
----------------------
GERIPE, ISSUE #1 2/96
----------------------

i take no responsibility for death, injury or legal trouble caused by the
use of anything contained herein.

this month's geripe constitution
001:introduction:explanation of title
002:pleasure through pain and mutilation:introduction
003:addresses of interest
004:book review:execution (tools & techniques)
005:music review:space streakings

"at a neuropsychiatric lab in san diego, men are shown a series of gruesome
films which become steadily more horrific.  the trainee is forced to watch 
by having his head clamped so he cannot turn away, and by the use of a
device which keeps his eyelids open.  one of the first films shows an 
african youth being circumcized with a blunt knife and with anaesthetic.
when the film is over the trainee is asked questions like "what was the 
motif on the knife handle?" or, "how many people were holding the youth 
down?" - spk member (they remain anonymous)

001:
for the sake of the curious, i will explain the title:
i was over at this guy named patrick's house.  he was 24 and he lived 
there temporarily with his parents, making his keep by fixing the house.  
i'd only known him for a couple of weeks, having been introduced to him 
by this pothead girl i knew.  i had a lot of generic valium and he wanted 
some.  as he was a regular customer, we started hanging out, getting 
high, whatever... i happened to be there on his birthday and unbeknownst 
to me, he had some acid.  he asked if i had ever done it. i said, "no." 
he held out his hand and said, "here, just don't freak out." so i said, 
"cool" and ate it.  we ended up smoking a lot of pot and i didn't freak 
out, but then we decided that we needed cigarettes.  it was then that i 
spent 20 or so minutes on his front steps dealing with the heavily 
strobing images running before my eyes as he struggled to put on his 
muddy boots.  with a crystalline, high-pitched voice, i could hear it say 
"geripe" (pronounced jur-ipe') with a strong sense of rhythm and melody.  
simultaneously, i had visions of my mother's face combined with the 
intense flashing of a figure of pure light that probed my crania. it 
looked somewhat like this:
                           
                           //////|\\\\\\
                          //@@@ @@@ @@@\\ 
                          \\@@@ @@@ @@@//
                           \\\\\\|//////

trilateral commission propaganda?  acid prophesy?  something tim leary 
would base ANOTHER acid religion on?  1/100th of terrence mckenna's 
favorite wet dream?  probably not.  brain fart?  probably.
------                                     
suicide tip #1: shoot up potassium chloride, used in lethal injections;
it stops your heart.

002:
in this section, i plan on detailing the plans for torture devices and 
assorted s&m equipment.  as i am in a hurry to finish this issue (it is
quite late at night and i have school) i'll leave this for future issues,
however disappointing to both me and my readers.  instead, i'll take this
space to advocate the usage clothes pins and detail a relating story.
i went down to austin with a few friends to meet some of their friends.
we walk into the door and a towel-clad guy puts his hand out.  i shake it,
sit down and we start passing around a bong.  just as my buzz gets going, 
one of my two new friends takes out a package with delight and lets us know
that he wants us to see what's inside.  ripping open the package, he pulls
out a human harness complete with eye blinders, a biting bar, and a set 
of reigns.  he proceeds to try it on.  by this point, i'm duly impressed.  
next in the chamber of wonder comes the opium, a substantial amount for a
substantially low price.  the opium is freebased and thoroughly enjoyed by
us all.  by this point, i'm ESPECIALLY impressed when the s&m closet is 
revealed.  clothes pins are clipped by various persons over the entirety 
of my body by the time one of the friends i came with starts to build a
pattern on my back. in ten minutes, i have wings of clothes pins millimeters
apart fanning vertically from my shoulders to my hips and an extra row down
my spine.  to give the intensity its crescendos and diminuendos, i stretched 
out my back very slowly.  the overall experience was quite fun.
------
"i hated hippies.  hippies were for peace, and i wasn't for peace, i was
for death & destruction" -- mark pauline

003:
i hope to have web sites and so forth on here too, but unfortunately; it's
hard for me to look for them sense i have no i-net access.  using a friend's
computer, i will find some for next issue, however.  so settle for snail-
mail, damn you:

charnel house
po box 170277
san francisco, ca  94117-0277

terminal projects group
pob 1390
orem, utah  84059

burning man project (415) 985-7471
po box 420572
san francisco, CA  94142-0052

anton szandor lavey & the church of satan
po box 210082
san francisco, ca  94121
------
        "MARIJUANA, MAR uh WAH nuh, is an illegal drug made from the flower 
tops of hemp plants.  It has no medical value.  Marijuana, usually used in 
the form of cigarettes, generally produces a mild intoxication.  Marijuana is 
also called hashish, because a band of early Arab murderers used the drug.  
        "Marijuana is classified as a narcotic drug under federal law.  But
it is not addicting (habit-forming) in the same way as such narcotic drugs as
heroin and morphine.  Marijuana users do not become physically dependent on
it and crave it.  However, its use carries other major dangers.  A person
with psychological problems may have intense emotional disturbances after
taking marijuana.  Or, a person may become reckless and begin taking heroin
or morphine when he sees that he can do without marijuana for long periods
without ill effects.
        "Some persons mistakenly believe that marijuana can improve the 
ability of musicians.  Actually, the use of marijuana only makes a musician
think he is playing better." -- solomon garb, world book encyclopedia 1968

004:
execution: tools & techniques, bart rommel, loompanics unlimited; 120pgs
chronicles capital punishment, detailing ancient methods, but specializes
in modern execution techniques.  mentioning suicide and many tales in the 
execution chamber, this book is inspiring.
------
"no job too dirty for a fucking scientist." w.s. burroughs

005:
space streaking: 7-toku
wacky japanese guys get their hands on a lot of good cocaine...
------

any questions, comments, hate, love, like, feelings, ideas, etc...
get in touch with me on:
temple of syrinx - 420-9346
violent in public - 494-1024 
dream realm - 436-3881
shattered paradigms - 942-5224

founder and sole member: rapeman

thhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhp...........
