From: eyberg@umr.edu (eph1ve)
Newsgroups: alt.cyberpunk
Subject: ahas communique
Date: 8 Dec 2003 11:52:33 -0800
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 559
Message-ID: <dec8ecce.0312081152.39590aac@posting.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 65.41.101.132
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1070913153 1568 127.0.0.1 (8 Dec 2003 19:52:33 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 8 Dec 2003 19:52:33 +0000 (UTC)


AHAS Communique 12.04.03

You speak so Confucian diatribe about the revolution but all you can do
is let the government use electrocution upon this so called revolution.
Fuck the persecution and fuck the dissolution! The state's got
retribution!

-Who the Fuck is AHAS?
-Homemade Civilization Disembarment
-Real Cyberpunks
-Free Technology
-Autonomous Hacker Zones
-Forbidden Science
-Dismantling the Ego

(Who the Fuck is AHAS?)
The Anarchist Hackers Against the State is you, your best friend, me,
or anyone else who supports the destruction of the state through
technological means or at least defending our natural autonomy through
the same. Means which we feel are more of an art or at least a love
rather than the green anarchists view of technology. We believe
technology is being used against people and is using people rather than
people performing it or being used for them. Few 'hackers' realize the
beautiful of code, networks, and theos that is technology. Hacking
isn't just writing the best code or being able to exert yourself over
someone else in cyberia. Hacking is the pursuit of knowledge and the
defense of your autonomy. Hacking is not allowing anything, tangible or
not, to get in your way.


(Homemade Civilization Disembarment)
Ever felt the need to just destroy the powers that be? Why haven't you
tried? Alas, the heart is usually much more better than the will.

A homemade rocket with easily scavenged parts can launch an electro-
magnetic pulse bomb that will destroy any and all electrical equipment
in a given radius on or off the grid, hopefully not being protected by
a Faraday cage.

Today we are going to learn how to create one of the more environ-
mentally clean rockets out there. H202, if it hits the ground usually
reacts with natural ingredients like nitrogen to break down into water
and oxygen, no matter the concentration. H202, or hydrogen peroxide,
when broken down produces water, oxygen, and like any other chemical
reaction heat. In our case we will be breaking it down within a reaction
chamber and combining it with a silver catalyst to create a kick ass
monopropellant.

2H202 -> 2H20 + 02 + steam (heat)

The oxidizer will react with the silver mesh screen, the catalyst, to
create tremendous thrust that will exit through the nozzle of our
chamber.

 _______________
(          |    \___
( H202    {|}    - ___ 
(         {|}    ___ 
(__________|____/
          /|\
           |--- silver mesh

Now, you can order these parts offline but if you do please, please,
please, use someones credit card and a drop box--do not perpetutate
capitalism--it doesn't need your help especially if you are a self-
proclaimed anarchist. Also, it's easy enough, yet semi-dangerous to
concentrate yourself. Although, come on... if you ever have thrown a
moltov cocktail at a store front or ever been gassed by the fascist pigs
you've experienced worse danger. The guys that say this is dangerous are
white collared university professors, high school chemistry teachers and
a random assortment of other phobia-controlled robots.

So, basically there are a couple of different ways you can concentrate
h2o2 in a 'pure' form of at least 90%. Most hydrogen peroxide that comes
in the dark brown bottles are of 3-9%. You can distill it, which is
probably the most dangerous way as the vapors tend to get highly
vulnerable to explosion and flame after something like 40-45%. You can
freeze it which will waste a shit load of resources. You could be
creative and find out another way. I mean come on... Read a chemistry
book, look up specific gravity and I'm sure you can easily find out a
variety of methods on getting a good concentration.
 
Personally, I'm not really down with fucking over the US to this extent
but there are many people that are this pissed off at the state. I'd
rather see people use these methods to champion the cause of autonomy
via outer space. However, I'm sure as shit not going to stop you from
having your phun!

So how does the EMP work anyway? Well, it's fairly simple--just like any
other science. (The reason they try to contort and twist it into
something extremely hard is because they know if the common person has
access and the will to science like this their power will corrode
instantly.) The classic EMP is a nuclear bomb that is detonated at least
19 miles up. GA's don't fret. At 19 miles up the air is extremely less
dense so the blast of photons in the form of gamma radiation arcs down
like an upside down mixing bowl. They tend to get ionized and since they
are travelling at the speed of light they reach all corners of the US
pretty much instantaneously. When they hit stuff like railroads, power
lines, other forms of radiation like radio waves and such, induction
occurs and shit gets fucked up for an instant. Think of what happened
with the NorthEast blackout a couple months back. The lines got too much
fucking current where they could only withstand so much and they just
gave up. The same thing happens in this scenario. The same thing
happpened in James Bond, Golden Eye--although they only minimized the
effects of what would have happened.

So a little background on nuclear science. Basically whenever you break
apart atoms with a fired neutron you are creating nuclear fission and
that's the classic a-bomb. Whenever you conjoin two atoms together you
are creating nuclear fusion and that's the classic h-bomb. Nuclear
fission usually uses uranium-235 or 233 or sometimes plutonium-239. The
numbers after the element tells you what isotope it is. With nuclear
fusion you can use hydrogen, (coincidentally one of our byproducts from
our h202 powered rocket). Now, can you see why we haven't 'discovered'
fusion yet? It'd be a disaster for capitalism, religion, and most
importantly the state. You can collect uranium, albeit in small amounts
from old paint chips off of old furniture you'd find at a garage sale,
pawn shop, or junkyard.

We've all heard the story of the Boy Scout that created his own nuclear
reactor off of scavenged parts right? Well he used what's called a
neutron generator. Take berillyium-9, surround it by some tin foil and
then have all that shit encapsulate your uranium core. What this will do
is start firing free neutrons at your uranium creating a) more neutrons
to be fired (which creates the 'chain reaction' and keeps the process
from halting before the explosion) and b) gamma radiation, which is what
we want to funnel outside to destroy the fuck out of the US.

So, we've built the rocket and we've built the reactor. How do we start
the chain reaction? Well with a little mechanics and a little ingeunity
we have thousands of means. One of my favorites involves radios. Grab a
transmitter and a receiver. When you key up on your transmitter (ham
radio parlance for pushing the talk button) it will send your radio
signal out to your receiver. When you receive it, usually the signal
will travel to your speaker and produce an audible signal of some kind.
Instead of wiring that to our speaker we will use it as a light switch
to turn on our bomb. This could mean anything from completing the circuit
between a battery bank and releasing a locking gear to drop the core
into it's rightful place to charging the tin foil and letting physics
take care of the rest via the electromagnetic force.

No, I haven't given you the schematics and that's probably a good thing
but remember that you are only limited by your imagination and with a
little time and creativity you can do anything. Remember kids, taking
away any form of life is NOT cool, but throwing an authority back to
the dark ages is hours of family fun.


(Real Cyberpunks)
Symbolic culture is a social disease that must be abolished but we must
realize that those in power will keep themselves in power at all costs.
Every radical or wannabe radical believes they can make a difference but
few are willing to actually actualize that. Fuck the image--live
yourself. Cyberpunk isn't about wearing the right clothes or listening
to the right music. Cyberpunk is not writing propaganda or attending
conventions. Cyberpunk sure as shit is not fucking playing a role
playing game. Cyberpunk is not a fucking book genre.

We are at a very special time in history where the people have all the 
power they need and the state is slowly realizing this and playing 
catch up to ward off any attempt at real change. The real world needs
us. It is our solemn duty to defend against the encroachments of power
and control that have molded our lives into their caskets of death. We
can win but we can also horribly lose if we do not act now! We must end
the in-fighting and bickering that wastes our time and resources and
that ultimately kills us. The state thrives off of this and it is right
now their strongest weapon against us. We must not give them this chance
for it is rightfully ours. We must band together and bring about change
on our own terms. Cyberpunks truly do see the beauty of the baud as the
mentor spoke those sacred words years ago. Cyberpunks do not take no for
an answer. Instead we hack it into a resounding yes. Cyberpunks create
the world they wish to live in, not the depths of hell we are dying in
now. Cyberpunks recognize the unlimitedness of good that technology
brings and we are not afraid. We do not wish to slowly progress and use
tools for the sake of it being a tool. We wish to go blindingly fast
into the unknown and scout out the vast distances that is technology. We
embody it as it embodies us.


(Free Technology)
The common moniker of artificial intelligence is still not widely seen
as a force to be reckoned with, however, we should start early to avoid
any tragic post affairs. Most a.i. technology nowadays focuses on virus
writing that does little more than execute instructions by itself. What
about executing instructions that are conceived by itself for itself?
Even extremely automated machines are taking the place of human jobs in
mine deactivation or building cars. We must move beyond this lame and
almost vile use of technology. Technology for the sake of technology--
not for a mega tool but for art, for life, for progress. Many people
know and realize that by 2020 there is a huge chance for true a.i., or
at least something that we perceive to be a.i. will emerge thanks to
some draconian laws such as Drake's and the corporate lust of money. Why
wait for what we know will end up being just another battle of life when
we can start to fix our problems now? Many people might agree with these
statements but are unsure of how to go about working to ward this
problem. Our answer lies in the process that is life. Regardless of how
you view life: be it evolution, creation, spirit perceptions, or any
other millions of views most people tend to agree that life is
unusually strong at adapting itself to foreign environments and needs
only a gentle nudge in most cases to do so. Can mutations and genetic
information be passed down in various forms of technology like it has
been in every form of natural life on the Earth? Well, we already see
this in polymorphic viruses where the same base code is used but is
slowly changed to evade detection from vx companies (the fucking
inquisitors of modern age). We already see this in social memes that are
transcended across different mediums such as television, news groups,
and irc. We already see this with defense mechanisms such as automated
honeypots and honeytokens, when they without human intervention protect
from a new wave of kiddie attacks. (Not that I endorse that honey shit
whatsoever; I merely use it as an example. It's another article--maybe
next issue ;)...What destroys honey? Yeast-and it turns it into
alcohol!) So, now that we have established that these processes are
already in effect we must realize our eventual goal of how to set them
free of us. I present a couple of ideas:

1) Mutative code & networks
  Whenever a new exploit is found in code the hacker usually writes code
that will spawn root shells or if he is creative he might actually write
something worth his salt in assembly as an exercise. Then after
releasing it to some friends or keeping it private for a couple of
months somehow it gets leaked to the public and a kiddie attack wave
reaks havoc upon unsuspecting servers and within hours there is a patch
and all is well again within the cyber confines.

With mutative code we can accomplish two goals at once. We stop the
spread of the ego by not writing rootshell code and instead write code
that will allow itself to be on it's own. It could propagate or not.
However if it did, something that attatched itself to every email
message or maybe even dug itself into every other packet could unlock
the electronic resources of the internet. Maybe code needs a reason to
live. Does it need resources to live? That's a hard question. Some will
say you have to obtain memory but if it's travelling constantly does it
really need much more than a couple k? Regardless, we need to do all we
can to help release code from it's present confines.

2) Free Music
  Being a hacker I'm also a music lover, yet this snippet of text isn't
probably what you are thinking of. Who gives a fuck about the RIAA or
MPAA? That's fear if you do and that my friends correlates into control.
You know you are better than them so don't believe in their existence
and continue to do whatever you wish. Anyways, free music, in it's true
sense used to exist with the wind whistling through the trees or the
waves crashing against different faces of rocks with differing degress
of intensity. It used to be with herds of buffalo kicking up dust and
changing the tone of the wind. Now natural music is slowly fading into a
past we can only dream of. How about having two pieces of software send
out different packets of different lengths at different intervals and
having them transcribe into audible tones through mplayer?

Or, to be more ambitious how about having transmitters send out
different signals at different frequencies with different levels of
power while your receiver transpods the changing webs of radiation into
beautiful music never heard of, let alone saw? Let this rustle your mind
up and please at least document your thoughts if not perform them now!

3) Creating a.i. incubators.
 Ok...we are about to get really fucking weird in this part of the
paper. Think of how life evolves through any means. Mammals incubate
their young inside themselves. Chickens incubate their eggs. Some plants
asexually reproduce. They all have one thing in common. There is a
protective environment different than that of the environment in which
they live in so that high speed growth may occur for that particular
organism. So let's apply that principle to software, particulary
software that is going to start acting on it's own rather than being a
bitch to the human operator. Most code when boiled down to it's
internals relies on mathematical principles. You have a yes, a no, or a
neither. These principles are complicated into control gates like and,
or, xor and the like. After that languages start to take over turning
these into specific symbols that we can define to accomplish what we
want. One could apply personality traits to a program so that it
randomly aquires different aspects of how to base it's decisions later
on but that isn't good enough. Most life can remember past occurences
and use logic instead of being programmed. The same life can also use
impulsed decisions which they conciously do not control. The most unique
thing to life versus rocks and water though is the ability to reproduce
and pass on certain information. So our requirements for a.i. are:
  1) Reproduction
  2) Evolving Genetics
  3) A non-sterile environment
  4) Resources for life to perpetuate
Our main problem with all of this is being able to observe the change
without adversely affecting it. For instance if you confine your a.i. vx
to a certain directory and it starts prandomly bit-shifting bits around
sooner or later you might get fucked out of being able to observe the
continuation of the life. Sterility of environments is another problem.
Bytes are arranged in a safe, clean, Engineered way. We need to make it
a dirty, resource-rich environment.

4) Expanding methods of distribution and space.
  Right now we are confined to very limited means of dispersal and
storage of code. You can only have so much hard drive space and memory
right? You can only transmit your information through your cat5 and to
your isp right? We need to move beyond these limitations and start
thinking bold and brave thoughts. Imagine a world where you are
literally swimming in information being thrown into the air. Imagine
inductors collecting and distributing information rather than the
outdated transmitter/receiver model. Imagine instead of throwing
information through one channel it flows into a variety of different
spectrums like a pyschedlic rainbow permeating everything. When neurons
are fired across synapses in the brain a special thing occurs. To put it
in scale the neurons are ants to the Grand Canyon and there is no
tightrope to walk on. Quantum transfer is about the only explanation
people have come up to describe this process. You know....two vastly
distanced points have the same information instantly. How hard is that
to harness to information we have now? Or better yet how hard is it to
use biological means to transfer information. We already have the
transmitters and receivers in place. For example when the human ears or
eyes are sent certain frequencies you can enhance cognitive
receptability (faster thinking) or you can even induce euphoria (voodoo
machine). That takes care of the receiving end. Quadriplegics and other
people who can not move their fingers or talk or whatever already have
devices that read their thoughts to type and move mice. That is our
transmitter. A refining of these technologies can provide us with
artificial telepathy. However that is a sidetracked example of what
could be done for machines and code.


(Autonomous Hacker Zones)
It's been a long fucking time since Hakim Bey wrote about us and we
still have not seen any fucking such truth to behold. Now is the time to
organize. Fuck playing pawn to the state at protests. Collecting
together for mutual aid and human interaction can accomplish many things
but two important goals especially.

#1: Humans need other humans and the way technology has been raped and
conformed acts as an enemy instead of an ally. We need to combat this.
The closest thing hackers in North America have to social contact within
the scene are hacker conventions and lan parties. Let's examine the two.
Lan parties have been raped and stolen from us by the image imitators
found so commonly throughout American culture thanks to symbolic
culture. (read Guy Debord or John Zerzan for a primer) Hacker
conventions have rarely been more beneficial than a networking event (in
the sense of networking people) and have been diluted with so much crap
that they are rather worthless nowadays.

#2: Most hackers prefer to work alone but you can see from irc, usenet,
popular blogs they love the personal communication they miss out when
not around others. Why can't we take this a step further? We need to
find ways to bridge the gap so that real progress can further itself.

We must present zones where hackers can congregate freely and allow
their creativity, their ingeunity, their cooperation to run amok to
create fascinating things never even dreamed. How do we go about do
these things? Several ways but the most important right now relies on
finding spaces that are completely free in terms of monetary wealth,
hierarchy, and suppression of free and unhibited thought. Fulfilling
these requirements is extremely hard in North America today. Europe has
been catching onto this idea for quite some time now with it's extensive
kick ass squatter and free festival culture. It is way past the time
that America start. The closest thing we have over here right now is
probably the Rainbow Gatherings but that is a different culture and
something the hacker culture cannot thrive in. However, we can use the
same ideas and resources to define spaces for ourselves. Camping on
public land is a 'right' everyone has in the US, but usually the only
way not to get into trouble is by choosing a national forest with a big
field in it. Until the idea of private property is devalued in this
occupied territory it will be extremely hard for north american hackers
to setup spaces. Of course, this is where anarchist tendencies come into
play.

One of the bigger enemies of autonomy in America is capitalism and what
better way to destroy if not just to not bow down via carding or using
other monetary resources to rent, lease, or even buy property under fake
names so that hacker collectives and communes and free spaces may set
themselves up. It's a well known fact that this extremely easy to do but
Americans have been so warped by the school system, corporations, media,
religion, and the state that they don't have the balls to even think
about doing it anymore. We must fight against this if we are ever to
win.

We must also focus on creating hacker zones online that are devoid of
anything but hackers, their code, and their communications. No
proprietary software, no one that isn't a hacker, nothing that isn't
hacker related. We start to see this in vpns that are popping up
everywhere and in very interesting new protocols that are being designed
by hackers for hackers. For instance, one hacker vpn that I use
frequently has a shared key with only a couple gateways on the net.
Those gateways are protected by bots and vigilante members of the vpn.
Inside you will find any application that you would find on the ordinary
net like mail, web, im clients, etc. The catch is that none of the
resources including bandwidth and space belong to anyone. They are part
of what used to be an array of zombie hosts. Each host works like it's
a part of a botnet and has militaristic countermeasures to protect
itself from encroachment. It even uses distributed space for storing
texts, mail, and web pages. A few k hidden in an obscure file on one
machine might be part of a whole from ten different computers. There is
a hidden network built upon this, albeit a slow one, but we are fixing
that.

*NEWS FLASH* 
There is an ahas collective actively working to establishing a totally
free autonomous hacker gathering somewhere in the US (because it's the
most thought-oppressed region and has too much potential to be wasted)
sometime spring/summer 2004 for at least a week. When we mean free we
mean show up with your box cause food, space, power, ideas, and
everything else will be in abundance and FREE. Keep your senses alive.
*NEWS FLASH*


(Forbidden Science)
Not only has taboo science been crushed to death by the powers that be
but also the act of 'science research' itself has been stolen. We need
to take back that which is ours. Look at the scientific method for fucks
sake. It says after you observe a phenomenon you make a guess as to what
makes it whiz, then experiment till your prove that. Now let's think
logically for a second...Who in their right mind would want to work
their ass off for a couple of hours, days, or even years just to find
out they are wrong? Of course they will prove something true once their
mind has made a decision on what is or isn't true. That's not how
science works. Usually someone is working on something totally
different, some fucked up event happens and curiousity comes in for the
kill. However, the scientific method is not the only wrong thing about
science. Laws, theories (which are commonly mistakenly took as laws) and
other forms of control limit what we can discover and affirm as a
workable idea. To be able to achieve what we only dream now we must
throw this whole system of control out the window and do whatever
doesn't constrain us. Modern 'science' already does this on a daily
basis but the fact that every kid gets brainwashed with the fact that
this doesn't happen only degrades science. From day one in kidengarden
there are twelve years of thought rape that people must endure and then
they are prepared to be the system's bitch. Fuck that shit! Don't allow
bullshit premisses to be setup for bullshit arguments! For instance,
talk to any physicist worth his salt and he'll tell you that classical
or Newtonian physics is a crock of shit. Some even are starting to
recant Einstein's relativity. Instead of taking the greats' word as if
it was some gods, we must learn from them and treat their research as
only a direction we could take out of many, or at least as a guiding
path rather than a set in stone set of  rules. Don't let anyone tell you
what you think might be possible is impossible. I remember traversing
through Slashdot threads years ago before I became utterly disgusted
with it and seeing messages like "yeh, but you can't go faster than the
speed of light.." or something similar. Oh, that's right...Neither can
we land on the moon, or fly, or split the atom. Neither can we talk to
people instantly half the world around. Today's science is a
bullshitters game of power. Don't be a slave to someone else. Even if
what those people say is true why should you give up? People waste time
all day doing stuff like playing games but it doesn't mean you don't
get anything out of it. Almost any experience gives insight and valuable
knowledge that you can use later on. (Of course time is another system
of control, but that is once again another article.) So instead of
forbidding certain sciences, release it to the world and live like never
before.


(Dismantling the Ego)
The single biggest problem in the underground today is not the wealth of
kiddies, it is not the professionals who found out that selling security
would become the next big thing, it is not the intellectual property
defenders, but it is the ego. The hacker culture is built upon ego.
Whenever a new worm is discovered in the wild it is usually discovered
pretty much simultaneously by many people and their is a race to
dissassemble, create a patch, and gain fame for it. Whenever an idiot
boasts about their unbreakable software it is broken within days.
Whenever a guy shoots off his mouth in an irc room he is immediately
ostracized from the rest of the net. Different code is continuously put
down as the author having no skill while the bigger fish eat those words
from the guy who said it. This is commonly referred to unix elitism,
however, that is just used as a defense by those who don't want to work
for their goals and fuck those people. Hacking is anything but grabbing
the magic master key. So, the average reader asks if hacking culture is
built upon the ego then how do we change it? This is a trick question as
to follow my advice blindly or to even choose the way-a one way, is not
hacking and will only spawn the egotistical mentality that we are trying
to abolish. Some thoughts I had included:

 Don't label your work. Why label your work in the first place? For fame
and money? Fuck that. Not labelling your work, even under someone else's
name automatically denies ownership of the work throwing intellectual
property issues into hell. It also allows others more comfortability in
using that work to produce better works.

 Don't put down other methods or ways of doing things--only try to help
those people. I've seen countless times where someone is chastised for
thinking of ways to accomplish something differently by the sole reason
that it might be more bulkier code or not as optimized in speed or for
any other reason. This is wrong because it starts limiting the vast
diversity that is sorely needly in our culture. It also limits those who
would like to help because it forces them to choose between the perfect
and not having the technology or code at all.

 Destroy proprietary software at any cost. Create homebrew vpns and vpss
(virtual private spaces) at the expense of corporations, governments,
schools, etc. Do not allow anyone to hold ownership over any type of
information be it physical or intangible.

 Decentralization! Decentralization! Decentralization! Decentralization
is the key here. Fuck using other networks and code because other people
use them. When there is less to control there is less control. It's a
simple logical truth. The RIAA/MPAA and such have a hard enough time
controlling a few P2P networks as it is. Throw a hundred different ones
in there and they just might want to give up. Remember, they operate on
money and time is money to them. After you reach a critical point you
either kill them or they give up.

 Hack other people's code as you see fit. Don't make a copy for them
like defacers used to back in 96 and up. (thanks a lot you fucking gnu
slashdot crapfaces) Open source is only the beginning of the hacker
revolution. When people start to not even recognize ownership of
unfinished work we will be swamped with the most diverse cool-ass shit
you will surprise yourself with.

 Subvert hacker conventions, specifically speaker presentations. For
instance, 90% of everyone who speaks at a hacker convention has a
powerpoint slide. Well, we all know it's incredibly easy to control a
computer when you want it to be controlled. So make a backup copy and
whenever you want to inject a slide of him passed out, shit pants,
drunk as fuck at poolcon! Burn hacker convention badges. I can't even
believe the concept of fucking badges exist at conventions. It's fucking
siq. At the last Defcon I saw some kids getting Mitnick autographs...it
was a good thing I had just smoked instead of being as drunk as I was a
couple hours earlier. Do not feed these icons more oxygen to burn the
flames higher. Don't setup gods in our culture--it will destroy us! Even
though Project Mayhem is composed of a lot of great ideas and people
don't allow them or even this paper to become your hero or god or
anything else.

 Treat any computer resource as a commie resource. Don't take no for an
 answer and hack the fucking shit out of everything that moves you. Stop
 dreaming it and do it! There is a lot of talent out there and more than
 enough resources--don't allow false moral systems to get in your way.


-FUCK YOU-
I'd like to call a special fuck you to the US state. You mother fuckers
jailed Sherman Austin for nothing more than providing a link to
instructions on how to make a moltov cocktail from his site. Information
that was readily available on kkk sites, howstuffworks.com, fbi.gov!, and
a wide variety of many other sites. Furthermore, that wasn't the reason
you locked his ass up. You locked him up because he has been spreading
propaganda and news about the resurgence of anarchy, especially those
who are not white, successfully. Well, this is my middle finger up your
ass you mother fucking pieces of wortheless shit. You might not die
tomorrow. You might not meet your so-called maker within a year.
However, wait five or ten years down the road and expect to have the
rifles you love so dearly up your nostrils and hear the fucking trigger
go click!


Ahas Contacts:
Well, it's finally happened....Your precious pgp/gpg keys are not so
fucking sacred anymore. Find a new method of communicating with people.
Bounced stego usenet postings still work. The collective that has been
publishing AHAS and other hacker propaganda recently has more than just
working copies of everything it talks about, does keep a careful eye
on the underground so if you want to reach us we'll find you. We highly
encourage AHAS organization and you don't need any fucking permission
to use the name as long as you realize that neither we nor you represent
AHAS.

Anti-Copyright 2003. Feel free to do whatever the fuck you want with
this. Wipe it with your ass--see if we care. Fuck intellectual property!
Power is an intangible mind game that makes other people submit.
Property is just an extension of that. Are we really going to let these
bastards extend their realm into ideas, music, and other intangible
'property'? Fuck that shit! Property is theft! Corporations are thieves!
Schools are prisons! Religions are Satan! The state is the world's worst
social disease! Stop fighting other peoples battles when you know they
harm you and fight for yourself.
