                                   

                                   Ÿ-ŸŸ
                            Creative Anarchists

                           Issue 1 - May 15 1995

                         Written by Silicon Avatar
                         Edited by Silicon Avatar
                                   Ÿ-ŸŸ

                                 Contents

                i. Intro/Disclaimer
                I. Who the hell do you think you are?
                II. Detonations.
                III. The art of explosives.
                  A. Intro
                  B. Black Powder
                  C. Smoke Bomb
                  D. Napalm
                  E. Thermite
                  F. Ammonium Nitrate
                  G. Ammonium Nitrate High Explosive
                  H. A Dual Charge High Detonation Velocity Explosive Device

                                   Ÿ-ŸŸ

i.  Intro/Disclaimer

  -- Please read, and I'm NOT just saying that to keep me out of trouble --

I take no responsibility for the any of the following:

      Death of others.
      Injury of others.
      Property damage.
      Your death.
      Your injury.
      Your penis size, your parrents, your report card, any of the other shit
            thats happens to you in your lifetime;
            For god's sake lets be realistic.

    If a man commites a crime it falls on that man.  If a person goes out
    and kills 15 people with his Glock 20, do Glock CEOs go to trial?
      I think not.
    Hence, I hand over all responsibility pretaining to usage of the
    following information, to you the reader.  I think it sad that I have to
    put one of these on my file, here in the *ahem* land of the free.

    I personally and truthfully do not condone attacks on random people.

    Executing those that aren't guilty will not solve anything.
    If there are madmen reading this that want to go and murder hundreds of
    people, I dont truthfully care.  This is most likly been found amongst
    many many other, similar files.  He would find his information elsewhere.

    This file is intended to edjucate and focus random hate/violence.  I hope
    in ernest it that serves to further my cause and stop some of the
    corporate evils that plauge our country day in and day out.

    Thank you for your time.

                                   Ÿ-ŸŸ

I.  Who the hell do you think you are!?

        There are a great deal of 'anarchists' out there that have no idea
what it means.  Yeah, I suppose there is a vast majority of you that are
saying 'sure I know, its like chaos or something'.  Well, to be completely
accurate it comes from the greek, meaning 'without government'.
        There was a French philosoph named Pierre Joseph Perdew, if im not
mistaken (its quite likley that I am), who founded the thought.  He belived
that we would be much better off if we shared all that we had with one
another and that possesion was, in itself, immorall.  His plans for
government, and I use use that in the loosest form of the word, paved
the way for socialisim, or modern communisim.  You see, socialisim looks
wonderfull on paper... its just that when applied it looses its coheasen.
I do suppose that if it weren't for corruption ect in government, it may of
worked out.  But this is all beside the point.  On with time.
        Later, in the USSR, there was a man whos name escapes me, that killed
the Czar saying that the Socialists had marred the good name of anarchy, and
hence it got its terroristic aspects.  You may be wondering what relevance
all this has to you, so I'll tell you what anarchy means to me.
        Anarchy, is the naturall step beyond complete order.  Think of a
balance scale.  If you tip one end, the other swings back to counter.  If the
government crushes us in its fist, it is naturall for us to respond in force.
Hence, as they tip the scale in their favor it is up to us to keep the
balance.  Our society is too large, too impersonall, too corupt.  I see it
inevitible for the US to be crushed under the weight of its empire, but dont
feel the need to wait it out.  Act now, force fate's hand;  I'm sure the
majority of us agree that a change is nessecary, and while our interpetations
of 'change' may differ, the jeist is the same.  I belive that out of chaos
can arise new order, perhaps in the form of city-states, perhaps in the form
of another unified nation, it doesn't matter.  Change is on the whole a good
thing, regardless of the form it takes.  As long as we all see the problems
and want to correct them, I dont see how we could possibly make things worse
in the long term.
        Unfortunatly, the majority is frightened by change.  Even if they
agree with our veiws, and see the same destination, the path leading to it
terrifies them.  For this reason our ideas shall undoubtedly be met by
forcfull opposition, so a great deal of tact shall be required in each of
our actions.  We must find those that do sympathize with our position and
make them examples to those around them.  People must understand that they
are not alone in this persuit and that there are others backing them.  Once
we get the people on our side, the rest is downhill.
        I hope you understand my propostions and agree at some level or
another.  If so, please encourage those around you, perhaps even start small
groups that meet every so often, or just talk about it to people.  Make it
a conversation topic, a point of debate.  I think our veiws are supportable
enough that challenge to them could perhaps bring additionall support in from
sceptics, ect.

        Just as long as we do something.

                                   Ÿ-ŸŸ

II. Detonations

        One of the most important things about making a sucessfull explosion
is having the explosive in question properly detonated.  Just leaving a pile
of RDX or gunpowder out near your target with a blasting cap placed neatly
within range will NOT cut it.
        All an explosion is, is something burning extremely quickly.  Take a
bottle of flamible hair spray.  Spray it on your average door knob and light
it.  It should burn slowly, like kerosene, then go out.  Now, place the
lighter in front of the nozle of the hair spray and give a short blast into
the air.  The hairspray should ignite in mid air, and burn violently very
briefly (by the way, if you contine to spray the stuff into the air and
constatly light it like a flame thrower, there is a significant chance that
after some time, the can will heat up and explode.)  Now, get an empty soda
can, and spray the hair spray into it about 15 times.  Then give one short
spray on the top of the can, and light the stuff on the top of the can.  A
finger of fire should shoot about 4 inches out of the top the can for about
.4 seconds, and make a violent hissing noise, very breifly.  Now, we've
established a few things.  If you have a flamible substance that is
concentrated and unconfined, it burns slowly, as on the door knob.  If you
have a substance that is unconcentrated and unconfined, if burns much more
rapidly.  If you have a flamible substance that is confined, it responds
violently.
        Another good example is if you take a fire cracker and light it, it
splits the paper, and makes a small explosion.  If you cut it open and light
the stuff inside, it just burns.  
        So the trick is, knowing what the explosive can tear through, and
what it cant.  Then take the toughest stuff the explosive can rip through,
and confining it in that.

III. Explosives

  -- Please be carefull, explosives are just that.  If you dont have the --
  -- proper equipment, you really REALLY shouldn't be attempting to      --
  -- produce these mixtures.                                             --

        So you want to make a bomb?  Well, this just wouldn't be an anarchist
zine if I didn't tell you how to make a few good explosive devices, would it.
I've found that explosives can be a great form of entertainment, deturent,
or even a means to clear away pesky crowds and the like.
        In the following recipies, you will need one or more of these items:

        Cookie sheet (K-Mart)
        2 quart (minimum) sauce pan (K-Mart)
        GOOD quality rubber gloves (K-Mart)
        A spatula (K-Mart)
        A towel (K-Mart)
        Measuring cups (K-Mart)
        A bucket (K-Mart)
        A means of powdering substances, with AS LITTLE FRICTION AS POSSIBLE.
             I might sugest two boards, one flat plywood, and one 2x4.
        Window screen, 1x1 ft (Ace Hardware, They'll cut it for you, I
                               promise)

        I sugest also purchasing an air filter to keep fumes from effecting
your mind, and not one of those cheap ones either.  One that SAYS it will
guard against paint fumes ect.  I suspect you can procure one at your local
painter's supply store, or hardware depot.  Mind you, these things aren't
inexpensive.

   ŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸ
   - Black Powder -
   ŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸ

        Yes, yes, I'm quite sure you've run accross numerous recipies for
this quaint little low explosive, but I'm going to go over it anyway, as
we will be using it later on.  If you've made this before, feel free to
continue on to the next part of the document.  My method is effectve for
making small amounts of the stuff.  By the way, I borrowed this recipe from
the black book of emprovised munitions.  The only difference is, I included
simple ways of obtaining the ingredients.

        You'll need the following ingredients:

          Potassium nitrate, granulated 3 cups

                I was able to buy this over the counter at my local
                Long's Drugs, under the name Saltpetre.  I'm certiant
                that you shall be able to as well.

          Sulfur, powdered, 1/2 cup

                This is difficult to obtain.  My only sugestion is reduce
                the recipe and remove the heads of matches (NOT strike
                anywhere), as we will only need black powder as a
                detonating charge.  You can shave the sulfur off with a
                sharp knife.  It can most likley be purchased at a
                chemical supply house, but I have been unsucessfull in
                that particular persuit.

          Denatured alcohol, A bunch

                I found it at Long's right next to the Saltpetre.

          Wood charcoal, powdered, 2 cups

          Water 3 cups

        Now do the following:

          1.  Place alcohol in the bucket.

          2.  Place potassium nitrate, charcoal, and sulfur in the sauce pan.
              Add one cup water and mix thoroughly with wooden stick until
              all ingredients are dissolved.

          3.  Add remaining water (two cups) to mixture.  Place bucket on
              heat source and stir until small bubbles begin to form.  Do NOT
              boil mixture.  Be sure all mixture stays wet.  If any is dry,
              as on sides of pan, it may ignite.

          4.  Remove bucket from heat and pour mixture into alcohol while
              stirring vigorously.

          5.  Let alcohol mixture stand about 5 minutes.  Strain mixture
              through cloth to obtain black powder.  Discard liquid.  Wrap
              cloth around black powder and squeeze to remove all excess
              liquid.

          6.  Place screening over dry bucket.  Place workable amount of damp
              powder on screen and granulate by rubbing solid through screen.
              If granulated particles appear to stick together and change
              shape, recombine entire batch of powder and repeat steps 5 and
              6.

          7.  Spread granulated powder on flat dry surface so that layer
              about .5" (1.25 cm) is formed.  Allow to dry.  Use radiator, or
              direct sunlight.  This should be dried as soon as possible,
              preferably in one hour.  The longer the drying period, the less 
              effective the black powder.  Remove from here as soon as 
              granules are dry.  Black powder is now ready for use.
        
                                   Ÿ-ŸŸ

   ŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸ
   - Smoke Bomb -
   ŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸ
        
        Ok I forget where I read about this one, but god have I gotten alot   
of usage out of it.  Really simple and cheap to make, its the most 
entertainment you can get out of five dollars.

        You'll need the following ingredients:        

          Potassium nitrate, granulated 3 cups
          
                See Black Powder for information on where to get it.
          
          White Sugar, granulated 2 cups
   
        Now do the following:
   
          1.  Put all ingredients in the sauce pan.

          2.  Cook on burner over medium low heat, higher if nessecary,
              but be warned; It burnes EXTREEMLY violently.  In testing, 
              I manedged to char my entire kitchen the first time I made
              it.  Stir it frequently, so it cooks evenly.  Eventually
              it will begin to melt, and turn yellow.  Continue until
              the whole pot of the stuff is a nice even consistency.
              Scoop the whole gooey mess onto alluminum foil, and put it 
              in the freezer, or let cool on concrete.

          3.  Once it is cooled, it will be hard as granite, and flamible.
              If you like, and have a means of doing so, I sugest crushing
              it into grains, to acheive higher combustability.  To detonate,
              simply burn it.  It will begin to melt, then very briefly 
              brown, then suddenly ignite, and most likly go up in about 1.3 
              seconds per 1 lb block.  Once, I wraped it in paper, and twisted 
              all the excess into a large stem.  It looked like a bulb onion
              with its stalk still attatched, but it made a good fuse for a  
              moments thought.  I suspect that if granulated and confined in 
              one way or another, it would make a small explosion.  Also, 1 
              lbs of this can fill up a city block with thick white smoke.
              Best when used indoors, as it pushes up against the ceiling
              then drips down like fog, till visibility is null and void.

                                   Ÿ-ŸŸ
   
   ŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸ
   - Napalm -
   ŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸ

        Ohh I do grow weary of the endless praise which this particular
recipe receives, but I must admit, it is simple to produce, and is fun
to spread onto bread before a victim places it in his or her toaster.

        You'll need the following ingredients:        
          
          Gassoline, not the high performence kind
        
                Use desil if you want it to be more combustable.

          Styrofoam
                                   
                Computer stores are great places to get large quantities of                   
                this.  Out behind where they dump their boxes?  Or I do 
                belive you can buy the styrofoam penuts at office supply 
                houses, moving compaines, ect.

        Now do the following:
                                   
          1.  In something NOT MADE OF PLASTIC mix the styrofoam into the                         
              gassoline till it becomes a thick, jelly like substance.  I've 
              heard of variations where the person adds petrolium jelly, and 
              feel free to try it.  All I know is this works.  Do not store
              this in plastic, as gassoline eats through most kinds of it.
              Your best bet is a gas can.  Once lit this is next to 
              impossible to put out, and it produces large clouds of toxic
              black smoke.

                                   Ÿ-ŸŸ

   ŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸ
   - Thermite -
   ŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸ

        Thermite!  I love thermite.  It is the most highly evolved firebomb
I have ever run across.  It turns concrete to paste, and could open a bank
vault door.  If you can find the materials, it is simple to make.  Recipie
borowed from Buckethead.  I fleshed it out a bit and supplied aditionall
places to aquire the ingredients.

        You'll need the following ingredients:        

         For the thermite:

          Iron oxide, powdered 3 cups

                This substance is rust.  Plain and simple.  Unfortunatly,
                making large quantites can be costly, either in the form
                of the length of time required to let nature take its course
                or the ammount of electricity required to produce it 
                artifically.  To make it artificially, get a DC adapter
                (go to your local Radio Shack, or get one from your cd player)
                cut the wires near the end of the converter, and wrap the 
                positive wire (they should be labeled) around a large iron 
                screw.  Place this in a jar of salt water, and then stick the
                negative end in the water as well.  Plug it in, and let it 
                sit.  Once you have your rust, fry it in your sauce pan till
                it turns a nice red color.  If you don't feel like going
                through the trouble, I sugest purchasing Iron Oxide from
                your average chemical supply house.

          Alluminum, powdered 2 cups

                Purchase it from a painter's supply store under the name
                alluminum bronzing powder, or file some cans into powder.
         
         For the igniter:
          
          Potassium nitrate, granulated 1 cup
                 
                See Black Powder for information on where to get it.

          Magnesium, powdered 1 cup
        
                Sporting goods stores supposidly sell this in a rod form, but 
                at my local Sears I found flint and magnesium in the camping
                department.  You would need 5 or 6 of these at least to get
                a cup of the powder out of it, but it cost $8.50 each to buy.
                I manadged to get quite a few on five finger discount.  Once
                you have these, powder it using a small drill bit, but watch
                for the bit becoming too hot and lighting the magnesium. It
                doesn't burn easily per say, but it does burn like hell fire.
                I sugest powdering a small amount and trying to ignite it to
                get an idea of how it will react.

        Now do the following:
   
         For the thermite: 
         
          1.  Place alluminum powder and iron oxide in a jar.  Shake 
              vigorously until its consistency is unison throughout.
          
         For the igniter:

          1.  Please note that the ratios for the igniter to thermite 
              displayed above should be constant.  Don't think you can
              get off by making a small amount of the igniter and a ton
              of thermite.  It just won't light.  The igniter must be AT
              LEAST 1/3 by volume to the thermite.
          
          2.  Place potassium nitrate and magnesium in a jar.  Shake 
              vigorously until its consistency is unison throughout.
              
         For the detonation:
          
          1.  Pour thermite into the botom of a coffee can, and then pour
              the ignitor on top of that.
                                   
          2.  Spread a thin layer of napalm over the top of the two mixtures
              or sprinkle a 1/8th inch thick layer of match heads on the top
              of the mixtures.
          
          3.  Elivate the container by means of a paper tube with large
              notches cut in the base (perhaps a container for comet cut in 
              half or another coffee can), and place a fuse of your choosing 
              in the ignitor, making sure it penetrates through to the 2nd 
              layer (the magnesium + potasium nitrate).

          4.  Place above target area, and light.  Leave the top uncovered.
              I don't sugest sticking around to watch, as staring directly 
              at thermite as it burns will destroy your retnas.  It burns at 
              something to the tune of 2700 to 5000 degs fahrenheit, and will 
              quickly liquify carbon steel.

                                   Ÿ-ŸŸ

   ŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸ
   - Ammonium Nitrate -
   ŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸ

        Lets discuss ammonium nitrate, shall we?  This is really really
nice stuff, and in its pure state it is almost as powerfull as dynomite when
detonated alone.  Unfortunatly, this is the primary substance used in the
oklahoma bombing, and hence anyone who goes asking around for it will be met
by nothing less then shock, contempt, or suspicion at very least.
        There are a couple ways to get it.  It is, as you most likley know 
if you've ever played with the stuff, a fertilizer.  I've found it sold at
one or two fertilizer places, but the fertilizer grade ammonium nitrate
needs to be treated in a way that can be tedious and costly.  The only reason
to use fertilizer grade ammonium nitrate, is if you are making a REALLY 
REALLY big bomb.  Otherwise, I've found a different source that is more 
effective.  At longs drugs they sell ACE Instant Cold Packs.  There are other
brands, and they will do nicley, but this is the one I use.  On the compress
itself, you should notice some labeling on the back.  It might say
"WARNING, DO NOT OPEN THIS PACK" or something to that effect, and below it
should read "Contents: Ammonium Nitrate and Water".  
        Well, when your about   ready to use your ammonium nitrate in your 
bomb, open the packs(two should be MORE then enough for most jobs), and 
empty out the crystals.  Try to keep the ammonium nitrate from mixing in with 
the water.  Then, put it on a cookie sheet, and bake it at about 200 degs.  
You can use a higher temperature, but be warned, it has a flash point of 400 
degs, about.  What you are doing here is drying it out.  After about 20 mins 
or so in the oven, I sugest treating it with some denatured alchohol, I 
explain where this stuff can be found above.  What you do is run it over the 
ammonium nitrate, and then stir it around in it gently.  Strain it out into 
two parts, throw out the denatured alchohol and dry the ammonium nitrate 
again in your sauce pan over low heat.  Bolth denaturd alchohol and ammonium 
nitrate will absorb moisture from open air, so do it quickly.  
        After you take it off the stove, crush it some how, and them either 
detonate it there, or mix it with something and store it in a small air tight 
container.  We will discuss bombs that can be made with the treated ammonium 
nitrate, but seeing as how its such an interesting compound I decided to 
devote a page or two to it.

                                   Ÿ-ŸŸ

   ŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸ
   - Ammonium Nitrate High Explosive -
   ŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸ

        Ok, now that you know how to get and treat ammonium nitrate, lets
talk about making it into a high explosive.  There are many many ways to
do this, and hence I sugest that you play with it yourself.

        You'll need the following ingredients:

          Ammonium nitrate, powdered, treated 8 cups

                See ammonium nitrate above for information on producing
                treated ammonium nitrate.

          Alluminum, powdered 1/2 cup

                See thermite for information on where to get it.

          Fuel Oil, 1 cup

                Use 1/2 cup motor oil mixed with 1/2 cup gassoline for a
                substitute if you cant find this.  Use desil at your own
                risk.  It may make the explosion bigger but it also might
                make the explosion happen prematurly.

        Now do the following:

          1.  Mix the fuel oil with the FRESHLY MADE batch of treated
              ammonium nitrate, until the mixture is consistent.

          2.  Mash in the alluminum powder.

          3.  THIS IS A HIGH EXPLOSIVE.  We're NOT talking about something
              that will blow off your hand, the batch above would likly
              reduce a SMALL HOME to RUBLE!  That is if detonated properly.

                                   Ÿ-ŸŸ


   ŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸ
   - An Example Dual Charge High Detonation Velocity Explosive Device -
   ŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸŸ

        The following is a really nice little bomb I invented with
inspiration from a number of sources, in fact, too many to name.  Its just
to give you an example of a really big bomb.

        You'll need the following ingredients:

          Ammonium nitrate high explosive, 5 cups

                See ammonium nitrate high explosive

          Black powder, 1 cup

                See black powder

          A bucket

          A propane tank

                Can be purchased at Long's for 1.79, or at Target at 3.50
                for two.

          Tennis balls, 2
          
          A sheet of cardboard

          A extreemly long fuse, or an electric igniter and a 3 short fuses

                For what needs to be done, the best thing may be to twist          
                three strings together and make a fuse out of that, so it
          
          Quite a bit of duct tape
        
        Now do the following:

          1.  Put the propane tank in the bucket.

          2.  Place the ammonium nitrate high explosive around the propane
              tank in the bucket.

          3.  Cut each of the tennis balls in half, and also cut a slit in
              the bottom of each of the halves.

          4.  Fill three of the halves with black powder, and wrap the open 
              halves shut in one or two layers of duct tape.  Don't cover 
              the slit in the back of the tennis ball halves.

          5.  Split the fuse into 3 or attatch the 3 fuse extentions to the 
              long fuse/electric igniter.

          6.  Feed the split fuses into each of the tennis ball halves so
              that if lit, the tennis ball halves would all explode more or
              less simultaniously.  Scotch tape the fuses into place.

          7.  Push each of the halves into the explosive with the back of
              each half lightly against the back of the bucket.  Make the open
              half point in tward the propane tank, and place them at regular
              intervals around the bucket so they are equi-distant from one
              another.  See the diagram below and invision a circle around
              each of the three points.  Each of the circles is a tennis ball
              half, as this is an ariel veiw.

                                        *


                                   *         *

          8.  Cut a cardboard circle the size of the top of the bucket.  Put
              a small hole in the top of it, and duct tape it to the top,
              feeding the fuse through the hole.  Duct tape it very tightly,
              but try to avoid the hole through which the fuse runs.

          9.  Light the fuse, place in city hall, and catch a plane.

X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
 Another file downloaded from:                                NIRVANAnet(tm)

 &TOTSE                510/935-5845   Walnut Creek, CA         Taipan Enigma
 Burn This Flag        408/363-9766       San Jose, CA                Zardoz
 realitycheck          415/648-9489  San Francisco, CA    Poindexter Fortran
 Phallicide            408/899-0235       Monterey, CA          Reclinerhead
 Governed Anarchy      510/226-6656        Fremont, CA             Eightball
 New Dork Sublime      805/823-1346      Tehachapi, CA               Biffnix
 The Ether Room        510/228-1146       Martinez, CA Tiny Little Super Guy
 Lies Unlimited        801/278-2699 Salt Lake City, UT            Mick Freen
 The Shrine            206/793-3465         Monroe, WA               Rif Raf
 Atomic Books          410/669-4179      Baltimore, MD               Baywolf
 Sea of Noise          203/886-1441        Norwich, CT             Mr. Noise
 The Floating Pancreas 305/424-0266 Ft. Lauderdale, FL     Majestic Cockster
 The Dojo              713/436-1795       Pearland, TX               Yojimbo
 Frayed Ends of Sanity 503/965-6747     Cloverdale, OR              Flatline

                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
