                        The Phone Punx Network Presents 
                              --Phone Punx Magazine--
                                       ----Issue one----
              "Carjackers of the Information Super Highway"
                                    April 26, 1999
                     Last Updated:  May 04, 1999
                                http://fly.to/ppn
                            phonepunx@yahoo.com                  
 





		Contents 


~Intro by Mohawk

~Seuss  
  -Better Homes and Telephone Surveillance
  -Paper chase

~Security Breach
  -NOKIA 2160 NAM PROGRAMMING INFO by Maniac

~Scamming by Nothing

~Beating the Caller ID by the Fixer

~Lineside
  - LMOS/MLT CODES AND MEANINGS 
  - Field Techs and Wiretaps 

~Controlled Environmental Vaults by Tom Farely

~Cyber Culture 
  - The impact of the flag burning amendment by Mr. X2
  - Cyber McCarthyism by  Mohawk



 




                       
                             













.....The Staff of Phone Punx Magazine.....


Mohawk..................Editor in chief

Seuss ......................FAQ editor/Head tech. writer

Czechmate...............Staff writer

Phear.......................Staff writer/Graphics

Admiral...................Staff writer

Lineside...................Staff writer

Black Axe...............Staff writer

Maniac....................Staff writer/Head writer of Security Breach











.....Magazine Information.....

-Disclaimer
All information is protected by the 1st ammendment.  However, this 
information should not be used in any other way except education.
Our purpose is to provoke thought and we might even entertain you,
if you're good.  Nothing in this issue has been tested and we do not
garuntee that it will work.  We cannot assure your safety both
legally and phsically and what the hell, mentally if you try anything
in this issue.




-Release Dates
Phone Punx Magazine is released about every 4 months, however there is
no set release date.  Issues can come out a day or a year after the last
one but we will try to stick to around 3 to 4 months.


-Writers Wanted
We are always looking for more writers.  If you want an article published
or if you would like to become a regular writers, send us an email.  We would
really like to concentrate on phreaking and large phreaking projects.  That is
why the release date for new issues is 3 to 4 months, instead of 2 months
like the OCPP.  However, not all  articles have to be related to phreaking.  
We are experimenting with some new sections that will cater to our audience 
with topics other then phreaking.  If you feel that you have an article
that would be of interest to phreaks but it is about hacking, cyberculture,
etc, let us know and we will evaluate each article on an individual basis.
We are also looking for ways to compensate our writers for thier time and
effort in writing articles.  We will add a link to your webpage but
we may also start a page where we will post a banner or two of your choice.
Any other suggestions are also welcome.  



-Distribution Sites
Help us spread the magazine to a wider audience by becoming a 
distro site.  All you have to do is keep the issues on your website
with a link to them somewhere.  Not only will this help us reach more
people, but our readers will have another place to get the zine if
something happens to the site.  Email us before you set it up because we
need people to distribute the zine, past issues of the OCPP, and the 
FAQ too.  If you would like to distribute all 3, you will revcieve a special 
link on our page because your just such a nice person.  


-Network Links
The Phone Punx Network is more than just one webpage.  We hope to span
several webpages that will encompass member websites and distro sites.
To get a network link you must be a staff writer or be involved with the 
PPN in another way and have a website that is related to phreaking in some
way or another.  If you can't do that, become a distro site and provide
a link back to us.  A Phone Punx Network link graphic will be made soon
and must appear on the main page of the site (it won't be that big).


-Issue Updates
Issue updates will occur when the warrant.  To make sure you always have
the freshest issue of PPM, check the "last updated" date on the top of the issue.  
It is important that you always have the latest issue because we do screw up 
often and we are always fixing our mistakes.  To be notified of updates of the 
issues, join the mailing list.



-Mailing List
To stay up to date with the latest in the Phone Punx Network sign up for the 
mailing list.  You will be notified of the release of new issues, updates to past 
issues and other PPN news.  All email address are kept confidential.  Just send 
an email to ocpp@hotmail.com letting us know you'd like to subscribe.


-Links
Please update your OCPP links.  Change the name to Phone Punx Network and the 
URL to http://fly.to/ppn,  if you have a link to us on your page, let us know and we'll 
link you back.  


-Letters
We will print your letters.  If you would like to make a comment, ask a question, or 
whatever, send them in and we will publish them.  If you don't want your letter 
published, just let us know.  


-Contact
Our email address is phonepunx@yahoo.com 
To subscribe to the mailing list send an email to ocpp@hotmail.com


Copyright info is located at the end of the issue.























Intro
by Mohawk


	Two years since the release of the first issue of OCPP, we are back with a 
new name, look, purpose, writers, etc.  Change is good.  Where did we go, why the 
change, what the hell is the PPN/PPM?????  .  Well let's start from the begining.  
You might want to skip this whole paragraph if you don't want to read this
boring stuff but I do owe the readers an explanation.  I warn you, it's nothing 
exicting.  Around the time of the release of OCPP 10, I was thinking about changing 
the zine and the page to suit the ever changing needs and goals of our staff and our 
readers.  The zine grew into something I never thought posible.  It was just a 
little hobby thing by a couple of people but it wound up being a zine that had a pretty 
big readership (with no outside help) which many people look toward as a sign of 
authority, reference, help, etc.  I still can't believe it that people refered to us 
when they we're having problems with something or some people saying that we we're the 
best zine.  While some may or may not dispute that, it isn't our goal.  Those we're just 
people's opinions but it was still amazing to see that stuff.  So I wanted to change 
the format of the zine and the webpage.  Between changing the zine and the webpage, 
maintaining the FAQ, releasing a new issue, and all my real life activites I just 
couldn't handle it all and I didn't want to release a half-done issue.  Around 
that time, most of the page went down due to someone canceling thier account where we 
had most of our stuff.  Now on top of that all those other things I had to do, I had 
to put the page back up.  A few months after that, ml.org went out of business so 
almost all of our links were dead so we had almost no traffic coming to the site.  
Life just kept swamping me with things I had to do but a couple people reminded me
around the same time about the zine and I decided I had to get to work on it any 
chance I get.


	As I said before, we changed everything to keep up with the changing needs 
and goals with the zine and the readers.  This zine will be forever changing and 
we will be experimenting with new things.  Your input will greatly affect what does 
and does not go in the zine.  Let us know what you like, don't like, or would like to 
see in the zine.  This will still be a phreaking zine but we will also cover other 
topics such as cyber-culture, hacking, technology, and anything else that we feel 
our readers might enjoy.  We hope to focus on big phreaking projects so that is why 
the projected release date has been made every 3 to 4 months instead of every 2.


	The Phone Punx Network, or PPN is made of former OCPP members and other people 
that help us out in one way or another.  Some people are involved with writing the 
zine, distributing it, writing the FAQ, or anything else that helps us out.  By 
dividing up the work, we are able to bring you a better product.  The Phone Punx 
Magazine is the zine put out by the some of the members of the PPN.  Not all PPN 
members are involved in the zine.  All of this is still in it's early stages so this 
is all subject to change.  We are looking for people to get involved in the PPN, email 
us for more info.  Of course, we will always need articles and staff writers.  


	We hope that you enjoy the new format. Things will be changing constantly.  
We also need people to update thier OCPP links.  Change the name to Phone Punx 
Network and the URL to http://fly.to/ppn,  if you have a link to us on your page, 
let us know and we'll link you back.  Send us your comments, questions, and 
suggestions.  Also, this issue is a compilation of articles from the 10th issue of 
OCPP that never came out and new articles.  As we get established the quality and 
quanitity of the articles will increase.  
	
























~Seuss


Suess maintains the Alt.Phreaking FAQ, visit the webpage at:
http://members.tripod.com/~SeusslyOne/

Better Homes and Telephone Surveillance
by Seuss

Tapping Phones is old (and black) hat to many phone phreaks. Keeping
your tap undetected for a long period is another matter however. Some
taps are so poorly made or implemented that spy-shop 'tap detectors'
will pick them up. Below are a few suggestions on how to keep your
surveillance on the down-low a little longer by using techniques and
tools somewhat more advanced than a beigebox.

* Physical hiding

No matter how well designed or installed, if the person you're
monitoring sees your device, you're screwed. Hiding your tap might seem
obvious, but remember to be creative. If possible, don't hide the tap
on or anywhere near their property. Tracing their line down to a little
used wiring cabinet far away is an option. Secreting away your tap in a
pedestal terminal or wiring enclosure is easier, but runs the risk of a
telco employee finding it. A common solution among 'pros' is to set up
a dummy demarc box or other official looking cover for their tap
(Foraging in the back of company cherrypicker trucks or the Graybar
catalog are the best sources for these things). If you're setting up a
fake demarc or have enough time and privacy to mess with a real
enclosure, find the connection point for the pair you want to tap and
draw traces from them to the back of the circuit board or connector
block with metallic paint. Paint over your traces and no one is likely
to be the wiser. Large wiring cabinets have fat bundles of wire at the
bottom of the blocks, why not secret your device away in the middle of
it or split the monitored pair here? The Phone Book by M.L. Shannon has
some excellent ideas on hiding phone taps and bugs.

* Defeating sweep procedures

Balance tests:

Resistive balance tests are a standard step in phone sweeps.
Effectively a technician measures the resistance from each side of the
pair to an earth ground and looks for discrepancies, as series taps
generate a large imbalance. (Yes, I know that a proper tech would
likely run a more accurate stress balance test) After installing a
series device, run a balance test yourself and add a potentiometer or
a few resistors so the line is more or less perfectly balanced (within
10 ohms should do it). Make sure the total resistance doesn't go up too
far, and remember that the line needs to be disconnected at the CO to
measure resistance.

Tone Sweeps:

Is anyone still using harmonica bugs? I hope not, as these are some of
the easiest things for a TSCM tech (or for that matter anyone who can
dial a tone sweep) to defeat. *DO NOT* use cheap tone activated taps or
bugs. For those of you with a DIY bent, using a series of DTMF tones to
trigger a device would be a much better option. You'll want to make a
note that wardialers might set one of these off. To overcome the
possibility of someone activating the tap by dialing the phone, use A B
C D tones or start the code with something a customer usually doesn't
dial (like X11 codes that are out of use in your area).

Resistance and Capacitance checks:

The most obvious way to check for phone taps is to measure the
resistance of the line under the correct conditions. If the resistance
is much higher than it should be, there's likely something there.
Logical. BUT if the line contains a bridged tap or the cable is
(physically) wet, the resistance of the loop is altered. If your tap
resides on a line with such a flaw, anyone checking the line will
likely chalk the resistance discrepancies up to the bridged tap after
checking for AC faults. For those of you lacking the several thousand
dollars for a line analyzer to determine bridged taps etc. yourself,
call the phone company and ask about having 'your' line tested for ISDN
or DSL readiness. In order to qualify for high speed services a line
must have minimal amounts of bridged taps and no loading coils.

Time Domain Reflectometers:

These things are stock tools of the TSCM trade and the phone company. A
TDR can map out almost anything on a line (like your tap) if used
properly. It's unlikely that you'll have to worry about a TDR being
used to find a tap unless you attempt to surveil a big company or
government agency.  Hooking up your tap up behind a loading coil and/or
behind a bridge tap will help obfuscate it, but it can still be found
through near end/far end crosstalk analysis (its an even bigger pain in
the ass than it sounds).

* Tricks for sneakier taps

Coils and Hall-Effect transistors:

Using an induction coil (or electric guitar pickups...) around the pair
will make for a VERY hard to detect tap. There’s a debate about the
ability of even a good waveform TDR to find such connections. Hall
effect transistors give the same result, but with better audio.

Splits:

Split the pairs and make a sweeper miserable. Find a dead pair in the
same binder group as the pair that you want to monitor, and connect it
to the pair you want to tap tip to tip and ring to ring and put your
tap on that. Anyone finding it will likely chalk it up to an old
splice.

Series taps:

Install series taps as close as possible to the target telephone.
Putting a series imbalance (like the one caused by a tap or dropout
relay) in an area of high current (near the CO) creates a hum on the
line. This is an important point if you're intercepting data. Modem
users tend to notice when several kbps are chopped off their connect
speed overnight due to line noise.

Parallel taps:

Install parallel taps as far as possible from the subject phone.
Methods of sweeping using o-scopes in conjunction with a tone sweep are
less and less effective the farther away the device is. 

DATUs:

Using the audio monitor of a DATU would be the greatest way to monitor
a phone, but to the best of my knowledge no one has done it yet. Due to
the problem of how the signal is inverted, it’s quite possible that it
can't just be reinverted into clear speech. If someone finds out,
please drop me a line.















Paper chase
by Seuss

I've noticed most phone phreaks are rather disorganized. I, quite 
frankly, don't give a damn about the state of other people's living 
spaces; until someone loses a manual or document of MINE in their 
tide of crap. If the idea of pissing off your compatriots doesn't 
bother you terribly, what about rooting through your stuff struggling 
to burn credit card receipts after you're tipped off that the feds 
are preparing to come a'knocking.

Before you start overhauling all your paperwork it's important to 
distinguish between notes and archives. Your notes should be in a 
small, unobtrusive notebook. In here you should have the dialups, 
passwords, et. al that you use on a constant basis. Archives are 
your reference library; things that you don't need at your side 
24/7. Archives can be squirreled away with minimum 
inconvenience.

Keep your archives together. A filing box is ideal if you have a slew 
of loose stuff. Accordion folders are great for smaller collections. 
If you go trashing a lot get a heavy cardboard box too so you can throw 
your unsorted papers somewhere. Make an effort to empty and sort it 
regularly. Locking up your documents might be a good idea if you have 
nosy siblings/roommates/parents. Remember to keep a spare key somewhere 
in case your first is lost, or you want someone else to open your files 
in an emergency. Note: cover plates for light switches make ideal 
places to hide keys.

Be picky about what you keep in your archives. Credit card receipts, 
cellphone contracts and other incriminating documents should have the 
important parts transcribed and the originals be disposed of ASAP.

If you want to get rid of something do it right and destroy it. I 
don't care what claims pen companies make about "indelible" ink, 
lighter fluid or WD-40 has dissolved every ink I've ever run 
across. Most phone phreaks are broke, so buying a shredder is 
usually out of the question. For those of you with greater resources 
try to spring for a cross shredder, as it reduces paper to 
confetti. Burning docs is cheap, effective as anything, and can 
usually be done quickly. Having a special furnace or burn box for 
emergency burning is the best idea. Remember that grinding ash to 
powder also helps, and that many plastics generate toxic fumes.

Digital documents require different handling, but allow you to show 
off more of your cleverness more in hiding them. No matter what, you 
must ENCRYPT YOUR FILES!!! From here you can interlace your docs 
into .gif or .jpg files, insert them into program as comments in 
the code (I have a copy of my phone directory in a copy of PGP I 
compiled myself), or post them on webservers as undisplayed files 
(especially handy in case of formats, crashes, beer spills, 
etc). Remember not to hide files on your k-rad phreaking page, put up 
an innocuous front.

I've accumulated ALOT of stuff in my time, and a lot of it I keep 
on tape. After a minute of so of music have recordings of you 
reading off dialups, passwords, notes, or whatever else you might 
have. If you have a passion for older computers, many of them held 
data on audio tape.....

























~Security Breach
Maniac
Read back issues of Security Breach on the PPN zine archive.



NOKIA 2160 NAM PROGRAMMING INFO 
by Maniac



1. NOKIA 2160 NAM PROGRAMMING INFO 

(Maniac note: this is verbatim from the the original sheet. I can probably scan the 
original sheet for those who are interested. It has some display pictures on it, 
which I can't include in text.) 



NOKIA MOBILE PHONES, INC. 
FOR AUTHORIZED DEALER USE ONLY 
NOKIA 2160 SERIES CELLULAR TELEPHONE 
NAM PROGRAMMING INSTRUCTIONS 



All Nokia 2160 cellular telephones are capable of supporting authentication.  The 
programmer must decide which form of A-Key is desired for use. The two options are 
either RANDOM or DEFAULT A-Key. If the RANDOM key is desired for use, use the quick 
NAM programming sequence. If a DEFAULT A-Key is desired, then the complete NAM 
programming method is used to program NAM location number 2. The clear key can be 
used to correct mistakes.



MENU DRIVEN EASY NAM PROGRAMMING FOR THE NOKIA 2160 P2/EFR HANDPORTABLES

USE FOR A RANDOM A-KEY

1. Turn on the phone and enter programming access code (*#639#)

2. Enter the 10 digit area code and phone number and press the 'send' key (or the 'OK' 
soft key in display) 

3. Enter system ID code (SID) supplied by cellular service provider (1-5 digit SID) and 
press the 'send' (or 'OK' ) key. 

*Optional settings are language and lock code (see below) 

*Programming is completed 

*Phone automatically powers off then back on NOTE: Change the lock code by adding a 
pound sign and a new lock code after the SID. (Example: 175#7788 ; Lock code = 7788). 
Change the language by adding a pound sign and a new language code after the code 
(Example: 175#0 ; Language = English). Language code: 0 (default) = English, 1 = 
French, 2 = Spanish, 3 = Portuguese Change the lock code and language code by 
separating each set of numbers by a pound sign (Example: 175#7788#2 ; where the 
SID = 00175, Lock code = 7788,Language = Spanish).


COMPLETE NAM PROGRAMMING INSTRUCTIONS

USE FOR DEFAULT A-KEY 

ACCESS NAM PROGRAMMING MODE: 

1.Turn the phone on. 

2.Enter the NAM access code. Factory default is: *3001#12345[MENU] 

3.If the screen to the right appears, you have entered the access code correctly.

(Maniac note: screen to the right looks like this: see below 

Field Test 
NAM 1 
NAM 2

If it does this you're in luck) 

If after several attempts you cannot access NAM programming, it is possible  that the 
access code has been changed, or the phone is in need of service.  


MAIN MENU SELECTION

 4. Press the [Scroll-Key] up or down until the indicator points at the desired menu 
option. Select from the following: 


NAM  1        NAM 2          NAM 3        Security         Emergency 

SW version     Serial No.    Programmed       Field Test 



5.Press the [Select] soft key to access the Sub-Menu from and of the above Main 
Menu selections.  


PROGRAMMING NAM's 1 THROUGH 3 

6. Press the [Scroll-Key] to scroll through the selected NAM parameter list.  An 
optional personalized wake-up message can be programmed during the "Own Number" 
sequence by pressing the [ABC] key and entering the text. 


7. If the value is incorrect, press the [Select] soft key and use the numeric keypad to make 
any changes. 




HOME SYSTEM ID           HOME SOC                 OWN NUMBER 

PSID/RSID LISTS(Note 1)     DEFAULT SETTINGS 
                 "DEFAULT SETTINGS"            

NAM STATUS   (Enable/Dis)                     ACCESS METHOD 
LOCAL OPTION                 PRIMARY PAGING CH 
DEDICATED A CCH                 DEDICATED A NUMBER 
DEDICATED B CCH                 DEDICATED B NBR 
OVERLAOAD CLASS                 GROUP ID 
SID ALPHA TAG CNTRL                 A-KEY CODE 
PUBLIC SYSTEMS                 PRIVATE SYSTEMS 
RESIDENTIAL SYSTEMS 



8. Use the [OK] soft key to store the new information that has been entered. 

9. Repeat steps 6 through 8 for the remaining NAM parameter options to be viewed and/or 
changed. 

10. To program other NAMs, press [Quit] to return to the Main Menu. Select NAM 2 or NAM 3. 
Once the Home System ID and Own Number are programmed, the phone will automatically set 
the NAM Status to enabled. 


PROGRAMMING THE SECURITY CODE: 

11. From the Main Menu, use the scroll keys to select the "Security" Sub-Menu, then press 
[Select] and the current 5-digit security code will be displayed. The default value is 12345. 

12. To change the Security Code at this time, use the numeric keys to enter the new value. 

13. Press the soft key [OK] to store changes. Note: The Lock Code will be automatically 
changed to the last 4 digits of the new security code. 


PROGRAMMING EMERGENCY NUMBERS: 

14. From the Main Menu use the scroll key to select the "Emergency" Sub-Menu, press the 
[Select] soft key to access the emergency numbers. 
EMERGENCY NUMBER 1 (911) 
EMERGENCY NUMBER 2 (*911) 
EMERGENCY NUMBER 3 (None) 

15. To change the current value, use the scroll key to select the desired field and 
press [Select]. Use numeric keys to enter new values. 

16. To save the value, press the soft key [OK]. Press [Quit] to exit the menu. 
SERIAL NUMBER (ESN): 

17. From the Main Menu, use the scroll key to display the "Serial No." or ESN of the phone. 
Press [Quit] to exit the menu 

PROGRAMMED: (DATE THE PHONE IS FIRST PROGRAMMED) 

18. From the Main Menu, use the scroll key to display the "Programmed" menu 

19. Press [Select] and enter a four-digit number that corresponds to the month and year the 
phone is sold. Example (mmyy) 0197 = January 1997, 0996 = September 1996. 

NOTE: This menu location can be programmed only one time. Once the date has been 
entered it cannot be changed. Any attempt to enter the menu once it has been programmed 
will receive a short beep and the message "DATE ALREADY STORED". EXITING NAM 
PROGRAMMING: 

20. To exit the NAM programming mode, turn the phone off and leave it off for five seconds. 

DEFAULT CODES: 
Lock Code = 1234, Security Code = 12345 
System Acquisition; Public/PSID/RSID Access Code = 123456. 



FIELD TEST: 

The FIELD TEST MODE is used to investigate how the phone is reacting to the cellular 
system. The FIELD TEST information covers signal strength, battery charging status, 
cellular state and encryption status. The information is designed to display information 
relating to Analog Control Channels, Digital Control Channels, Analog Voice Channels, 
and Digital Voice Channels. All the information provided in the FIELD TEST display is in 
accordance with IS-136. 

To activate the FIELD TEST mode you must be in NAM programming. Instructions for 
entering NAM programming are on the opposite side of this page.
 
(Maniac note: In this case, opposite side means see above). 

Use the following steps to enable the FIELD TEST mode. 

From the Main Menu use the scroll key to display the "FIELD TEST" menu and press the 
[Select] soft key. Use the scroll key to select Enable and press the soft key [OK]. A second 
option is available to enable the field test display with back lighting constantly illuminated
while connected to a car kit. 

Turn the 2160 off then back on. Once the power up self-test is complete, the FIELD TEST 
display will begin automatically. Scroll through the different displays using the scroll key. 

To disable the FIELD TEST mode, return to NAM programming and disable the function 
under the FIELD TEST menu. 


PROGRAMMING PSIDS AND RSIDS: 

The Nokia 2160 provides the option to program Private (PSIDs) and Residential  (RSIDs) 
System ID's as prescribed by IS-136. The PSID/RSID list is programmed to support 
system selection/re-selection processes and SID display functions.  The Nokia 2160 P2
product will support up to 15 different Private or Residential Systems. These instructions 
allow a person to program 5 of the 15available locations. The other 10 locations are 
reserved to ensure available locations for automatic programming. Using the NAM 
programming menu to program the PSID/RSID is just one of the several ways that this 
information can be programmed. The phone also supports automatic programming of the
PSID/RSID values via registration accept message from a Public & Private system, manually 
prompting with System Scan Sub-Menu option New Search, or via Over the Air 
Programming. Follow these instructions to program the PSID/RSID lists 

1. Enter the NAM programming menu and select NAM 1 (or desired NAM). 

(Note: PSID/RSID is currently only available in the NAM 1 location. PSID is included in 
NAM 2 and 3 for future use.) 

2. Use the scroll key to display "PSID/RSID LISTS" and press [Select]. 

3. Use the scroll key to select the P/RSID 1 or the desired P/RSID (1 through5). 
Press the [Select] soft key. 

4. Each list contains: 

SYSTEM TYPE: 
Select Private or Residential system type. 

PSID/RSID: System ID of the Private or Residential system. Indicates which 
PSID/RSID the mobile will respond to. 

CONECTED SYSTEM ID: Connected System ID. The SID that the PSID/RSID is 
connected to. 

ALPHA TAG: The name of the Private or Residential SID that will be displayed 
when the phone uses the PSID/RSID. 

OPERATOR CODE: (SOC) This is the System Operator Code. 
US-AWS=001, 
Canada-Rogers CantelInc.=002, 
Bell South Cellular=003, 
Southwestern Bell Mobile Systems=004,
Vanguard=007, Century Cellunet=008, 
Pacific Telecom Cellular=009, 
Midwest Wireless Communications=010, 
Rural Cellular Corporation=011, 
Cellular Mobile Systems of St. Cloud=012, 
Palmer Wireless Inc.=014 

COUNTRY CODE: Enter the Country Code of the PSID/RSID. 

PUBLIC SERVICE PROFILES: Contains up to 4-channel and color code values for 
each private or residential system. This information is necessary to initiate scanning 
for the Private or Residential System. 

PRIVATE OPER. FREQUENCIES: Enter the actual channel number(s) that the private 
system uses. Up to 4channels per PSID/RSID are allowed.



---------END----------

Unfortunately, I don't own this model of phone, so I couldn't test any of this information. 
But it's straight off the manufacturer's sheet, so it should all be correct. I did have to fix 
a few typos though...Maniac


























Scamming 
by nothingg




Six Flags Great Adventure:

	Well now right away don't be distracted by the fact that I put 
Great Adventure.  For all I know these could work at ANY theme park, 
but I FOR SURE know they will work at Six Flags Parks, and I have 
experience at Great Adventure.

1. Employee Notice
2. Ok, so how do I get in?! I'm broke!!!
3. Whew! It's hot! I need a drink, but I'm still broke!!!
4. Ai-ite, it's night, but now I'm hungry, and still broke!!!
5. Hey check out this laser tag game, however, I'm broke!!!
6. How would I go about changing my monetary status?
7. I need to go home, but my redbox's all wet and I have no change!!!

1. Well, if you work there, like I no longer do (I quit) DON'T BE A
FOOL! Don't even attempt to steal money and watch it while sneaking 
a pretzel or churro or funnel cake, They're watching.  By they I mean 
the Loss Prevention Department.  They're high tech bastards.  Ok, ever 
see on TV those tiny pencil point type cameras?  Oh yeah, they use 
those, ALOT of them, and they don't just monitor, they RECORD.  I've 
seen too many friends go down like this.  Stealing money WILL get you 
caught.  By the way, don't pull ANY of these Six Flags scams
if you work there or plan to work there, many employees will 
recognize you and report you.  This is a precaution, do what you 
want, but as a FINAL warning, PLEASE be careful, and ALWAYS remember, 
you leave footprints wherever you walk, COVER THEM GOOD!

2. On to the goods.  You're standing outside the gate.  You do 
NOT have a ticket.  How the hell are you going to get in?!  Well, 
ALAS, there is only one way I know of.  Great adventure uses a stamp 
that can barely be seen as a yellow stamp, but glows in the black 
light.  Now many of us have this stupid SpyTech inkpad which can 
only be seen in the dark. If you have that you're so set, smear 
some on your left hand and walk into the re-enter gate.  If they ask
questions get REALLY bitchy and say you aren't a slob and you wash 
your hands, it seems to be smeared, anyhow, bitch until you get in, 
whatever you do DON'T GIVE UP.  That's how you get caught.  Well, in  
the case that you have NO IDEA what SpyTech is cuz you weren't an 
eleet little kiddo like I was, you're not out of luck!  As long as 
someone in your party, preferably a clean someone, has a season pass 
or a ticket.  In this case, let them go in, then they should come
out and get their hand stamped.  Next they should find a secluded 
place to meet you. Now comes the cool part, Lick your hand, get it 
really wet (you could always use the water fountain, but saliva 
ALWAYS seems to work better).  Smack your left hands' together 
until the saliva/water forms an airtight seal, and PRESTO! you 
are both stamped!  Now, don't be an idiot and come in at the same
time as your friend, people may get suspicious.

3. Ok, so now you're hot, thirsty, and broke, right?  Get over it, 
go to the water fountain!  Haha, just kidding.  Now the only choice 
is do you want soda or water?  Water is the easy one, go up to a stand 
with a soda fountain and say, can I have some icewater, but none of 
that expensive poland spring shit.  Now, soda's a little trickier.  
You'll have to be with another person for best results.  Go up to a 
stand with a fountain and say, my friend and I both want
some water, can we have it in a big cup so we can share it? Now cups 
aren't counted so they'll usually be happy to oblige, and if they 
aren't...BITCH! The customer is #1 all the time, they'll give it to 
you.  Now, I know what you're thinking, now I just have a big water 
idiot!  Well, spill it out, or drink it if you so desire.  Go up to 
another stand that has a fountain (out of sight from the first> and 
say that you spilled your soda/juice.  They'll give you a new
one, company policy, and even if they don't believe you, just act 
cool and don't worry, they'll do it, it's company policy.

4. Hungry eh? Well you have a few options here.  You can get 
anything for free, no problem.  Lets start small:  fries.  Make 
sure you know exactly what you want. Lets say you want fries and a 
burger.  Go to a place that has MANY ordering windows.  Go up to one 
and say you dropped your burger and fries, but make sure you remember
EXACTLY what you told them you dropped.  They should give it to you
no problem, and if they don't, you guessed it, BITCH.  Now if they 
ask you WHERE you dropped it, just say oh, over by the (insert ride 
name here), some asshole bumped into me, he didn't even apologize 
(go on until they're sick of you're little spontaneous story) and 
they'll give it to you.  Now, if you want to risk getting thrown out 
of the park, go for the biggs.  There are two big places in the park
to go to: the grill and the pizza place.  Now, lets say you want a 
4 person order of ribs, which comes to like $40.  Now that's a scam, 
so take your time and stalk the restaurant.  Wait until you see one 
of the cashiers get replaced and when the supervisor who 
accompanied them leaves, and get on their line.  If for
some reason you get on the line of a cashier who's been around, abort. 
Now once you get in this person's line and remember your order good 
<ie. 4 orders of ribs and 4 cokes> and come up with an exact place 
where you "dropped it" and a BIG story, and STAY calm while keeping 
in mind, it IS company policy to replace dropped food.  Tell the 
cashier what you dropped where you dropped it and your sob story.  
Now, first thing they'll ask you is, do you have you're receipt?  Of
course you don't so search your pockets and after pulling out no 
receipt say that it must have been on one of the trays.  Now the 
next question they'll ask is where you dropped it so they can get 
someone to (wink)(wink) clean it up. A.K.A. check out if you really 
dropped it.  Your response must be immediate and sound something 
like: well when I dropped it these grounds guys wearing green
clothes said they'd clean it up for me and told me that I could get a
replacement.  This should get you either food or a manager. If 
you get a manager, retell the SAME story and they'll probably 
ask you to sign something which you should proceed to do with 
a false name. If none of this works walk away cursing under your 
breath loud enough for them to hear you and loudly say,
I am going to complain, and I'm never coming back to great 
adventure again (loud enough to get everyone in the 
restaurant's attention). If this STILL doesn't work, then you're 
out of luck, keep walking.  

5.  Well, if you've never played laser tag, definitely pull this 
one off.  All you have to do is pay for a game, play it, and there's 
a big timer at the top, when it gets down to the last minute, scream 
for the attendant and act VERY frustrated with your laser.  Tell him 
it doesn't work and it hasn't worked since the game started, act really 
bitchy and shake the laser.  When he tries it say "See, see!!!" He'll 
say that it's working perfectly.  But you must claim that it isn't.  
By now the game should be over, and you've had your 14 minutes.  Now
bitch to the attendant at the desk and he'll either give you a 
refund or a free game, and if you don't want the free game, bitch 
until you get a refund!

6. No money? Need money to play Area 51 at the arcade and try to 
beat me but I am #1 (NIN) anyhow, perhaps you want to win a souvenir 
for you're girlfriend.  These are too risky to scam, so here's what 
you do.  Walk around the park, find 2 arcades and 2 soda machines, 
the expensive bottle ones.  Now tell the attendant you stuck a dollar 
in the change machine and no change came out, tell them you stuck 2 
dollars into the soda machine but the light blinked and NO soda came
out, and you pushed ALL of the buttons, you should come out with 
around 6 bucks, more than you had before.  This is a fairly well 
known trick, but whatever you do, do not claim to have put a $5 in 
because they open the machine and look at the last 3 bills, and if 
none of them are $5's, they warn the park about a possible scammer 
and you're screwed out of ANY type of scamming.

7. Now this one is kind-of Great Adventure specific.  There is a 
giant chair that morons pay like $10 to get their picture taken in.  
At night the chair is closed due to lack of light.  BEHIND the chair 
is a phone. Since you're a Phreakish Punk, pick it up dial 9, your 
area code and your number.  And nobody will notice, because you are 
behind a GIANT chair!  Anywhere else, just look for 
a phone with nobody around and use it, be careful though.

Thanks for putting up with my typos and I hope this has taught 
you a bit about scamming Six Flags to death, but wait!  There's 
more, non-six flags scams!


Ok, here's the generic scam section.

1. I'm at the movies, but drinks are $3, help me!
2. Mall + Broke + Hungry = scam!
3. Final Note (Springer)

1. Well here's the deal, go over to a garbage can and pull out a cup.  
Most movie theaters offer free refills.  Take a key or any sharp object 
and poke a tiny hole in the bottom of the cup.  Now splash some water 
on your shirt in the bathroom or at the water fountain.  Bring the cup 
to the attendant and say I'd like a refill of (insert beverage here) 
but my cup has a leak man, can I get a new one?  They'll give you a 
new one, with unlimited refills of course.  

2. Ok, so you have the situation set up what are you going to do? 
Well, all these Chinese places are willing to give out samples and 
so is roli boli.  Pass by those places and pick up some samples.  
Now put a hat on and get some more.  Next it's time for desert.  Go 
over to McDonalds and say can I have a free sample of ice cream.  
They'll give it to you, in a nifty little cone too.

3. Well as my final note, I'd like to say that neither nothingg (me) 
or the PPN or the Twisted Nickel endorse using any of these methods 
to rip off evil domineering companies nor to we encourage using these 
methods.  I am merely pointing out the many flaws in a system thought 
to be perfect.

~ nothingg

Please send any questions to n0thingg@hotmail.com





























Beating Caller ID
by The Fixer
v.1.03 

(C) 1998 The Fixer's Tech Room

For free distribution - you may freely repost & distribute this but not
for profit without permission of the author.  See further restrictions
at the end of this file.


             To start off with - 12 Ways to beat Caller ID

(0) This doesn't count as a way to beat CID, but there's a general
    principle to consider when contemplating ways to beat CID.
    Generally, the CID signal your target sees corresponds to the owner
    of the dial tone you call him from.  If you call direct, you dial
    from your own dial tone and your line is identified.  If you call a
    third party, and by whatever means manage to acquire his dial tone,
    and from there dial out, it is the number associated with that
    second dial tone that your target sees.  Some of the ideas following
    this were developed with this basic idea in mind.

(0.5) This also doesn't count, but remember that beating Caller ID as
    such is only the first layer of your protection.  If your calling is
    sufficiently annoying or criminal, there is *always* a paper trail
    (ANI data, billing data, trouble reports, *57 traces, etc) leading
    back to the phone you first called from.  That trail is not always
    easy or worthwhile to track you down with.  Whether or not the trail
    is followed depends entirely upon how pissed off your target is and
    how much co-operation he can get from the phone company, law
    enforcement, etc.

(1) Use *67.   It will cause the called party's Caller ID unit to
    display "Private" or "Blocked" or "Unavailable" depending on the
    manufacturer. It is probably already available on your line, and if
    it isn't, your local phone company will (most likely - please ask
    them) set it up for free.  This is the simplest method, it's 100
    percent legal, and it works.

(2) Use a pay phone.  Not very convenient, costs 25 or 35 cents
    depending, but it cannot be traced back to your house in any way,
    not even by *57.  Not even if the person who you call has Mulder and
    Scully hanging over your shoulder trying to get an FBI trace (sic).
    Janet Reno himself couldn't subpoena your identity.  It's not your
    phone, not your problem, AND it will get past "block the blocker"
    services.  So it's not a totally useless suggestion, even if you
    have already thought of it.

(3) Go through an operator.  This is a more expensive way of doing it
    ($1.25-$2.00 per call), you can still be traced, and the person
    you're calling WILL be suspicious when the operator first asks for
    them, if you have already tried other Caller ID suppression methods
    on them.

(4) Use a prepaid calling card.  This costs whatever the per-minute
    charge on the card is, as they don't recognize local calls.  A lot
    of private investigators use these.  A *57 trace will fail but you
    could still be tracked down with an intensive investigation (read:
    subpoena the card company).  The Caller ID will show the outdial
    number of the Card issuer.

(5) Go through a PBX or WATS extender.  Getting a dial tone on a PBX is
    fairly easy to social engineer, but beyond the scope of this file.
    This is a well-known and well-loved way of charging phone calls to
    someone else but it can also be used to hide your identity from a
    Caller ID box, since the PBX's number is what appears.  You can even
    appear to be in a different city if the PBX you are using is!  This
    isn't very legal at all.  But, if you have the talent, use it!

(6) I don't have proof of this, but I *think* that a teleconference
    (Alliance teleconferencing, etc.) that lets you call out to the
    participants will not send your number in Caller ID.  In other
    words, I am pretty sure the dial tone is not your own.

(7) Speaking of dial tones which aren't yours, if you are lucky enough
    to live in an area with the GTD5 diverter bug, you can use that to
    get someone else's dial tone and from thence their identity.

(8) Still on the subject of dial tones that aren't your own, you can 
    get the same protection as with a payphone, but at greater risk,
    if you use someone else's line - either by just asking to use the
    phone (if they'll co-operate after they hear what you're calling 
    about) or by the use of a Beige Box, a hardware diverter or bridge 
    such as a Gold Box, or some other technical marvel.

(9) This won't work with an intelligent human on the other end, it
    leaves you exposed if the called party has a regular Caller ID box
    with memory, and has many other technical problems which make it
    tricky at best and unworkable for all but experts.  A second Caller
    ID data stream, transmitted from your line after the audio circuit
    is complete, will overwrite the true data stream sent by the telco
    during the ringing.  If the line you are calling is a BBS, a VMB, or
    some other automated system using a serial port Caller ID and
    software, then you can place your call using *67 first, and then
    immediately after the other end picks up, send the fake stream.  The
    second stream is what the Caller ID software processes, and you are
    allowed in.  See the technical FAQs below for an idea of the
    problems behind this method; many can be solved.

(10) Someone in alt.2600 (using a stolen AOL account, so I can't credit
    him or her properly) suggested going through 10321 (now 10-10-321)
    or 10288.  Apparently using a 10xxx even for a local call causes
    "Out of Area" to show up on the Caller ID display.  I live in Canada
    where we don't have 10xxx dialing so I can't verify nor disprove
    this.

(11) There are 1-900 lines you can call that are designed to circumvent
    Caller ID, ANI, traces, everything.  These services are *very*
    expensive, some as high as $5.00 a minute, but they include long
    distance charges.  This was first published in 1990 in 2600
    magazine, and in 1993 the IIRG reported that 1-900-STOPPER still
    works.  Beware - even if you get a busy signal or no answer, you
    will get charged at 1-900 rates!  Another one published in 2600 in
    1990: 1-900-RUN-WELL.  That one supposedly allows international
    calls.  I'm not about to call either one to find out.  Note that you
    could still be caught if the operators of these services were to be
    subpoenaed.

(12) Use an analog cellular phone.  Most providers of plain old analog
    service show up on Caller ID as "Private" or "Out of Area" or a main
    switchboard number for the cell network.  This is becoming less and
    less true as cellular providers move to digital cellular and PCS,
    which pass the phone's number on Caller ID.  Corollary: Rent a
    cellphone by the day.  This might even be cheaper than using a
    prepaid phone card.




                          How Caller ID Works

Caller ID is a data stream sent by the Phone Company to your line
between the first and second ring.  The data stream conforms to Bell
202, which is a 1200 baud half-duplex FSK modulation.  That is why
serial Caller ID boxes run at 1200 baud.

The data stream itself is pretty straightforward.  Here's an example:

UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU€'^D 032415122503806467x

The first thing of note is the 30 U's.  Those are actually sync pulses.
A "U" is 55 hex, or 01010101 binary.  This is called the "Channel
Seizure Signal."

After that comes 130 milliseconds of 1200 Hz (the Bell 202 "mark"
frequency) which usually shows up in the datastream as a character or
two of garbage.

That is followed by the "message type word", which is 04 hex for
standard Caller ID, 07 hex for Name & Number.  A word, by the way, is 8
bits for our purposes.

That is followed by the "message length word" which tells us how many
bytes follow.

The next four bytes are the date, in ASCII.  In the example above, the
date is 0324, or March 24th.

The next four bytes after the date are the time, also in ASCII.  In the
example, the time is 1512, or 3:12pm.

The next 10 digits is the phone number that is calling.  In the
example, the phone number is 250-380-6467.  The number is also in ASCII
and doesn't contain the hyphens.  Some phone companies will leave out
the area code and only transmit 7 digits for a local call, others will
always send the area code as well.

If this were a name-and-number Caller ID data stream, the number would
be followed by a delimiter (01h) and another message length byte to
indicate the number of bytes in the name.  This would be followed by the
name itself, in ASCII.

If this call originated from an area that doesn't support Caller ID,
then instead of the phone number, a capital "O" is transmitted (4F hex).

If the call was marked "private" as a result of the caller using *67 or
having a permanent call blocking service, then instead of the phone
number, a capital "P" (50 hex) would be sent.

The very last byte of the data stream is a checksum.  This is calculated
by adding the value of all the other bytes in the data message (the
message type, length, number and name data, and any delimiters) and
taking the two's complement of the low byte of the result (in other
words, the two's complement of the modulo-256 simple checksum of the CID
data).



                          Some Technical FAQ's


Q: When I block Caller ID with *67, does it send my number anyway and
   just set a "private bit" so that the other person's Caller ID Display
   unit won't display it?

A: No.  The person you're calling doesn't get your phone number anywhere
   in his data stream if you block your call that way.  All he/she gets
   is "P" and the date/time of the call.

   I would like to refer to an experiment I performed in March, 1998
   with a Serial Port Caller ID, which delivers the raw data stream to a
   PC for software interpretation.  The following Usenet message (edited
   for this file) is the report I published on that experiment:

        Newsgroups: alt.2600
        From: The Fixer <fixer@bc1.com>
        Date: Tue, 24 Mar 98 16:12:58 -0800
        Subject: Caller ID and *67 - The Facts

        OK, it's time to shovel the bullshit that is piling up in this
        newsgroup about Caller ID.

        A few people are saying that when you block your Caller ID with
        *67, the switch sends your number anyway along with a so-called
        "private bit" that tells the Caller ID display unit to suppress
        display of the number.

        In order to squelch those who'd rather flame back with "show me
        proof" than just read a FAQ, here is the proof.  These are
        actual raw data captures from a Bell 202 demodulator (better
        known as a serial port Caller ID) which I captured myself today.
        They prove conclusively that the "Private Bit" is a myth.

        Here is what I got in my raw data stream when I called my voice
        line from one of my BBS lines (which is unlisted, hence the
        PRIVATE string in the name field):

        UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU€'^A^H03241512^A2503806467^G^OPRIVATE        x

        This is what I got when I did the same thing with *67:

        UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU€^P^A^H03241512^D^AO^H^AP(ÿ

        The number I was calling from was 250-380-6467.  That string is
        clearly displayed in the first (non *67) call.  In the number
        field of the second call, only the letter "O" is transmitted.
        In the name field, only the letter "P" is transmitted.

        In both calls, the date and time (03/24, 15:12) is transmitted,
        but transmission of the calling telephone number is suppressed
        in the second call.  There is no "private flag" suppressing
        display of the number by the display unit; the calling number is
        not transmitted at all!

        For those of you unfamiliar with the CID raw data stream, the
        U's are actually sync pulses (an ASCII "U" is 01010101 binary).
        The control characters are field delimiters.  The first 8-digit
        number is the date and time in MMDDHHSS format.  The second
        number in the first call is the phone number, in NPANXXXXXX
        format.  That is followed by the name (for those of us with name
        & number CID).  The ^O (0Fh) just before the name indicates how
        many characters are in the name - in this case "PRIVATE" is
        padded out with 8 spaces (20h) to make 15 characters.  At the
        very end is an 8-bit checksum.

   Believe me, if I were wrong about this, there would be a huge
   marketing frenzy to sell "*67 proof Caller ID boxes" and I would be
   making a fortune selling my Serial Caller ID software, which works
   directly with the data streams illustrated above!


Q: Can't I just send noise down the line to scramble the Caller ID
   signal between the rings?

A: No.  Your phone line doesn't generate the Caller ID signal.  It is
   made by the switch on your calling party's line, and the audio
   circuit between your line and his is not completed until after he
   picks up the phone.


Q: Do 1-800 numbers have Caller ID?  Can I hide my identity from them?

A: Some do have Caller ID, and the *67 block will work, but many more
   have real-time ANI - Automatic Number Identification.  This is an
   older technology which uses a separate line to deliver your number,
   and cannot be blocked.  And all 800 subscribers get a list of
   everyone who called them on their monthly bill, blocked or not.


Q: Can I hide my identity by sending a fake Caller ID signal down the
   line before they answer?

A: *Generally*, no.  The audio circuit between your phone line and their
   line is not completed until the other party picks up.  Once they do,
   they would hear your fake signal and know what you were doing...
   unless the person you're calling is very poorly informed or
   untrained.  Even so, most Caller ID devices have memory and so the
   person you're calling could just as easily scroll back through the
   box's memory and find your true number.

   Once upon a time, the phone system worked differently, and the audio
   circuit WAS connected even before the called party picked up.  A
   device called a "mute" or a "black box" was used to take advantage of
   this fact and allow anyone calling a line with a black box to do so
   toll-free.  If the system still worked that way (and there's no
   technical reason why it couldn't in these days of digital switching)
   then yes, it would be very feasible to send a fake Bell 202 data
   stream down the line; in fact you'd hear the real one every time you
   called someone with Caller ID and you'd get a really good feel for
   the timing involved.  But if it worked that way, then black boxes
   would also still work, and they don't.


Q: How about *69?  If I protect my call using *67, can they still call
   me back?

A: Not in 604/250 anyway, and probably not most places.

   Some interesting notes about this:  When *69 was first introduced
   here in 250, if you tried to *69 a blocked call, you would get a
   recording telling you that the number could not be announced.  And it
   would then offer to connect you anyway!  I guess it was business who
   asked for the change because that meant a telemarketer using *67
   would have people call back and their switchboard answer "Sleazebag
   Marketing, how can I help you?".  At that point the number was a
   white pages lookup away.  So BC Tel, and I would venture to guess its
   parent company GTE and many others, changed it so that *69 won't even
   call back.

   If you find in your area that you CAN call back with *69 to a *67
   protected number, you're a lucky sonofabitch!  Why is that?  Well,
   with the "old" working of *69, you may still be able to get the
   number of a blocked caller if you are (a) lucky and (b) patient. Take
   your phone off the hook until midnight (if it's a business) or early
   afternoon (if it's a person). THEN activate *69.  No incoming calls
   will have come into your line since it was off-hook, so your line's
   *69 last-call register will still have their phone number in it, and
   at those times you are far more likely to get an answering machine
   which may spill the beans as to who called you... clever huh?




                               Final Word


Caller ID can be worked around in so many ways that it really offers no
value to its subscribers.  I am not against the existence of Caller ID,
as I have been on the receiving end of harassing phone calls and slimy
telemarketers, all of whom I've been able to put in their place thanks
to this technology.  There's no doubt that Caller ID can help bring
those who deserve it to justice.  But at the same time, we all have the
right to privacy, and the option to not share your identity with someone
you're calling is, and always should be, available.

For this reason, I think that Caller ID should be available free on
every line as part of the basic service.  It's worth nothing anyway!

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

That's it.  This file may be updated as I receive more information.
Look for updates on my web site at

        http://techroom.base.org

or if that doesn't work,

        http://bc1.com/users/fixer

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

This file is a freely-distributable copyrighted work.  You may repost
this file free of charge without modifications, but no for-profit
distribution is allowed without prior arrangement with the author.

Two individuals who have stolen my work in the past are hereby
prohibited and enjoined from possessing or distributing this file:
Pinhead the Cenobite and Jolly Roger.  If you are either of these
individuals, you must delete this file from your system now.  If you are
not, you may not knowingly allow either of these individuals to receive
this file if it is in your power to prevent such reception.  Retention
of this file on your system or on any backup constitutes acceptance of
this term.

(C) Copyright 1998 The Fixer's Tech Room, a division of Whirlwind
    Software (British Columbia).  All rights reserved.

























~Lineside

LMOS/MLT CODES AND MEANINGS
assembled by  Lineside

   

         If you didn't know, LMOS stands for Loop Maintenance Operating 
system, and MLT is the mechanized Loop Test. The following are codes and 
their meanings for the BellSouth LMOS.  They may however be similar, the same
or totally different in other areas. Hopefully someone out there will put 
these to good use. 




OUTSIDE PLANT (04xx)

0400   Trouble not cleared
0401   Pair change
0402   Pair cut dead ahead
0403   Pair transposed
0407   Pair reconstructed
0408   Miscellaneous 
0409   Wrong pair assigned
0410   Cable
0412   Cable damage (non-telco)
0420   Non-accessible plant
0430   Accessible plant
0431   Accessible cross box/SAC etc
0440   Wire
0450   Lightwave/ fiber cable
0461   Repeater plug-in
0462   Apparatus case
0463   RT-common equipment circuit pack
0464   RT-POTS channel unit
0466   RT-Wiring/physical/etc
0467   RT-power
0468   Protection
0470   (DLC) Lockups and precaution measures
0480   Multi-channel and other loop electronics
0490   Air pressure systems


PUBLIC COMMUNICATION (02xx)

0200   Other station equipment standard
0210   Full money box
0220   Enclosure/support equipment
0230   Portable phone cart
0240   Coin and card set
0250   1F2 coin telephone
0260   RACTS/OMNI phone
0270   Collect call timing device (CCTD)
0280   AUGAT monitoring equipment
0290   SMART coin telephone


WIRE (03xx)

0300   Corporate com./ public wire
0340   Network interface
0350   Network terminating wire
0370   Protection
0381   Service drop wire buried/ permanent
0382   Service drop wire buried/ temporary
0383   Service drop wire buried/ cutover
0384   Service drop aerial


FOUND OK- IN (08xx)

0800   Found ok- in
0890   FOK- in for data base driven services
0891   FOK- in calling card service
0892   FOK- in automatic intercept system
0893   FOK- in Expanded 911 service (E911)
0895   FOK- in watch alert
0897   FOK- in 700 service
0898   FOK- in expanded 800 service
0899   FOK- in dial it


CAUSE CODES

100    Telephone company employee

200    Non-employee
210    Customer action
220    Other utility
222    Foreign worker
230    Motor vehicle
270    Telco master contractor
280    Petroleum/ chemical

300    Plant or equipment

400    Weather
410    Lightning

500    Miscellaneous

600    Unknown





Central Office (05xx)

0501     Dial up port
0502     Data port
0503     Packet switch
0504     Data link

0510     CO equipment
0511     Common equipment
0512     Linkage/network/grid
0514     Billing equipment
0515     Trunk
0516     Public service trunk
0517     Office conversation
0520     Translation
0521     Generic/par. work error
0522     Generic/par. document error

0525     Line work error
0526     Line document error
0527     Network work error
0528     Network document error
0529     Line work error CCSR

0530     Distribution frame
0531     MDF cross connection missing
0532     MDF cross connection broken
0533     MDF cross-connection work error

0540     Frame other
0541     MDF cable protector
0544     Terminal wire clipping/conn.

0550     Power
0551     DC power equipment
0552     AC power equipment
0553     Ringing plant
0554     Standby emergency power

0560     Misc. equipment
0562     Line testing equipment
0563     Concentrator
0564     Range extender
0565     Carrier system
0566     AMARC
0567     ISDN service

0568     SLC channel unit            
0569     SLC common circuit pack

0570     Special services equipment
0572     Wiring option
0573     Carrier channel
0574     Signaling

0581     Mechanized system failure
0582     Line translations unknown
0586     Signal transfer point (stp)
0587     Tandem office
0588     Switching system design

0590     Data base for data base driven services
0591     Calling card services (ccs)
0592     Automatic callback calling
0593     Enhanced 911 service
0594     Equal access
0595     Watch alert other
0596     TOUCHSTAR
0597     700 series services
0598     Expanded 800 service
0599     Dial-it service


























Field Techs and Wiretaps
by Lineside



 1......General information
 
 2......Wiretap check request
 
 3......Field tech inspection

 4......Wiretaps discovered during routine field inspections

 5......Other unlawful use of the companies service


1...General

     The purpose of this section is to specify the terms and 
conditions of assistance of the telephone company to law enforcement 
agencies engaged in, or about to be engaged in, wiretapping activities. 
Also the procedure for handling reports of the use of telephone 
facilities for bookmaking and dissemination of wagering information. 

	This practice is being revised to remove the Customer
Service Center and the Annoyance Call Center from the trouble report 
flow. Any call to the CSC reporting a wiretap or suspected wiretap
should be transferred to the Centralized Repair Service Attendant 
Bureau (CRSAB). 

	The security organization has the exclusive responsibility  
for acceptance of Federal or State Court orders written emergency 
certifications, which is required for a lawful wiretap. Any
request received for information or assistance in this regard shall 
be referred to immediately to the security organization.

	The security organization has complete responsibility for 
the direction of the company actions following the discovery of an 
actual or suspected wiretap. A follow-up procedure will be followed 
by security to ensure that all assistance provided by the company is 
terminated when the court order or emergency certification expires.

	Protection of the privacy of telephone communication is 
fundamental to the telephone business.  It is Bell policy to 
investigate and resolve any actual or suspected threat to the customers
privacy. In line with this policy, every reasonable effort will be 
made to resolve all customer complaints. However, it is unlawful for 
Bell personnel to disclose the existence of a lawful wiretap to the 
customer. Therefore, the following procedures must be observed 
strictly in processing customer requests for wiretap inspection or 
in reporting any wiretap device that may be found. 

	All company personnel who discover an actual or suspected 
wiretap device shall report the discovery through the lines of 
organization to security, without taking further action. In those 
instances where a trouble is caused by the wiretap device, it may 
be disconnected only after the security organization has been notified.


2...Wiretap Check Request

	The centralized repair service attendant bureau (CRSAB) 
shall have the responsibility for handling initial customer 
complaints concerning wiretaps or other illicit activities. The
RSA will take the report on any call received at the CRSAB 
concerning wiretaps or other illicit activities. This report will 
be taken as a Category 1. Customer Direct (CD). The CRSAB shall 
transmit all requests of this nature to the installation maintenance 
center (IMC). The handling code "WIRETAP" will be used to transmit 
this report. 
 
	The IMC should input additional auto screen rules to direct 
these type reports for manual screening. All personnel handling this 
type report will document findings utilizing the EST transaction 
in LMOS. This means, MA's will document the test and referral 
information.  SCC will document their findings, I&M will document 
their findings etc. Each action taken on this report must be 
documented accurately.

	The maintenance administration (MA) will perform trouble 
verification tests. If a wiretap exists, it may be indicated by the 
test results. It no trouble is indicated or a CO fault is indicated, 
the MA will refer the report to the switching control center (SCC) 
for further analysis. The SCC will assign the appropriate CO the
task of inspecting the office equipment for the suspected wiretap. 
The CO will inform the SCC of its findings during the inspection.
The SCC will close the report to the IMC. In those instances where 
the CO may locate  wiretap, it must not be disturbed. The technician 
must inform the manager who in turn will notify the security 
department. If after analysis has been completed by the SCC and 
the IMC a wiretap has not been found, it may be necessary to 
dispatch a field technician for a complete inspection.


3...Field Technician Inspection

	Reports involving suspected wiretaps should be dispatched on 
the same day on which they were received, when practicable. It is 
strongly recommended that a field manager accompany the technician 
during the inspection. 

	The technician will inspect only equipment/wiring that 
is owned/provided by Bell. Equipment/wiring that is provided by the 
customer or agent of the customer, will not be inspected. The 
customer will not be billed for the inspection of equipment/wiring 
provided by Bell. If the customer subscribes to a wire maintenance 
plan, the technician will inspect through the customers connection 
block. If the customer does not subscribe to a wire maintenance plan, 
the technician offer to inspect the wiring for time and material.

	If the inspection does not uncover an unlawful wiretap, the 
technician may advise the customer that no wiretap was found. When 
a wiretap, or what appears to be a wiretap is found, security 
must be notified immediately. Under no circumstances will any Bell 
personnel disclose or verify the existence of an actual or 
suspected wiretap to a customer. 

	If a wiretap is trouble inducing, security may direct the 
technician to correct the trouble or disconnect the device from the 
line. The security department shall notify the appropriate
law enforcement agency and shall determine if further action is 
required.

	After the trouble is cleared, the technician will close 
the report using established procedures.  The customer must be 
advised that the trouble is cleared, but the only statement that 
may be made about a wiretap device is "NO UNLAWFUL WIRETAP DEVICE 
WAS FOUND".


4...Wiretaps Discovered During Routine Field Operations

If a wiretap, or what appears to be a wiretap, is discovered as a 
result of routine field operations, where there has been no customer 
complaint or request for a wiretap inspection, security shall be 
notified immediately. Under no circumstances will Bell personnel, other 
than security or individuals acting under the express direction of 
security, disclose the existence of the actual or suspected wiretap 
to a customer.

 -If security determines that a wiretap discovered in this fashion 
is lawful, no report shall be made to the customer.

 -If security determines that a wiretap discovered in this fashion 
is unlawful, law enforcement and the customer shall be notified.


5...Other Unlawful Use of the Companies Service

If in the course of one's work an employee overhears a conversation 
or otherwise obtains information indicating that any services 
provided by Bell are being used for bookmaking or for the 
dissemination of wagering information or other unlawful 
purposes, all facts will be reported to the employee's immediate 
supervisor, or will notify security.

**** THERE IS NO VIOLATION OF SECRECY OF COMMUNICATIONS WHEN 
DURING THE NORMAL COURSE OF BUSINESS WITHOUT INTENT TO MONITOR 
FOR THE PURPOSE OF OBTAINING SUCH INFORMATION, AN EMPLOYEE
OVERHEARS A COVERSATION WHICH INDICATES UNLAWFUL USE OF 
TELEPHONE COMPANY FACILITIES AND REPORTS THE CONVERSATION TO 
HIS/HER SUPERVISOR. ****
 

 






























Controlled Environmental Vaults
by Tom Farley

Visit Tom Farley's website for more articles and past issues of Private Line
at http://www.privateline.com


I wrote about controlled environmental vaults in "private 
line" Number 7 (Volume 2, Number 4, July/August 1995). A C.E.V. is 
an underground structure that often houses telephone equipment . 
The one I went into and took pictures of for that issue's Outside 
Plant article housed a 5ESS. In effect, it is a small central office 
underground. These inconspicuous, buried buildings allow companies 
like RTC to distribute its switching capacity more equally around its 
serving area. Your only clue to a C.E.V.'s location is its top -- a four 
by four foot flat steel panel two or three feet off the ground, rising 
out of the earth like a green, squarish mushroom. 

It turns out that Roseville Telephone Company installed the 
first C.E.V. in California back in 1986. Here's a history of that vault, 
reprinted with permission, from Steve Chanecka's book, _The History 
of The Roseville Telephone Company_:

"'The company is looking at the serving area west of Antelope 
Road by using a controlled environmental vault which meets the 
concerns of nearby residents since it is aesthetically appealing. We 
will use it to house a remote switching unit which will serve this 
area. Plant from our central office to the 'CEV' will be fiber optics 
and from the remote location to the subscribers will use normal 
copper wire. Basically, this unit will serve the same function as a 
mini-substation, but will be underground and therefore does not 
detract from homes in the neighborhood.'

"Ned Kindelt explained the CEV in more detail in a late 1985 
article in _Line Chatter_. 'A CEV is a central office located 
underneath the ground. The equipment vault is 10 feet, six inches 
wide and 24 feet long, and will contain a remote unit in Citrus 
Heights for control. The remote switch unit will be wired for 4,608 
lines.' In addition, the CEV had air conditioning, a dehumidifier, an 
automatic sump pump and an alarm system.

"The use of CEVs was pioneered by Roseville Telephone in 
California. The state's first one was placed on Lichen Drive in Citrus 
Heights in late 1986. The engineering, splicing and installation was 
a long, arduous process, according to project director, splicer Jim 
Hood. He reported in the October 1986 _Line Chatter_
'Our first CEV is almost past history. This has been a very 
difficult project for many departments. This vault is powered from 
the Citrus Heights central office by our first fiber optic cable. Our 
second vault, already a work-day reality for some departments will 
be located on Antelope Road near the Foothill Christian Center. To 
say that this has been a learning experience is being tactful.'
"That first CEV may have been challenging but the concept was 
a lifesaver for Roseville Telephone. Faced with an aggressive 
expansion of residential housing in the Antelope area of Citrus 
Heights, the company's conduit capacity to run copper cable from its 
Citrus Heights central office under Interstate 80 was insufficient 
for the long term. Had there been no other option, the company would 
have faced costly construction to increase its underground conduit 
system.

"The CEV approach solved this. Rather than making the conduit 
system larger, the use of fiber optics resulted in the cable bundle 
running through the conduits being smaller in diameter. Thin, very 
high capacity fiber optics connected the central office and the CEV. 
The far thicker copper cable ran from the CEV to the customer. Fiber 
optics enabled much more information to be transmitted through a 
much smaller bundle of wires. Leon Bower, director of outside plant 
engineering, explained to fellow employees why CEVs and fiber 
optics made sense in the fall of 1985:

'If you read local papers, you are aware that the area roughly 
north of Antelope Road, between the railroad and Watt Avenue in 
Sacramento County, is about to be developed. They are projecting 
between 13,000 and 14,000 new homes in the Antelope Urban 
Reserve in the next 20 years. For the area west of the freeway we 
are projecting a requirement of 16,000 lines for that 20 year 
period.'


'To serve this area with conventional copper cables would 
require an investment of some $3.5 million at today's cost in outside 
plant alone. Underground conduit systems would have to be 
reinforced, at a very high cost, to accommodate the fourteen 1500-
pair, 24 gage feeder cables needed. A fiber cable will cost us about 
$102,000. . .'

"Since 1986, 12 more CEVs scattered evenly throughout the 
company's service have placed impressive digital switching 
power and data transmission capacity close to the users at 
an economical price. Moreover, all but one of the company's 13 
operating CEVs at the end of 1994 were located inside utility right-
of-ways. The company did not have to buy the site of the CEV or 
obtain permits to put them in the ground. Most people are not even 
aware of where the CEVs are placed."

It is my understanding that each vault is backed up with 
alternative routing, that is, a separate fiber comes in from two 
directions to the vault. A single accident will not cause any vault to 
go down. The _History of the Roseville Telephone Co._, by the way, is 
a fascinating read and an important contribution to independent 
telephony. RTC is the 23d largest telephone company in America and 
one of the most progressive. The book is over four hundred pages in 
hardback. $20 in the U.S. plus $3.50 shipping. Call (916) 786-1117. 
There's a discount for orders of five or more. Or order by mailing 
from the following: Telephone Book, Roseville Telephone, P.O. Box 
969, Roseville, CA 95678. And make sure to visit their telephone 
museum at 106 Vernon Street in Roseville from 10:00 to 4:00 p.m. on 
Saturdays.

























~Cyber Culture

In this section, issues in the cyber world that will effect the H/P scene in 
one way or another will be discussed.  Submissions for this section are
always welcome.


The impact of the flag burning amendment 
by Mr. X2

There has been a lot of talk lately about the proposed amendment that 
would make flag burning illegal.  Now I have never burned a flag and
I don't have any intentions of doing so.  However, burning a flag is
part protected under free speech.  Anyone who studies constitutional  law
learns that our freedoms are not a 100% guaranteed.  If that was the case
there would be anarchy.  We give up some freedoms in certain situations
to protect our other rights and the rights of other people.  For example,
you cannot yell fire in a movie theater or call in a bomb threat.  As 
long as your expressions does not infringe on the rights of others, than
it is basically OK.  With all that out of the way, how the hell does 
burning a flag infringe someone else's rights?  Unless you catch someone
on fire in the process than I just don's see it.  Well this bill is being sent
to the government to be kicked around for a while and if it passes it will
be put up for vote to become law.  In that case, 2/3 of the states have to
ratify it in order for it to become law.  While it may be a ways off, it
is important for everyone reading this zine to keep in the back of your 
mind.  I know your wondering where this is all going in a phreak zine.  Well,
I'm sure that most of you reading this support free speech and especially
free speech on the net.  When you support such issues, it is important to 
look at the big picture and support all related issues.  If flag burning is
made illegal, then what else isn't protected under free speech?  Previous
court cases and other laws are taken into account when deciding issues
that are new and confusing.  If the flag burning amendment passes and then
some time down the road, a bill comes up restricting speech on the net,
people will look at other free speech issues such as the flag burning 
amendment.  It is also important to support any reasonable free speech issue
not just flag burning.  When you support something, you have to support
other's related beliefs as well.  







Cyber McCarthyism 
by  Mohawk


I'm not gonna go into the Colorado shooting but it is important to focus
on one event related to the shooting.  Shortly after the media first
reported about the shooting, people went on their computers and made
fake profiles claiming they were in the Trench Coat Mafia, made jokes
about it, and even made a couple of TCM webpages.  Once the FBI started
it's investigation, there was a broad search conducted on the Internet
for any clues about the shooting.  This was because Eric Harris had various 
webpages that gave some signs as to what would happen on april 20th.  They 
also wanted to see if anyone else was involved.  All of Eric Harris' 
accounts and webpages were shut down so that no one could tamper with 
evidence.  Even while I am writing this, there is still a shroud of
mystery as to what exactly happened, why, and if anyone else was
involved or knew about it.  During this Internet investigation, anyone
who had anything mentioned about the trench coat mafia on line got
their accounts cancelled, webpages removed, and anything else they had
on the net deleted.  Some people on AOL lucked out and just got
warnings although they got all thier files deleted.  I've talked to people
that go their accounts cancelled for just posting somewhere that the
trench coat mafia sucks.  While this wasn't a wide spread epidemic 
it has the implications of someday becoming one.  What if a hacker did 
some major damage.  I mean kill a lot of people.  Then the hacker
is painted as this evil person who just wants to cause havoc for 
other people and he is just one out of a whole subculture full of
these evil hackers.  The media has a field day.  They do profiles on 
hackers, ya know pimples face nerds who no one likes, plays doom all
day and listens to manson.  Can you imagine what would happen to 
hackers?  No one would want anything to do with hackers on their
service.  Thousands of accounts would be canceled, webpages 
would be removed, and we would have more than just a crackdown
on our hands.  Pretty disturbing huh?  How do we prevent this?  
That's a good question.  Be responsible and try to keep a good
image of hackers would be my best guess.  It would be a lot easier 
to get people to think that most hackers are nice people before this 
happens than afterwards.  This has already happened in spurts but to 
no major extent.  Even if there was a large hackers are nice guys
campaign it probably won't even do that much good.  I would like to hear 
from you on this topic of Cyber McCarthyism.  Is it something to 
think about?  Is it a problem now?  Will it be a problem in the future?
What can we do to prevent it?  It's not just hackers that have to 
worry about this, any cyber-community may be vulnerable to this.  
























Copyright 1999 Phone Punx Network.  Feel free to distirbute this issue however, 
do not modify this file in any way.  All issues are free and are not allowed to 
be sold in any form. If you are sellling issues you can only charge what it cost 
to reproduce them.  Keep the information free.  All works are owned by the PPN 
and/or the authors of the article.  If you feel that you own the copyright to a 
work printed in this issue and have not given the permission of the author to 
republish it, please email us.  


