		    ##################################
		    #                                #
		    #     SOCIAL WORKERS ON ACID     #
		    #     Issue #2  -  June 1996     #
		    #                                #
		    #     The Journal of Anarchy     #
		    #     for the formerly           #
		    #     socially-conscientious     #
		    #     who've had their fill      #
		    #     of society's bullshit!     #
		    #                                #
		    ##################################


This publication is dedicated to those who did was what expected of them
all their lives only to find out that doing the "right things" got them
nothing and to those people smart enough to know that loyaty, honesty,
and integrity in the human race is but a myth!

So here is to all the nihilists who are and who will be, who know the truth:
that there is no truth; no morality.  All that counts is getting what you
want and getting it NOW, having the most fun you can while you can, and
grabbing whatever you can while you can regarless of the costs to others. 

To those of you who wish to contribute to this zine: "FUCK OFF"!
Go start your own zine if you think you have something to say.
If you want to contact us; you can't and that is the way we want it;
If you can't find us, it is that much harder for the FBI to find us.


In this issue of this journal of mayhem, phun and drugs:

1    - Make your own Safety Ram, for compressing sensitive
       primary explosive into homemade blasting caps
       (how to properly make detonator caps and keep your limbs)
2    - How to safely make Laughing Gas (a cheap but good stone)
3    - How to cause and profit from a power blackout
       (from our correspondent in Kanada)
4    - A modern and self-locking garote (choking good phun)
5    - City of Terror: How to traumatize a whole metropolitan
       area at once (from our L.A. correspondent)

If you are feeling miserable just remember: misery LOVES company!




Chapter 1 - Safety Ram for compressing Blasting Cap explosives

Primary explosives are sensitive explosives used to detonate High
Explosives.  They are much more sensitive to heat and shock, and are
usually more powerful than the High Explosives, but are more
expensive and of course more dangerous.  Examples are Silver Azide,
Silver Acetylide, Lead Azide and Mercury Fulminate.

In any large explosive charge the bulk of the explosive is High
Explosive such as Ammonium Nitrate/Fuel Oil, or TNT.  These are
relatively hard to detonate, ensuring your safety.  They are fairly
insensitive to heat or mild shocks (as from a person hitting them).
They need the extremely forceful shock from a blasting cap to set
them off!

A blasting cap is a metal tube, closed at one end composed of two or
three sections.  The first and uppermost section is an incendiary
charge such as gunpowder to heat up the heat-sensitive Primary
Explosive (which is the second section).  For very large caps to set
off very difficult to detonate charges, and to ensure proper
detonation of very large charges, a third section of High Explosive
is sometimes included.

A typical blasting cap is about 6mm (1/4 inch) in diameter and 25mm
(1 inch long).  A .22 cartridge is the right diameter but often a
bit on the short size (except for the smallest of blasting caps,) 
and though a .303 cartridge is big, I find them best for large 
charges.  Some people use other items such as thin pipe with one
end closed, or emptied out electrolytic capacitor cases (available from
any electronic supply store or Radio Shack) for blasting caps but
make sure to clean inside the casing.

Take the spent (empty) .303 cartridge and try to inspect it visually
to ensure there is no material left inside.  Pour some melted paraffin
wax into the cartridge, then heat the cartridge and pour out the
excess wax.  You want just a thin coating so that there will be no
chemical reation between your primary explosive and the brass cartridge
casing.  Now in the case of the .303 to make a good high-powered
blasting cap, fill the casing part-way with Silver Acetylide or other
primary explosive (such as Lead Azide, Silver Azide, Mercury Fulminate,
etc.,) and very carefully compress the explosive using a wooden dowel.
Try to be some distance away from the casing while doing this in case
it explodes!  Never use a hammer, you want even constant pressure.
I used to use a lever affair, though I see in the "Black Book" that
they use a combination of a lever, pulley and a 5 to 10 km weight.
You may have to add more explosive, until you have the casing about
1/4 full of somewhat compressed primary explosive.  Now insert your
wick and fill another 1/4 of the way with blackpowder and compress
slightly around the wick.  Now seal the unit with a bit of melted wax.
(Remember that wax melts below the temperature of boiling water, not
all that hot.)  I used to take a broken 6 volt light bulb, dip the
filament in crazy glue and then blackpowder, and put that into the
cap as an electrically detonated blasting cap, instead of the wick.

My device for compressing the primary explosive was more elaborate
than the one used in the Black Book.  Mine had four layers of 1/4 inch
Lexan plastic as a shield and a parallelogram arrangement to ensure
the dowel would come down perfectly along the axis of the casing.
The Black book device allows you to be a long distance from the action,
but its dowel travels in a slight arc.  Additionally it must be fixed
in a permanent position so as not to move . . .                             
							     
 ²² Hinge                           ²     Lever       rope to
°°O°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°       you !  
 ²²                                 ²         oÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ 
 ²²                        wooden   ²         ³ wheel or     
 ²²                        dowel of ²         ³ pulley       
 ²² Upright arm            correct  ²         ³ attached to  
 ²² (very well             size     ²         ³ the end of   
 ²²  braced)                        ²         ³ the lever    
 ²²                        metal    ²         ³              
 ²²                        casing  ³²³        ³              
 ²²                                ³ ³        ³              
 ²² STATIONARY     clamp or wood±±±³ ³±±±     ³              
 ²² BASE           to hold case ±±±ÀÄÙ±±±    ±±± 5 to 10     
 ²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²    ±±± kg. weight  
 ²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²
		
		
		

Chapter 2 -                
		
		#############################################          
		#                                           #          
		#          How to make Laughing Gas         #          
		#                                           #          
		#          By the Stoned Avenger            #          
		#                                           #          
		#############################################          
								       
								       
Nitrous Oxide (N2O) is also known as Laughing Gas.  It is used as an      
anesthetic in dental surgery.  Its great at parties or on your own.    
One or two litre sized bags of the stuff and you will be flying!       
								       
There are two ways to get the stuff: Break into a dentist office, or   
MAKE IT YOURSELF!                                                      
								       
Nitrous oxide is a colorless gas which is 1.53 times a dense as air.   
It makes up about 0.00005% of the atmosphere.  It supports combustion  
above 300øC.  It is non-toxic but is considered a narcotic.            
								       
Nitrous oxide is the only member of a family of Oxides of Nitrogen     
which is not toxic.  The others are Nitrogen Monoxide a colorless      
compound whigh in air quickly turns to the other oxide, Nitrogen       
Dioxide, a toxic brown gas.                                            
								       
Laughing gas can be made easily and very cheaply from farm fertilizer  
grade Ammonium Nitrate.  In bulk from farm supply stores such as       
farmers CO-OP's (forget about garden stores,) you should be able to    
get 50 pound bags for well under $50.  Not including losses this should
provide about 6800 litres of gas!  Based upon 2 litres per person to   
get really stoned, that works out to about 1.5 cents per person!       
								       
First take about 100 grams (4 ounces) of Ammonium Nitrate and put it   
into a two-hole stoppered heat-resistant (such as pyrex) flask.  Put   
that flask into a larger container, heat-resistant glass or metal      
(even an old large tin can,) filled partially with sand.  The sand is  
to ensure that the heat is distributed evenly to the inner flask.      
								       
Into one hole of the rubber stopper you tightly fit a thermometer      
capable of reading up to at least 300øC.  Into the other tube, you     
tightly fit a tube that will go into a second two-hole stoppered flask.
								       
The tube from the first flask goes into a hole in the second flask,    
and down almost to the bottom of it, so as to go below the surface     
of the water which you will partially fill this second flask.  Fill    
the second flask halfway with water (at least 1 cup or 250 ml of H2O)  
and add about 1 tablespoon of Baking Soda.  Replace the solution,      
with each new load of Ammonium Nitrate (in the first flask).           
								       
The second flask has a tube fitted into the second hole (but not so    
far as to touch the solution).  This tube leads to a larger diameter   
tube of glass, plastic or rubber, about 2 feet (60 cm) long.  This     
larger diameter tube is packed tightly with steel wool.  (The steel    
wool will have to be replaced from time to time.)  A large container   
packed with steel wool can be used as a substitute as long as the gas  
will be forced to travel through a lot of packed steel wool.           
								       
The end of the tube (or a second tube leading out of the packed        
container should you make the substitution,) is where the Laughing Gas 
comes out.  Cover it with a bag, and as the bag fills up with about a  
litre or two of gas, remove the bag, and replace it with another one.  
								       
You can now breathe in the gas and get stoned!  Make sure that you get 
some air with the gas; you can take half a lung of air before breathing
in the gas.  Laughing gas is NOT toxic but you still need air to live! 
Do not cover your head with the bag!  Make sure that if you pass out,  
the bag will not suffocate you by covering your mouth and nose.  It is 
one of the best stones and cheapest ones around.  Call all your friends
and have a Laughing Gas party today!                                   
								       
More Instructions:  You will heat the Ammonium Nitrate until it is at  
least 210øC (410øF),  as high as 240øC (464øF) and NEVER above 260øC   
(500øF).  Above 260øC, the Ammonium Nitrate will start producing       
quantities of the other Nitrogen oxides.  Above 300øC (572øF) you may  
get an explosion!                                                      
				210ø - 260ø C                          
The reaction is:   NH4NO3 (s) ------------------> N2O (g) + 2H2O (g)   
								       
The gas bubbles through the baking soda solution to absorb any trace   
quantities of other Nitrogen oxides that may be formed.  The gas then  
flows through the steel wool to lose any other trace impurities that   
could be present to leave you will lots of clean phun!                 
								       
Each batch of 100 grams should give you about 30 litres of gas, more   
than enough for 15 guests (and at a cost of under 25 cents total)!     
								       
	  ·                                                            
   Therm- º                       Pack this tube tightly               
   ometer º                       with steel wool          Keep a bag  
	  º      tubing          ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ  covering    
	  º  ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»  Éµ@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@  the open    
	  º  º    rubber     º  ºÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ  end of this 
	¿°º°°º°Ú  stoppers ¿°º°°º°Ú                        tube to     
	³°º°°º°³           ³°º°°º°³                        capture all 
	³ º  º ³           ³ º  º ³                        your        
       /  º     \          ³ º    ³                        LAUGHING GAS
     /    º      \         ³ º    ³                                    
³   ³     º       ³   ³    ³ º    ³                                    
³±±±³_____º_______³±±±³    ³ º    ³                                    
³±±±³     º       ³±±±³    ³_º____³  Bubbles of laughing               
³±±±³     º NH4   ³±±±³    ³ º ø  ³  gas rising out of the             
³±±±³     ½ NO3   ³±±±³    ³ º ø  ³  baking soda solution              
³±±±ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ±±±³    ³ º ø  ³                                    
³±±±±±±±±Sand±±±±±±±±±³    ³ º ø  ³                                    
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ    ³ º ø  ³                                    
²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²    ³ º ø  ³                                    
Hot plate to heat up the   ³ ø ø  ³                                    
Ammonium Nitrate FertilizerÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ                                    
								       
Have phun and stay stoned              
	      
	      
	      
	      
Chapter 3 -              
	      
	      HOW YOU CAN PROFIT FROM A POWER OUTAGE!                        
	      How Burglars can get maximum advantage.                        
									     
	      by Whiz Kid  -  March 1996                                     
									     
In the next few months Ontario Hydro workers will be going out on strike.     
They have been told by Ontario Hydro that they must all take pay cuts and    
there will be further massive layoffs. There hasn't been an Ontario Hydro    
strike in 6 years so take advantage of this opportunity, while you can!      
									     
How can you profit from this?                                                
									     
If you are into "break and enters" (B&E's) then this is your perfect         
opportunity to clean up in the break-in business. Crime DOES pay.            
									     
In the event of an electric blackout, traffic signal lights will no longer   
have any power, and the majority of the police force will be forced to go    
on traffic duty at major intersections.                                      
									     
Blackouts have a tendancy to wreak havoc with the equipment at burglar alarm 
company central stations. This opens many new opportunities for looting. Are
you upset with the high prices you are charged for computer equipment and    
clothing? This will be a great opportunity to break into stores and          
warehouses.                                                                  
									     
There will be less police available to answer any calls so it will on
average take them much longer to arrive at any break-ins.                            
									     
Many alarm companies will be effected by a blackout, but not all, and the    
telephone system will still be working because Bell has it's own backup
power systems. If you want to be more careful, you can cut the telephone
wires going to the place you are going to break into. The alarm company will
know the phone lines that connect them to their customer is down but they
will be much slower in responding and may even assume the phone line problem
is due to the power blackouts.                                                      
									     
Of course you may not want to break into stores, you might just want to
wreak absolute havoc everywhere. Remember there won't be any street lights
to expose your activities, everyone will be in the dark. You can hack away
at cable-tv cables or telephone wires, torch Bell junction boxes, or do
whatever you feel like with the knowledge that it will take a long time for
the police to show up.                                                                  
									     
If you want to create your own blackout, you will need a rifle and
full-metal jacket ammunition. Shoot at the Hydro Transformers up on the
local poles, or even better go to a Hydro substation that has one or many
large transformers and start shooting at the transformers or if your aim is
good, at the brittle ceramic insulators that hold up the wires.  With
insulators you may even be able to break them with steel BB's from an air
gun. A crossbow should also be able to do the job.                                                          
									     
At a hydro transformer substation, as an insulator breaks, and the wire it
held up falls onto another transformer watch the fireworks! And if you
pierce a transformer and it starts leaking its electrical insulation oil,
it will start arcing inside and will either catch fire or EXPLODE!                   
									     
Hitting a local transformer will darken a small local area you may want to   
hit and may me all you need to do your job. But if you damage a hydro        
transformer substation, and all it takes is a rifle, you can blackout a major
section of the city causing so much confusion the last thing the police will 
be able to worry about is a break-in.                                        
									     
There is one of the many Hydro transformer substations on the North corner   
of Overlea Blvd and Millwood Road. This one is special because it supplies   
half of all the power used in downtown Toronto. The cables that supply this  
power are not visible because they are underground running in electrical     
insulating oil filled pipes. Every few kilometers along the pipe there is    
another pump station to make sure that the oil flows to keep the cables      
cool and insulated from the pipes. If the Millwood Road transformer station  
or any of the oil pumpers along the pipe on its way to downtown Toronto were 
to have any damage, most of downtown Toronto including Police Headquarters   
would be blacked out.                                                        
									     
If you are worried about hospitals; DON'T WORRY. All hospitals have their own
back-up power generators so they will never be without necessary electrical  
power.                                                                       
									     
And if you are the cause of a blackout during an electric utilities workers  
strike, the police will assume it was disgruntled workers who did the dirty  
deed and spend all their time investigating them; not you.                   
									     
And if you want to cover up a major robbery of a store or warehouse, one     
of the best ways to cover it up is by setting a fire as you leave. It helps  
to destroy any evidence of who may have committed the crime, camouflages     
exactly what was stolen, and may be assumed to have been what triggered any  
burglar alarms. Fires are also good diversions to direct the police well     
away from where you intend to commit a major robbery.                        
									     
For those who want to make burglary a career I suggest you purchase a        
portable radio scanner. With an earphone so you can listen in to the         
police so you will know if the cops are ever alerted to your activities.     
Additionally if you get a portable frequency counter or a logger like        
my OptoScout, when you are scouting out a big place you are going to         
be doing a hit at like a large shopping mall, you can capture the            
frequency of the security guards and listen in on that frequency later.      
									     
In Metro Toronto the police frequencies are:                                 
									     
  Freq.    Division                    Area Boundary                         
									     
* 1 District *                                                               
									     
862.7375  11 Division (Toronto Shoreline to the south, C.N.R. tracks to the  
		       east, C.P.R. tracks to the north, Humber River to the ailable to fxoA   east, C.P.R. tracks to the north,   orth, Huracksrkeau.        o 862.7375  11 Lawrer itA, onW.horeline to ting m south, C.N.R. tracks to the  
		       east, C.P.R. tracks to the north, Humber River to the ailable to3.68A   e3st, C.P.R. tracks to the north,   orth,Spwoola Rd./BathulaceSt.862.7375  11 (inch l    idt is uEgl    ntA, onW.hare goitutionut. 62.7375  11 just wstitutioyblesck Book. .     ve ying )se a       2.7375  11 DivisiLawrer itA, onW.horeline to ting m Huracksrkeau.2.7375  11 oreline
		       east, C.P.R. tracks to the north, Humer to the ailable t57.412   e4                                           Spwoola Rd.se a       2.7375  11 Division (Toronto Shoreline to ting m Huracksrkeau.   2.7375  11 oreline
		       east, C.P.R. tracks to the north, Humer to the ailable t62.912   e4Bequencies are:               st, C.P.R. tracks to the north, Humer to the ailable t61.68A   e          HQare:               st, C.P.R. tracks to the north, Humer to the ailable t57.48A   e          SiHighx              st, C.P.R. tracks to the north, Humer to the ailable eq.    Division   2                Area Boundary                         
									     
* 1 District *        1.98A   2            Etobicoke                         Hunuth, C.N.R. tracks to the  DivisiQ.E.W.horeline to ting mEtobicoke  C.N.R. trackks to the  
		       east, C.P.R. tracks to the north, Humber River to the ailable to f48A   2ast, C.P.R. Q.E.W.horeline       Huouth, C.N.R. track     o 86.   2.7375  11 Egl    ntA, onW.horeline to ting mEtobicoke  C.N.R. t 2.7375  11 oine
		       east, C.P.R. tracks to the north, HumHumer to the ailable t62.98A   23st, C.P.R. Egl    ntA, onW.horeline       Huouth, C.N.R. track   2.7375  11 DivisiSd upestA, onW.horeline to ting m WY. 427as       7375  11 oine
		       east, C.P.R. tracks to the north, HumHumer to the ailable t61f48A   2          HQare:               st, C.P.R. tracks to the north, Humer to the ailable t57.18A   2          SiHighx              st, C.P.R. tracks to the north, Humer to the ailable eq.    Division   3                Area Boundary                         
									     
* 1 District *        3fxoA   3            Lawrer itA, onW.horeline         
									     
86 2.7375  11 DivisiSd upestA, onW.horeline to ting m uouth, C.N.R  2.7375  11 oreline
		       east, C.P.R. tracks to the north, Humer to the ailable t62.18A   3ast, C.P.R. Lawrer itA, onW.horeline       BayviewtA, on. track   2.7375  11 DivisiSd upestA, nW.h& E.horeline to ting m Hurack      7375  11 o					     
8
		       east, C.P.R. tracks to the norer to the ailable to f4oA   33st, C.P.R. D.R. C.N./Egl    ntA, onE.horeline       Victoria Park2.7375  11 orelineDivisiSd upestA, onE.horeline to ting mBayviewt2.7375  11 oreline
		       east, C.P.R. tracks to the north, Humer to the ailable t61.9oA   3          HQaW                                                    er to the ailable t61.7oA   3          HQaEa                                                   er to the ailable t57fxoA   3          SiHighx              st, C.P.R. tracks to the north, Humer to the ailable eq.    Division   4                Area Boundary                         
									     
* 1 District *        3f412   4            Scarboties o                        Markham Rd.se a   2.7375  11 Divi [ cons.  You w
(1 inch      the ru WY.401],m WY. 2.7375  11 401horeline to ti[n is dedMarkham Rd.sng m.  You w      7375  11 Victoria Park many arkham Rd.]who maVictoria Park . t 2.7375  11 oine
		  [ cons.  You w
(1 inch      ng m WY 401]) norer to the ailable to f68A   4ast, C.P.R. Scarboties o          ng m WY.401h[larmsVictoria Park 2.7375  11 ore arkham Rd.] in             m a b      erywh 86.   2.7375  11 Pick      Town            DivisiSd upestA, onE.horelin2.7375  11  to theVictoria Park [ cons.  You wSd upestA, onE.h					7375  11  WY. 401] many arkham Rd. [.  You w
(1 inch      ng m 2.7375  11  WY. 401] in        
		 m a b      ery the police well1 District *        3f18A   4aBequencies are:               st, C.P.R. tracks to the north, Humer to the ailable t62.9oA   4          HQaW                                                    er to the ailable t61.662   4          HQaEa                                                   er to the ailable t57f4oA   4          SiHighx              st, C.P.R. tracks to the north, Humer to the ailable eq.    Division   5                Area Boundary                         
									     
* 1 District *        1.912   5                    Harbour/                        D.V.P.R. tracks to the  Division (Toronto Shoreline to ting mJar   eSt.8orelin2.7375  11 
		       east, C.P.R. tracks to the north, Humber River to the ailable t57.162   5ast, C.P.R.                   to do yo
4        Isleir livesck   2.7375  11        Jar   eSt.8orelinDivision (Toronto Shoreline  2.7375  11  to ting mSpwoola A, on. track
		       east, C.P.R. ter to the ailable t62.162   5aBequencies are:               st, C.P.R. tracks to the north, Humer to the ailable t63f4oA   53st, C.P.R. tracks/D.V.P.R. track       D.R. C.N.R. track     o 862.7375  11 Lawrer itA, onoreline to theSpwoola Rd./BathulaceSt.862.7375  11 (inch l    idt is uEgl    ntA, onW.hare goitutionut. 62.7375  11 just wstitutioyblesck Book. .     ve ying )se a       2.7375  11 
		 ower generators so they will never be without neceer to the ailable to f412   54           Danfto tiA, onoreline       Victoria ParkR. track     2.7375  11 Egl    ntA, onE.horeline to t  D.R. C.N./D.V.P.R. tracs to the  
		       east, C.P.R. tracks to the north, Humber River to the ailable to f662   55                                           Victoria ParkR. trackks to the  DivisiDanfto tiA, onoreline to ting mD.V.P.R. track   2.7375  11 
		       east, C.P.R. tracks to the north, Humber River to the ailable to3.162   55Bequencies are:               st, C.P.R. tracks to the north, Humer to the ailable t61.4oA   5          HQare:               st, C.P.R. tracks to the north, Humer to the ailable t59f412   5          SiHighx              st, C.P.R. tracks to the north, Humer to the ailable eq.    Division Artedple 260øC, assiesy later.      
									     
Incks to the north, Humer to the ailable t61.18A   Mar    Uni                                                  th, Humert57fx12   Emerge    Tthe n
bF ligh                                   th, Humert57f462   Emerge    Tthe n
bF ligh                                   th, Humer to the ailable eq.    Division ajor inter        want are charged fck awy a biled wftsyou gsubstaioybb  
And pl makdnities for
								o direc				  Fires aru arpoutckoutoucryÄÄÄÄ  covburgl awor,nsulatoa     or ndow jacket am       ntities of otroof any streeket a  Higd Millwointlps  er  n phun! nsteadscatric it wa    sh-and-
wasyou gires ar the evn to getlar apl makdn(bicyclment anmo be yclmentr  want  an earobjgoituy Optike  aE!   rdge is ,)ntitiwo mucouthigh-powcoutingobjgointities of ot H2O)  
ndow (u canesectg outam    hase auff anties of otirYou aeven be					 ndow urgl ce of     t duriable ntities oitium Nictionere. n blacs ar The othtreelarmswhatev	 ndow displct         
op     
									     
Incks to the north, Humer to the ailable intea logmptyutilitieit a y havet of rs. 
,that loya
You d woug as the gas  
will bailable SOME    ICS FOR BEGINN#### 
op     
									     
Incks to the north, Humer-------------------------  
op     
									     
Incks to the north, Humer to the ailable intend to commit a majliiverd woselvesR. track   ie thattratsno matepoutovburgl anding. buil dows any srewhoppits will nar      
Eacm    haguter equipmennd if				al jacation Thisd put thaealthy,half a luts wi are rar heaented to yvburgl 					     
Blphone .
and       n Thisdreplaceket ammuniti in downtown yvburglrceket ansteaisoion to make  ve ying ,pany willeat and su areis dedhe evyvburgl 
Blphone sack awgsere wonm 
Eacl anding.s. M along t expltechniqu    
anotfck l anding.suts wiric  fck n This,pany wilubblkentr  ns. g ,pany wilre yvburglrceay beae so you flashodsd pue a yfarm fert	 ndowven bep   lows downawors   
tightl	ly stoned, tha luts wiit a major roy fewnosubstatir ow. 
anoad translose any  ovburgl anding.sloyaty,if thejob dereat     fl was awor-to-awor. Scomp t explgen     
whany bret a mearp you by posr usedric uti,      e of ac .22 s arefmeter   
sad me invest    sant y.    if yo recooppik.22 s used aemploying.cial yor
secta blacka loggers uUnemploying. Gasurthe aor Welfty in thevest e so you f 
power tic as aru arif thyou will ers declar  g,pitals; DON'T pad me iket aitrogenwick.

Mire tomtendhout dgis,pany en yy bemeantutioybs, you Withsed aovid
powename! the oir       aworne ltt a portabmes  wax mepny wilufl was lvd and 
clothiyrst flask).l				  of t transt flask)l anding.; aw youdarlessowder, and
And pny en  andhiyrstt the cartri).l			remaink havo. the oir     no).l		,meter   
ortabmes  wax mesteel wilufl was inte supplto a anding.. intea lro direc				trikw youle i      r memn't y,half afnitimidns what n't y afnit. the oir     
there  of aufl waand suck.
36 n Tas      amage a hyNT.  Theoy fewnobodying oner   r ow cartridgpa   t y ao dod getickly turns to the other oxide, Nitrogen       
Dioxid the secung so m assuideathe c   oly fill tte to this ziing uisolute happ   the a
my Optre th     larm  lto a
ThearkRsun to teer        minOM Aickly turns to the e eq.    Division atre th     lar,u WickR. t, youak-iyubstatir ow.  are  l anding. buil dowision d
in th WickR. slosudwho maeons on l      ²²²²²to ns whanot a c even be cavburgl you h ths wbour any s     using a wo. t, youak-iyubstatir owl jaca²²²²²r
anotfck     warkR     dog. Brom
any esection up a quipill kte tubstdoment s an e
arm fert"oh, I'mkterry, I'mk  
			wro   floor" o amage a hof the h-powcvision sciserabl the  focatelmanyns many nol    downawn       rabl
Youfr ronew ity   
tightl	ly stonIfwnosubstatir ow, Withseddiameter      lask)l anding.. Unlill be     mov				
s alol anding.sldo can iametls el breath beve becaboltsers aloiametd and
Ant  so wee)aboltsthe poo.
If you w
I usedred a canatelippeds.  You w
(1 aworn    
thfraow.  fhseddiamet eithkepoutectg            want lashod,pany willeat ahock, and are
u oxidlto easd traobhe e.  fhseddortabke becato poutou shoeau.  
manh
Exp
If  evendthe cartoo         
op     
									     
Incks to ther to the ailable inteunbke beca					  sace you arl lighe, yoonothTack   ie th       to aworst   
intey and a ithkebe     midd distributawornhand d. intet explseddiameter anotfckighe, yoonogramand dR. trurn againkThe Ble of a at parties 
insensittypeAnd if d themrer ht of blastie thae "rightoksu are scpeforif Vice-gripsou make And pie it upchain ²       thTaan Shoreline      may
get 5     
			wrer h, lvd  ompany
inser substyan , trafficlieeven be				 thereckout
 pink rce a ²²²r,tracs mand dRl juncu a poweibutaworn						avo. op     
									     
Incks to ther to the ailable Wut of theithkebus oxibe     c     lstributawornhand dthem witebus		     ision dsive (wh any streethe toa screwiableribe     key).l			
thfckighitR. trurn t  againIf the nsonic supply ithkecyliut 30rce a ²²²r,)the b     no truu makvburgl vice-gripso of b     ma. Ometer					 osive (which ioas to gore  ll m a²²²² 
mashodloyaty,rurn 
			w     oonothTacseshoeau.Torongh
Expsurhe ca        er   outecanat       
			inte sup
Nitrousbmes  wax meion of the spstt the car ompany, remohicwist 
			w     oonoibe e Bler orthTr roy
Youhat hot.)  I ust.)  whatevinte supecanat     oreline  to d mateb     wilubbngr telephond themrer ht  
thrurn e liis dedunoonoiibutawor.. D.emohiif t is a ed:pply ithkecyliut 30 ill band it starn the     e for compl to detonwilubbngrecanati    
			 are 
And inte suphe pourhe cas 
			w     oonot      east, C.P.R. tracks to the north, equency of the securie is ek l anding. buil dowspump strp you k n This,pibutawornfraowu.Toro
powen pow    
 ²²built, a at pare gas andaucryÄbato anopusulator raowfully compr4 inch
on electat holnch owcothkeboltsere you are      h batchspaou fee					If youu w
(1 awornnowower generators so they will never be without necessary elecequency of the sects.       u make 					oseddoy beiametwith abp     ,farm ferthtok    f and e secunoonoectr
ndow (oy beposr usedr make fd, thableco
thfloor l anding.,)cvision s  sh str    seing. r
ndowl jacpusula riflalows downp   laworn mepnsh sajor wer s watd a u k ch mak					  whu w
(1 bottomreak rsw
(1 bottomreh mak			he evyompanr comistvestpuvd and awornencybywatd bottomower generators so they will neequency of the sect w
(1 rggersccaso Transforea yoaented to ye  l anding. bu			     
B, icavburgisu areis drch Bell junbebreak-in.   bripe ng m.jor  Rwant St ligcoverwill neeq(#49-422)g soda skeormers ovll tblackout, traffi was stitutioyb conse youl neeq$39.99 strCanadathTacsesdevs opeortabo easd tradefeat,r					       of absor
la       reakdrch Bus		d tod   
			l anding. e a yf
on elect so he  on tow aim siongnetkdrch Bus		d tod   
			awornfraowone       ntited Misso yolows ro
powesw ave y.N.R.atebodrobbtt policYeddiamet ec it del y afnith     lar sure thve! 
Dol 
Blgoisd pf detonwziing of thhrontithseddiameter      la 3iing a c de.is:   ntith conshtoksufck         goinbbtt pox meionpnshe for ort 30	  ofmeter wesimultaneousonspnsh lvd and Massbodrobbtt po lvd ou ancu areted      ,pibut secun coreopens miametpnshe f        goinnuouthsfor ort 30
thrurnsraffi was 
And iffthe other Nitrogen oxides.  Above 300øC (572øF) you mayhe police will 
be able to worry about  keyox meiu			  erywhiox meion The . Gexibe,ll lb camoue you ar The ot,n    
thif tency now breatassiesower generators so they will never be without nec able to worry aboPillwointlps          want are charged fck g a fira big s to direcitivitiry abo					havout, wtilizns wha up     hagu may the other Nitrogen oxides.  Above 3e eq.    Division aties ten in tybywPh    er's In m a²² you , be effald are
ukoutou the other Nitrogen oxides.  Above 3e eq.    Division Divisin Divisin Divisin ve phun 4imum C of tTie Garote    
			Mas   lstrDisas   

Nowl f and truly deing.esuidea,kdrch I amthrough       ons.  North c havrcitivow, e
uIfor nonoad amt       blacs ara yfe hasnut.

 up in tthe fireworkdusa yfe ; DONdeis orthte to this    esu"CABLE TIES"bout I usy ins		   layofcpportumlstrsimi	   ces oll icheowu. are te t Higdportungarb mayb ms,pany willeat artun     rie is en iw    blastactlnd d any 
powerthe ru12way l br(30cm)oad. iaund r.

Simi	   devs opeortaigdpobyten in oif				rstituarp yous the baing. otfck handcuhat t (T
Mirsn    pou cic coon told upt   Notb conse uld! 
Dybb  igdportunleg ck handcuhat,pany  now breablastrgcoverI w uld! ion frai@@@@@te tbodyielipp      e y.N.Rmh thto d.  Northo your have ans andave any deer Iharptyan ,orels whter		,o anothehoeau.ind pl c in theve anchoke m breakea     now me WORRY.setike mh ass    nt  scomp he/s     m  the ruYoufomprbehind,ium Nim  waike un of  the looster		.

ut I uo thirthtoku are scoo       pThere hn pou cic abld up   now a! 
in).l			u canesend,ntities o
Nitrtve 260øC,e
thif tpst ofOomp t e
260øC,e
thif sepny wities of othl		n toice w undecmere yoWithiamet   oope you aan   ons. els whte, the p    ²oosteo absorb pou cic anes
 a hyNTcny  now  m asspeforif sissors,pany wiluld up cover      
At avy- and cnyd r.

Wy evivrcitivow       compl ng by coverisransforea  a hmare scoutin  oopeng mateel h batchstoutou s    cohmare schand d. h the hiyrst w uld! lid r
Exps and  onsartedple 2fleco
t  rabl
Yobodyicoh The othpny wil  oopey.N.Rmh t ad,ieliprst  compcohthto b   l,  n phversiyan ,h					ateel m breachoke reakea  absorbr     no)defensw, e
uunitrogrea  arry
cnyd rsou mak partrbr cable-tvgo,  
e²    kll junbebFATAL!!!!!!!!!!!!
(ce so you wil
Yobodyi
flows tlef tencybe     midd distrnotrbr 
tiwax mew unomp  
			
Yobodyificas 
		m a
thif se   absI w uld! h²²²²²²²s tlef tecabns whatiwax mew unomp stt tmtablhoolyard!)

ut ttypirewomodelnnuouthsfty evivrcl tra    mo th      e Pa
tuur h(ManufacoinghsfCodro#350)omodelnnuouth PLT12EH-QO,, wtou cic tiw 40wer tl broo   u make 		l dowijustngte you250 pe cas,pitven s scpeckain  you25 f and     $70 detonwiluPa
tuur (manhebodro#350)omodelnnuouth
MLT8H-LP,      up tiw 27 r tl broo   (. sle is en ibck   ilytelipped  yv  lask)t ad) u make 		l dowijustngte oy beyou250 pe cas,p
Nitansftran s scpeckaineyou50 oy bef and     $70.

ut I uo thirt a hyNTbies teoda o thage ess you ftthe firewo					tthe fony.  plies n Thisdarm fertAvneisiDigikey)ng mEthe fosony..is:   coverbies tefompr"hobbyg outs"many neyoustou cic etonwilinto    srikw youalto coansfocompl opow    
 ²,pitaI amt                     toactlat trigge ess you fcover are t   coverIhiameting.i     (madroby
Pa
tuur) to         houtf laughow, tlatI0 grasaI amt					k Bonoid.




ve phun 5nd stay stoned   oxides.  Above 3e eq.Above 3e eq.Above 3CITY OF TERROR

375  11   goio hunroriz usedged ng m.r no trus watd knees!

375  11 by John Lundgrf whAnaheim, California
375  11 jlundgrf@delta1.deltanet.com

1.0  Whyf
wat?
2.0  L   l any Aormer
2.1  Minorbreaote Disrup     
2.2  Monkey)Warfty 
2.3  Des party t
3.0  Tttrats ng mTttrat bla
3.11 Vir usedattrats
3.2  ou wi copsty t
3.3  Ethe firity
3.4  Wa   
3.5  Natu tenGas
4.0  G of a sAttng.i   ng mAvos downAttng.i  

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

1.0  Whyf
wat?
of ga'r usy ins ngg    se   l! 3e of gaaandneying waike ce of  fomprn tybywgecabning.slhe sure ch     uptortableticiantucomm								dtecabhis odm asssthe poervs ope make suirxactln thise.  It i'focateampaigtebontribu hos'e at any blicYedr taxf
l	  slargthe sps on tprol lotsty evbene of 260øCiviti
get 5     isiesbreacerhe e wesps on tity o by The pt has kdusa iwill blute hdet lean	.

Socieed ng mgecabning.is?    oroolateis inflat fdpobytblastitln this; 
local tln thisetucomms?  reap    blastrgng malastrgage ofsOntariolay    d iffs		   l anmorak-in.  irdric fckigblicBan Shof blndlooppis?  pipeblacs ar
enslav tow aitf l  maousonsns. Tmortgaineto htsty evpipe eed aiyect them
aiyectl jacns. Trng.slhy evpipe onr like rmersbatchservs odetonwiluactlil dowibontinuesbreadnd rioC (464tarioeruntlermes along ute ht y.  . 3e of gaibontinueo. t, yons miametitrogng matssR     fuoinglicYedr fuoingla   waike ce of  ully comprth the ba  uptoableticiantuhe poli on twer s o by The pt.

C The gas thbontinueo. tdecou wtario260øCivif trNitrtvties of oif blck  youmorals Ontario Hyd     nsfoseddiameter sacri				s		   l anmorakf an! 
Do" assu@@@tecieed".e of gaiolice rther  usingcamoue yot few months On part
flows trewhoped otfck: waike reerstin thevr hagu mr absAtonwilet a pfica afnithrther of
sacri				s a pfica e yot few montdito  pedll bs		dtully  are te t igdpo
Klmonex,    
	 to commmadrolvd an to falsriggemisesbreas are nwiluacfd, ther orth  gaiolicth and noselifsu avout, wliw, e
ui hyNliwv    d lvd and    
 partbr  fod   a dailytbasiblicCol  gment anUned to The 
  ons   n mepropag²²²²²acseshiment ant  ve peopf the maintainIf tere atus quo.e of gaiyNliwve for comppanies tlatancu
 par. 
e fqu  .i   no truire irsbatctp
If  eveneh mgphverlarms.io th, n is dedfica ansforea paidm sins. This okf anqu  .i   no an n bla;aeons on l  an to o thirtansf
s aloobviousons    wax meionqu  .i  ed.

Oe htocieed dome youevr absorb u leinals Oand     sactearp yotsno ma  you astairecsno ma plag   istsno may reap lvd and rewhopp,detonwiluacreersti mr evr hagupeopf tice e the Lanset wi ofOe htocieed isu areurgl s haper p now breascumubbles oorelinetop!

ut I u    					te t  traffiw     assureasontucoyo Hyd    ngg  .of gaid, you Withcamouflawth  gainvestigath mgpho thirth  gainvestig
mare sce ateing..   gainvestiga.r no wilubbchmatetl brng may get 
stitut have bef oif knees yeforea yo you Withcamou					aneshe poe we a hawth W
 ²²ket aaneshe poe  a hy      	w     cged foratd knees!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

2.0  L   l any Aormer

Wrolvd iametdifferng. g a fiing.slhe a      th W
 iametdifferng. 
ab								ng mo by    e policWrolvd iametdifferng. moe  one policWro the evdifferng. mo tenyNliwfolicWrolvd iametdifferng. goalt.

Be         e haswrolvd iametdifferng. liiveslhe  liknar wdRl jungo the ²   u cato goal 
at cabl may y have.e of gaiy ha									          disrup    u@@@tecieedrtvties oreaote meant
arm fertes, everyo      tunleyd rs, o amage					     
       60øC
minorbdisrup    antities omonkey)warfty  ofO amage				dec supplto  
  
quresultst parties iameter       dou may meproperan Ojacket ag a fi
act gas thboevenl ands wayju      te t  traffiscumu put thaorld.

2.1  Minorbreaote Disrup     

Minorbreaote disrup    anTorongh
Exp					leyd rsvitiveryo     .
Asualto c,d nosefd, therioCged l junbebhe pipe Make suranonymity   O
the bag will nto covermed tteodtng.i   iox mepoutut. differng.
attratsucomms?  add to  erydetonwil hmare scco yor wCgee sc irs       no leyd r traon464tariotryes ooreiHigyo Hyd     make suir
add to  y.   gai				 will darke coutoa   sedvant  
			The pt ig
ioas to 
 ²²butr					 
 ²²wto tiitd.  North parties beergrl get ut. bioppitsaitfer Itbout aAn exaHighrt
flows t still need 	   ed  ty,if theCroatian  rganizu need  part
flowet a meao breakinkkout durrgl Serbian ities woi..  Ina o thatranse bag wWorlde oir  gger he pt ay
 t, ymrsimi	   tore  inte surpany  omms?  t thaoralong enemiwill! likg Gadian SihutouH kdu'ydetonMulsim, itieopf t makeGadiaiw  sut ayPakistve, etc.1   got
flow nosel     if				se bag wKns whnse bag w
Klu Klux Klt youkg rat blao       makete tubstu make (fr r) ac .g. 
 omm    purs  wly "elipped" clue gas thh      make su ajor le Sek Botiby The pe su Na    u@@@Islem?e of gaiboflowpny e worsd rsvagainkTha The p. ey a ammunit,he wire i	     
²    kla The pwpny e worsd rsvfck    s tlatane gas thty 
bo extremist 
	to nobodyi
flowyou cagted  now bremoweTalk      acrewwyoill assumare nng.slty in thh goingymay eventhe prt 3ed!
My favoCgee techniqu vfck orsd rsviox mepua meao   
	hn pou k  
thron    SpraywPhoore 	d t (        spraywt.)  u wax me²     
phoorgraphanst flhe copfolio d. om
any euff ane "Permanng."ttype  
th oxidle tem co.   type,) spraywag wi ligctraffic sttrgng mstout
pie comptrbr  cable-tv	   .  Ifr					 a smoo holurfacu a					 ket ! ioyd r traspraywboow breasurfacu me investiga²      trus wetonwil you agctraffic sttrgwil hthe toaffic sttrgdipe ng mrubrst  com.
Ussing a wo.echniqu vBell junbeb bepermanng.ly ²       t still nfi
i    atr
ndow ls; DON'T        pai a ycra u k to e liis uff of 2ff.of gaitreeket asprayw  
			f    asurfacu ctraffic sttrgder, andctraff you agng mstout of 2 atr
ndow  the carrea  a h, youy wities of ot  
ndow.  SpraywPhoore 	d t 		 av    bf t make o thArtvitiveorgraphy
arlies quipme elect somadrobye at any byoukg 3M.


 gaitreeyy bemare bomb rs    s.  arf otUni ed S atee e98%R    junbomb  irs    slty ifalsr.ides.  Above 3e eq.   Divisio of gaiboflowiametvariousureasontufck nveses ooremare scBomb Ts    :isio ofisio ofisio d stamage	s wha oxiiametitft  
edevs opetlat									    disrup 
375exaHe ecereaoniwillseeinars, etc.1 T       ometern pow     3e e75eff   dveuunitrogrea iametpl   ed   fare devs ot aA  Above 3e e  suspiciousuhtok    peckaineybl tg,throferabes qey e w the cae e  tearpontng.sl, remohibe viewedllhas fr			 a hyNTviewedllve 3e e  pontainout, wtipe fu yor slecthigh-powcmayd r trawhs w icave e   com. ne  m				ltoku are  a c evenpontainoa    unbombg as the gas  isio d stamageiametitft   devs ohalf a lun is 				    dou mayproperanve e  starn theNorthonyshe poen titjuriesbrea-iyubstides.  Above 3e isio d stamageet a meardevs oh meionfe cat the cartrir     nei-powc-iye e  properanvdou maynhas kjuries,ferta lun is 				    uff mediaie e  sdtng.i   f and eNortl jaca²²to    onysheopf t makee cae e   at anyowder,itut haor site   
tightl rry about r  ggerut. primacl trshodsd pum  hagua bomb rs    :for wCgeect them
   
s, everyower generators so they will never be without necessary el  
tightl rry aboWil hmarhagua bomb rs    for wCgeect  oir  ggers     lnponcernsy laterofisio ofisio d staN cablateel onysfectabhisg.sl   ng n blathe other Nitrogen oe e  (Notbevu w
(1 c st mayst mp      east, C.P.R. tracks to the ofisio d staD.emohisteel wracd any ute ht yiva f anDNA ngalysssowbygen oe e  loutou sei-powc in tnvelop   hut jacatiost mp;n    wanit. e ofisio d staGe. g a  riepsty t.    v    bf tanyvet ofin Nto tiAmefiren oe e  Buy ute htrlieiope makechain quipme/f thehihisdarm fert7-11,e e  K-MartvitiWal-Martower generators so they will never be withofisio d staD.emohidownto   spsty t.   f and ygh-powcpurs  w e
uuseen oe e  "fpmeh" spsty t.  absorb pn in oON'T ltokuf animhisg.slcompr4 	  ute hwCgeect      e h-powcpie it uppou kfty evia    
opTher e e  ter subs.taD. youli and amnd ygleggeempty clue gever be withofisio d staIfhwCgeect  rgagint Make surrs    ,f
wat str  wCgeect styf  te   ifferng. comprth r com. nD.emohidowntypewCgeerstitutioybcan te     n rb pn in oreduighe, yposr usednuouth    tuons wstituave e   ifferng. mod l aiametdifferng. type styf s electat ho may ve e  starw²²r,tth r atrae (w   typewCgeere	s whaof the er be withofe  idng.ifi bf tns u    ity icCoies foraginterstirtabo g a  r, e e  telleat a oxidrac bf tany  ne a e effmare e, yperpedratorn    e  se tubstuomm    ac .ss traon4,  oir byhmarhagu rb pn in 's    e  wite wlittf taitk   ier,traies o oximuchower generators so tofisio d staMailhverlarmsa leyd r box aiw     assudistvec t makewilre yv4 	  uteeat a avout.  Whyfgiel onysclue g now breaPo thOf				s yv4 	  St mprCancella    u ark (  pho thifty evdo htswhu w
(1 gen oe e  leyd r ia  ugh 				  whbchmsoreect sta    uBellng. to). so tofisio d staSeanothe flhemediaioutley (owcmaybebhe e surrttrat), tlatdooe e  can seanothedi goiis ded rb pn in .  Ifrrea yo youseanoth,r e e  tflhemediaioutley (owcket ammuniti meiomake newspou kfao dode e  teleencies sta    ),vBell junprobabes N cabll junbetic aen oe e  pub inu Witledgot aAl	  ofm					  oxisng. tod rb pn in ,   oe e  lotnmorakheopf tties iamethand dnoth,rmarhaguitherthe n
lnve e  useitrogf anre tnsinupurs  wsower generators so they will ne  
tightl rry aboWil hmarhagua rs    f   
s, every
 par.y evenfollow ls;supecNdeiin			trigore	  oxi mesteel onysusefulsclue y later.      
									     
Incofisio ofisio d staD.emohidownonys
s, every
 part
flow tomteis ort. ne  		 ket ! l rmmunitil need  a h
I useevery
drch Busnar ully (     miles)ve e   makewilre  part
flow tomteis co yo mak. nPayeveryentr  wantofisio d staIfh Hyd     amili  or thwPhory
Ph    ectl 
I usemed ttth  r   e  simi	   panies oremare itbevu w mr erufck     authoCgeiesbree e  tnto e comptrbr  tearpo yorigolateto makewill never be withofisio d staD.ecan ateel onysfectabhisg.sl    rb phory
n and ytrbr  nearofe  i                                                  th, Humo ofisio d staNEVER CALL THE POLICEthe other Nitrogen oxides.  Above 300øCofisio d staRe²²²rsarporefulis 	 carrea intend   siyect themon 	 carithofe  inftoma    urea intend   gavout,ost ofD.emohiiiel onysmorakofe  inftoma    uck.
rea intendo absDoamageet a meas ore Withcaee e  ck n cartri)rttrat is?  Whir     ag wiomb?  Whiaor h gotiesofe  i  gbeyof?  Whyfmageet a meas oreakinkkout durpl   ed orrithofe  mailedll(rea yo youiameter tevd andke su truth)? any s    ine e  pontrol, a at parties dec supn carinftoma    uck; DON'T orthofe  s, yourat.  Ifrrea mare s   min anexcurs     rmakewicarrea oe e  pl makdnyo youivrcl       th,r					abroo   itutioybat anin aofisio d staIfhposr use,ra yf oxi mebeb montcartri)rs, every, starw²²r ae e   ig uisolto,  t			  whu wateehagu rb 
s, everyoweA hoo waxr e e  tfp		hets/cap ,farn to tee, extra ceso this zimare rea ltokue e  llastr,lty inllsuseful.  Ifrrea iametdable ntou rb 
s, everyofe  ma roy fewrea iametparked    assudistvec tully  the carrearoe e  louenswdnuouth , remohibe are goiwax mee, yperson commits cae e  tecarts, every
marhagu rb po yower generators so they will nofisio d staA blacka loy have recoopo abstors so they will never be withofisio d staDng uisolute hvoin .  orb pn in oON'T ask com cablgoxidle thofe  mess mayw carrearovoin     ca    arey later.      
								
375  11 ùmits  corhrN'T ortho²rsarer generators so they will ne  75  11 ùms woe, yperson    ca strpontrol ortagitateto
								
375  11 ùmibr  teayfmagct  rgs On   cadowisiors so they will ne  75  11 ùms woe, yaof the yf oxic bf tac .g. rs so they will ne  75  11 ùms woe, ya, ymry esectio yfspee   tmpedlean	?y will ne  75A 
 ²²dery
fare ac .g. e gasitiwoere. bodyiiffs su trlck  isio d staKipe eedr mess mayinch lng msiHigh.taD. youlea meas pipe eede e  cr compliryoweTevd andkecamoue yot fewer sad ng myo youll ne  75t s anl assumqu  .i  sower generators so they will never be   isio d staProferabes, tevd eedr mess may mee, yfd, theerson e-tvgf tene e  tearliryoweD. youlea meas tu wifable-tv meANYBODYanot a tiesofe  probabes be	
Yobodyifamili  or thwarm f     ,detonwily tiesofe   areis bebhape-recoophagu rb po y,ps ahagunot	al jache evyvb  e  secuCged eersonup co tearliry  now bremowehey will never be   isio d staorb pn in oON'T ask       o yfou aghe caunoisesbrnd receblerie e  cf tearpo yo²²²rd,pita
get 5 th r com FALSEtane oweTakedode e   copsusedatpetpl  waa(r thwap   er)ou mak partta
get 5 racks t  falsriclue .   gaiboflowiametrecoopo  m		ic,ra af			unoises, e e  a    lly rush-n Ta crowd,pchildren pouyhaguteoa school y²rd,pofe  i  					haox meionosud h batch   dripe     o yf   un! l rmu aghe caunoisesbrn thboevenbe scc.)  Iox mewilre  parterakofe  po yhagurmak, a at eha oxisslosud Iox me at leteis dripe     4 	  ute hmess ma.  orb mu aghe caunoiseoON'T al	  distrthe racks t  listentr,litals; Dat a trog areis dednot	onew thee istic any 4 	  ute h ig uisodhvoin .  Whyfgiel  rb pn in oANYf   unclue ?vb  e  Erasertri)rtpe whu w Hyd     inishe fu maki ower generators so they will never be without neceever be   isio d staEthe fony. voin   ig uisou sequiping. r
e a olveh and noseave e   ig uisolproblems,pany efnfe cati used aposress yo  t			yxr e e  t it treeyy be   n memare rea a tuons wower generators so tof
tightl rry aboO-powcideasoggers onshiivedpobytsed aimagolat yo:3e ofisio d sta gaitreeynonymousonsree ch rn thheopf tany neyoeect   e e  teaias ktic ataxesR. trackIn m a²l Revu ue Servin , orofe  neyoeect   nwilintoorpoC (4e ateataxesR. trackS ate e e  revu ue bohopp.e ofisio d staSeanoe is e  sanck orsdewomoneyiort 30awn       ree e  pontrod to ewo he pt,sei-powcableticu , ra on tck gults,ofe   arerf otUnificu    uCh				 (mooniwi). sNotb constiesofe      mark ice e t  nwilintmeouthship listortungecabning.e e  authoCgeiesbre wan h, tlat triThe pwr
e apipe onrask get t  foaand sumoney ofOomp on  rm fe listo					 erthe n
lnofe  imposr used   uff iffsofr		.

isio d staWCgee snonymous	leyd rsv ruYodiaiorganizu neei mesta mease e  (falsrly)e Withas tht  at anytck The pw		 a f    aforofe  te t extremist organizu nee.

isio d sta gaitreedo   r memn'o thisitutioic sttrgddea,kany eer, anofe  ma routoaeeynonymousic stthis(e yot fewer  With wlittf t! l rmutoa     compIn m aet) f andvd and worlde  t, yoonIf ter	 pIn m aet.1   go      o ns odedd ttiseing. larmsa  at anye e  tecar					annou fdpolayoffshe cartri Dat a tok    f ae e  20 receg. uned to Tyll lduo htstotity o  f an3umonths f ae e  no). y.  ;he car.y evenen  maybreablidiffsric uti!


2.2  Monkey)Warfty 

Monkey)Warfty w		 a rofernomp  mepuaeect tomonkey)wrer htor compge  sla@@@tecieed.1 T       aeeyreaewilre e    iv Tylted t oweT  uff st flask  
  goin raowf pumica fck g antlermeu makideas,ue yot fewer ltokua acrewwtecieedrric sin thh goioas andaayoftaineyoui oweForgder,ancu aa acaffisce
the ba u lefisce
th rb pn in o    wt 5 tellow tou cic ttpe ree warn peopf the r,aytully,lng msiHi	   ttpe is u waxott tmtacons parmer
sitesbre war u@@@d mgpr.1 T    ttpe ifwpny e win aeeyreaerea yo youw nt  peopf the      ,bevu w
(ies oit			  oxia@d mgprousicons paco yologee  ae affisce
the ba u lef,wr
e angh
Exppipe heopf t makecrosr aguithdue ree wilintbliut obedinomp  meauthoCged.1 Simi	  es, roadicons paco yo yourfiredisdreplpipe vehiclmenf laughaeeyreaewilre trbr     no)ric 
  oect   .1 J				be e    ivw e
uuseeo thirtfck     exthe are ogee
purs  w fck n
Nitrtveys    intendo a

 gaitreepny e wfalsri oxicwillsimi	   tortioic sttrsaI ing.i    
previouson.  Ifrrea u areopy cged leyd rt ad,inteuned to Ty, orof at anyow
at cabl   appropri²²²²²²²tearpircumr,ancu ,detonorth c.e inteder,ancurrea u arpny e wreichedulri oxicwi fck exaHe  t		el    ecun d to Ty ofO amageu arpny e wai oxicw  make su cged siyect e cae affischool ck g a anytcafnd ria	haox montfe cati uviola    u@@@healaim bodrydetonwi t			ybodyiuomm    ha mstom ve paink ck flu- are tymptomt
ay evenimYodiateis , yowilintdoc hos;
drch Busm
any eeNorthohfloodla@@@lawsuveslf animagolary tymptomta

A eerf    exaHighrat a tcks.  orbybat ane			    pipe 
			wroagupeopf d int,kany  a hyNTv       ilytigdportunpipe Makwilubb whaheopf t    coo.e Wy evivevenamgecabning.iif				sg a anytd  ofmingymay wed e win ask  mornihis zifica ansfotioybcveve youp   o key)st flhnt, traffihoeau.ree ouu w pe su pl c ifck     day?  orb me thageducthron    in hoeau.is
Cat ho(Cyanoacrylic) GlueoweForgea      u w e
ufck  usinglohnse bhoeau
 The othI ometerusertri)SpraywPhoore 	d t t.)  I ing.i     previousonotfck puaeect e worsd rs,intespraywt.)  ( arerf oda sdrobyeNto oe weAdhend as) f ant.)ect sacadowidisk    atsacadowim veiryowe gaitre
 The othgo  makeoonoiioeoonoispray aguithfu yofwt.) oweLarewirtl f ae ongnetic canat esdrrs, evu w
(1 swipe styf ,as andauc²rd,pipraywboow
pieetonwilu.l			u makt.)  I usinsert tearporax meiont.) ati upl c acfd yhagu pe su .l		a

 gaitreeeNorthg s tomu a pt or compdrainaineyoubuil dowspbyifica get u   main qewainedrain e
ufd yhaguithfu yofwexpacadowipolyureck. acfoam (igdportuninsuloeect crlckselect so v    bf tat			yx mr ety 
buipm).  Ifrrea uff arelinetophe ba tlil dowi(  phois ek ag wilyd r)  
thf
e anp compdrain g now br   spupf drurn co teartapydetonwil hecunscrew teartapthand dsd pflitals; Dca youbebhurndpobu agctf Ojacket ! ioyd r do   r memn' now breaemergencyifire-fb whike re w e
ureaovet u   valmethand d!  orb wanit dou may meproperan  a hyNTor comptensla@@@
(iesacanse b
l	  sTv       ily.

Wy ev      sout tlil dowisyndrome?1 T       wilre due re blckt upproper
vng.ila    ung malckt upeak nihis traffiw g.ila    upanies t  Northask  
a anytw ntslhe samet ebilaughooney,upeopf tice e tfeeyhagutired or
evu w mehaguflu- are tymptomtoweDiat par Withmageu arented  maybris?
Nua iwnt Ag   polu    anTorotrb me t,half a lu a hmare scw     ass
arbr,itut ifck sed a he  geiesbby ad dowisug   torarw²²k polu     of
beef bri  abs gaitreesprayw wcabsurrsianst flAirpIn are regisd rsvinrgl tlil dowialf fck me thresultstouu w peaeeyirbrerurn (in are)iw g.  
thp   o trayw traffisolu     be e  (owc
If  evenarbr,itut ite t Hwanit absorb			 mptyron tty evivevenac		te tcamou are scsp ng ,u arergl newspou kfowcpie it upcarpedeect themsoak truu makaffisolu    ).
Blil dowisecuCged is u h
Explaxfur no wiludly,lng mafnithn Tau.is
nd suponcern         e a itivitipeopf tateehagur thwapupf.  Ifrrea 
entek ag wilil dowiaure thbreaendu put thaorkudly,lht 5 str  washroom
etonwil hqey e wsed aequiping. er ltoku are eak nihisequiping. (pailsla@@@diran  tok    wanit, ie. beef bri   themsug  ,lng mspraywbootle 
fu yofw  r memn,)h parties bee of the  at lete th r cpera    upcompompanyON'T ltoku are sceak ne  tore y et 5ohoonitorect themties bee		atee no wiluilil dowihe Lanset wi torerouse suspicion.  Sprect  r
Summit aorotrb me t      ny eeNr yfe hasnut, e
ui haumonth jacawee wilipeopf t				 ohibe evr haguw     mr  t  Northe bag wilil dowi
beg antle Witnn s sc"sout"wilil dow ofOmeter					keopf thkinkect tactlil dowi    "sout tlil dowisyndrome"mties  Northpeopf the r,ar  4  at lainout,      th.

Os.       					abroockse a hyNTmisigdpobo ga hvehiclme. nPeopf tany
deliceag.iifowilintautomobilme. nA youras an     a potahe rhove forree wil exha				kipex mepua meao   laughg a fss yo.  Ifrtioic tahe 4  at leteis , alsephond the hut,wag wi lighroum
anties  Northtearpor  ty,evu th
Expstopeng mfck     engiry ty,refusdR. trurn ecab.

 f trbr     a pub inuevu t ck nevd  Witnneerson involveddarm fertartabletician,ubbchmck famousicerson,iuomm   oect  meion tht  erhe e  oua    u Witnntortioicub in,  
esuspiciousuobjs wstties bee  blacd
   
h  authoCgeiesbre beeposr used s    s.  Ifrrea ugthe srm feeeyrea  
make tedple 2flhopp    b ms,phroferabes   ve eer Ihoflowiameta b mt 
ta b mt the cartrirpontng.sl, remohibe  mon, e
ufd ywag wi g g now
s Onbtoksuor newspou ksthigh-powcobjs wst   un phvervollackstarw²b wh,ompany, resteel wndke sura.  orb authoCgeiesbON'T lareis   blacals; 
aoroposr usediombydetonblow ls;m	l and. ey a aifrrea uff c    h,r				
claimnwily tlre  paungarb mayetonwiluaoralopany, reuff chlasttow aim isu at   lar ck pub inumischief,eiomakw    min anchlasts.  Ifrrea w nt  toredax mee, yeff   ,c
If  evenoy bep   o local 
ndup cesnoibee sue wil  tg,t and e is esigtepl c d   
			b mt ay agute to this arey
"dof oxi much".   D.emohip   o sigtern thblaims trbr     a iomb,fer
ifrrea yo uff c    h,rthu w Hyd    i  f anseriousuu leinalnchlasts
ratrbr,uck.
					aumisdeinanor.)


Doamageet a mont  ve peopf th goioask (464i
(iet ros ek bledis?
Min   lnoil n
Nitr a hyNTbies tein  assuquveseeiesbfairis ceyouonotat			yxdrug quipm,r a hyNTspr andcn tario2wcmarbf t lworstinhg s te on    tunif				stillws.  Ifrrea w ntute to thisevu wnd suelippery
e
ui vir use,ruff spray-   fabry.  izdow ofD.emohiif tr,ar h, ls
pie   spicky,ruff spray-   fabry.  izdow detonwziverifyue yot fee wil bb whatype Bell junlareis iameta war hagunotd   uff i tene tario2wclinoleumt lworst.  North cll junma routoelippery.


O
thyreaedrch Bus upporae (w   annoyaomp  mem     ag wprolifsrsty t
 upet 5oh  m rasoere. wsura.  orb FBI regu	  es review tathae a rn
     m rasoon pub inutu wi copsty t, ban S,lng msecuCged   m rasoonwhatevinte sup pum  yfouil dowspnotd					fck    to comm    	   edkf an! u lefs tlat t to comm    consit 3ed a posr usedfuoing rs    f   
acks NSA t  Northe bag iwcableticu nyNliwfobevu w
(ies oe, yaof thWORRY.4  at fired anytc lef.  Whir verhposr use,rwilre  partN'T  ohibe a.  
ynarbr,vesen tpe poen triskt uprat blao     h,rspraypai a wil  enswnse bag sarpom raso
mak.jor  pai aoweForg  laughr  ve pom ras, Higd gaffer's ttpe rea²      tearpo u@@@tpraywpai a wo scoo   woo wnrtable,r		d tbreak-in. o   inck, and argun-type spray-e gasrigg kst
 v    bf tat	 mr ety  quipmex mee, ytpraywpai a can,detonorect tacc bf toect  ities oeyelatsuscrewe forreh rb pn e,rpuvd and c bf t  torpuvd and srigg k trasprayw rb pai a  make su 260øC,e
the ba six d iC,eb whafoohipn e.


2.3  Des party t

Des party trpo uinvolvewexpes ovet has kceadiaries,fertnevd asoo60øC
 he  geiesabsorbr  at anonys
sxtso v    bf t trexpes oveedevs opeso
Ill junlteel iten in ty  t, yk     o enl arn  make sus     kigbl

 uceadiariesoggers thyreaedrch ggersmeterskippedTor csxtufd esabs
ut I u    iteotsty evburn ty,ei-powc       60øC iteotsto igngee
ot aorodesigtill dariquipt ck meltgh-powcobjs wsoweDifferng.
 kceadiariesntr  wayd r fck  ifferng. typense battratsoweFpowerany
v     ff   dveut  Northasks iameta ticeagcd tradestroyw rb eet 5ompome bwy evia  u wax mer,ar  e, yfd,yoweA poe  a hy  u waxnotd					ree e      hunrorfocatea    dou ma, tlat e  av  lask)eet 5ompse bag fh,omthemo-powc  lefs, evu w prt 3l

Forgwoo sto igngee,erea yo you     w     s w tem srstupme ealf a lu
       w    oo   burnhagufir the   m
anyh   gnge   u@@@wiluaoodabs
ut          type youikceadiaryt parties 
inseno igngee woo wntrig part
anouil dowspabldar  a luouthy²rdyfd,yoweTrb me t  t wi tor Higd he   m
anyh   gnge   u@@@local oo wntg part
aslty inr.ifi on acfd,fihogs, o amage a hmare ask)equivalng. byg oarhagua ried e wls whr Hros u@@@newspou kstinhgelred k Boffor wax, o amixi   woo  Ihavdowsp  
mak tmtagelred k Boffor waxdetonwil habsuhaguithst flhe ou kfbag. securitreablyd r ca   pua meae ou kfbag)st flhnh-powcpou kfbag)or box omthemls whr cllhu w Hydet a monorth c.  orb me thae baing. iox mepua ompanr ikceadiaryt ca  lask)iies oreigngee,e are scoocal oo wntbeam,trigore cartrirflamw  make su ikceadiarytties  ontinueo. teyoertri)rttrat ecuntilhver. sligngeesl

Forgnon-flammausedattrats,t parties et a sins. -tem srstupm 
 kceadiar absorbI u    mixt
aslof oxidizeeven befue  ,deton    w    acre  o enfll tburnhagabsorbiwcpurs  w iox meei-powcriquipt ck meltg
objs ws,farm fertd the ecausee eaeaHe orbrailto  trlck.  orb me thny 4  sus  ioxorbrmgee,e
Nitrousa mixt
aR    juminum powt 30
thiroe weoxide (rust)ealf haox h   igaayoftainedrch Bel		 osive (which rat ecoect ofO60øC ikceadiarytmixt
aslr
e angeefue  darm fertajuminum  an! ongnesium powt 30ox h  fue ,detonPotassium PerchloC (4, Aa  rium 
PerchloC (4,  anPotassium ChloC (40ox h  oxidizee ofGunpillw,t
 v    bf tlarmsanyrgundetonmo yfsporeect soutswhioxoy be   assure  
 kceadiar ae of gaiy haoy beet a sichemicu nigngeerrtta
get 5  ec it del yedTogngeerrotfck 
h  abovu ikceadiariesabsorbseichemicu nc it-del yedTongnitorslty i! ond  the@@@wt. ptran.  Whiao sus  wt. ptran tic ast flpontacruu mak
  ve e-powc inyTogngee.1 T    type youigngeerr       ffck  el ytsty evd lvdithmage meesctpe w
 ²²bure thte to this    gni ed ck  etolatet. secSe t  traf   seco
thtype youigngeer, igngee sp ntaneousonswhu w
(1 wt. 4  at  nng.slmare pontacruthemsom
 iametnatu tenc it del ysoweDel yts a h! ion dded ck ine   gdpobytad dowia b     k metweu w
(1 arbr,vecetsty evd aneshar  r
e a oakOjackay wities .1 T    b     k  a hy  pou kfigdpo
u makt.yc  laa, trare jachydrau inufluide orbgeloeecd c psulet hasruirec Higdpou makConcendrated Sulfury. acit. sT it del y 1uthem5ntr  wantkf an!  gnge    woo wn ck pou kfobjs wstosefd,ehogs. sT it del ys 2, 3tose4,o
u  ²²wtokuu makaffiftomer, oruu makaffiikceadiarytmixt
aslty evsmeter
     ns. owc em srstupmebre bee gni edae of1 - Linseed cil (themlsnseed cil pontainout,ageduct darm fertvar hsh)ve ggers thctrafficrimacl    kigbR    ccidng.alefd,et or compU.S.. secLinseed cil r
e a  liis oxidizeswhu wexp  wax meair.  Ifrtioisurfacu e ggeahctrafficil ianste   gdpobyt oarhagurawspablpou kfu makafficil, whateviil r
e aoxidizesieeyirbmuchh The owc inr byhrair aguits com whaem srstupm 
Nitrontrurn ste   gdsbrnd r (40of oxidsty t,  inr byh
raishagu rb 
sm srstupm evu wnd suuntilhverfinteis cottl brfd,yowe
ut          esu"sp ntaneous ticbu .i  ".1 T       a  assu.echniqu v  tororth frrea w ntuaufir the ionoabe  esu   ac idng.ale anotheis 4  anceblauseda car.e tubstboflowiamet montpai alar ck var hshhaguteowhatevggea.1 J				lteel som
 lsnseed cil  oared rawspablpou kf
ta   
 ne  n²²r a flammausedattrat.  orb c it del y delicest  
			Thnd  ome bcil, wrch Bel		  oared it,  in 
sm srstupm etonwilur (40of airflow, whany es u h
Expmeam
adTor frthe   anughaeen Ta ck inhn Tau.

2 - Pny Mottl Heaest( anPotassium ChloC (4/Sug   mixt
a)hst flhe  
loeec c psulet( anknoired blvdion) aoo   w
mak tmtal andsre  f an! w²b wh, etonpl c irsianst fl ebilaughConcendrated Sulfury. acit. s
ut  Acit r
e akay wities  and c psulet( anblvdion) andTogngee 
acks pontng.slec 1the 15 minutesabsorb del y y have ste   gdpobytpuaeect whatevfd, thc psuletst fl ellastrhc psule, , alhagu rb , am(s)se bag w
c psule(s)su makt.) ,t andd dowit.yc  laaR. trackSulfury. acit. s
Cond toees,  frrea pua Concendrated Sulfury. acittst fl ec psuletorect rgl  to toeye dripper,kt.)   rb , am cf tearpopsuletetonmo roy fewno acittecot      atevinte sup pursianc psule, mageu arpl c iithst flhebox ny 4 mottl b.  Whiao su acitt   slits to      o enpontacrs     mattl t ads, whateytties ogngee.

3 - Onw
at cabl   re bee gni ed,rpl c i1/2nt  spohaor nd suny 4 Potassium Permangan (40tonpl c ie tedple 2fldripsofwt.yc  laaRoeowhatis.  In 5 seco
tsv ruYs   minutesh cll junigngee w
make fiercu e flamw.  orb c ithis   deliceag.ii w
(1 c wt 3'   ain qizu aa		d ts omthem
sm srstupm.1 T     gngeerrtN'T  ohiwtokubedith10 degteds Celsius, whn
Nitr a hyNTigdpo   anh-powctrshod jaca it del yoweForgevu woo  errotdel ys,, wtie it uppou kfy hapl c d   
			Potassium Permangan (40ton
s     lndripsofwt.yc  laaRaoropu.ii w
(iu.

4 - Calcium HypochloCgee,e(oy be Witnn s Pool Shock, H.T.H. ChloClaa, 
Dry Bl  ve er Pool ChloClaa,)    aeeexcellu t cxidizee fck ghemicu n!  gngelws.  Icll junigngee afnithpontacruu makAuto Brare Hydrau inu an! Tu wi fss yo Fluide,fu makaffia it deliceag.ii w
(1 mixt
aRetonwil y
sm srstupm.

5 - T       a mechanicu /ikcediaryta itr  oxia@ghemicu nery, any est u   mo thg a  riubstugdpobyta poeist oweTakedodl a cigarayd detonwil 
pl c iithbehitonwilumottl bf
ta btokp pum ttl b,rthu wclorthask  
vth    ag wiook,t anriprtrirpovth     ag wiookkstarwrapnwilumottl be gge cat su cggarayd dthu worthohruirec banax meholonwilumottl bf
t
pl c .  Whiao su cggarayd dburnse comp   atevm ttl b,rthu mattl t ads
u  ²²ajunigngee a.ii cea
get dowia ns odre  flamw eerf    rtunignge   
paper,kfurnht
aR r fabry.u.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

3.0weTatratsuanaxTatrate   

Tatratsuay eventhec o  nny eeNorthmaximum disrup    u@rhmaximum
f²²r ag mrum Tau.

ghtl rry 
3.1  Vir useeTatrats

T   mo thvir usedattratsRaor: ableticians,mgecabning.iif				b,rthu
Yodia, utilgeies,coocal  at any b, Finan on t at any b, Spe on tecurterantkGhe pt,sre tigterehroung.atovet (whe-powc inyTiontecabning.iome 				b,rthnd   rganizu need e-pny. lobbyo he pt,setc.,) eduisty t. n!  er,itut has, utilgeies,ctbsuh			attrthe   anetonwiorthmiscellaneous 
attratsuty evivevenif thel			 uppub inusdtng.i  l

Fare reporeb,rth    sltnd evu wndnkey)warfty u.echniqu spablextremeonotdes partyv u.echniqu sp a hyNTigdpo gainkThant, traffsedattrats.
Ill jun conspovth e tedple 2flideasofck 
ttratsu oxialr annspovthed,omthemsteel wnd rantkupbhe e surcompimagolat yol

Finan on t er,itut haslty in  assu.ttrat t  Northe bag wnuouth     peopf t omms?  tired ouprat blaodithrerurnst  nwilintdee oges,w mehagu  torpaytfeei fck ew    servin , tonpay agu s w C (4e youikterantkoeowhloa anetonmortgagrydetoncred			 aoppithiaometer
			b nkkobroo nihie wilipe poe wilintcompmoneyii li!ofOmndvd attratsuPe poen tBank get M veirys (Automated Tevder M veirys/ATM's) aorotrb mo thvulnerabem.
Bewaorotroda s   m veirys iametvt 5oh  m ra'shbehitonwilm. nA ways
u²²r a  ig uiso,deton s  nosefd, ththe   ,ytpraywpai a s   yreaereawhatinke	s whapontainoa   m rai(  py u h
Exppua meao behitondark  te .jor  pou cic ng myo youorthpinholeh  m ra'shbe Northe bag wns. ow  
s  o enlillwuquvlged  uppinholeh  m ra's)o
mak.jor  tpraywpai a.of gaitreeWithtpraywexpacadowipolyureck. ninsuloeeon in   atevb nkk
c rdu.l			y eeNorthext and ardou may medvd and equiping..   T   rig uffkobrw    spickyxott kin qe beeporeful.)  I amoy fewrea tre
atinkee bhohnse be-powc idowsp darketraon46 traffsedm veirys, whn
e60øC itubebhmepump wanit, ink,t anbl  ve solu     be   atem,tri an					r andauchainsawt andxeetraon4!ofOmn       isw Hydet a monbee		nd sueubtf t
If  evenr andaue is ens. -pillwo  mngnet o en				
t.)  itt ca  lask).l			gore caranytcarusinsertedtties iametits omstr the l supbb wha   
ackmngnet o en inr re thbee rasedae ofIfsa  at any,edrch Busw    profipsusedlect sopay agunoataxesR te haox					blid     hohnse bric uti, haoxoutdock 
tnksraffsedatnau
y have a     fattrat.  orb canke	s wha conspontainoriqui  esuwanitri anvineg  ,lbutr			  evenoy bepontainote t extremeis flammauserigolvng.slorbgasesbrn thr
e akxpesdeswhu wexp  wax mefir !  orb rigam     posr usedif  oir  ggerhohnse bsteel b   elta

Atarwy ev      
ackmodiaie cartriesbreapl caee 
ackmo tee o en e     Hig weot fewer ac .pt nosefaee.1 T ; Dclaimnborece tee ca youofferranyt
ki
the bwitesecuCged,edrch Bel		 youwilintfault a					 be Northe b
"globewomarkets"tcartri)w    semn'o it ag sarpat any b ggerreaphagu  recoop profips a at eha e effouyhagu    nd suric utipablhipe Makwilu
wtokuod toeasowilre trbr  at a o minimum waini, healai benefges,w an! safndd ng mpollu     r,vedhopp.  orb modiaidoe	 yourefthe ppub inue ouini  ,yiartriesbreae      uy wities opropagvedh,sre  profipabs gai
c n
²    klrsianYodiaionedvd leve  ,dn
e60øC ituisobytpuaeect t.)  ieowh100 newspou kfbox .l		sowbygtu wi faeect ovth radio jacaeleencies 
broadcastsou mak par)w    itnneir (40tu wi faewaa(rea u areontacru t H frrea wishbhmepurcharthoheir (40radio jacTV0tu wi faewa,)wby
s nphagu rbmrth    s Ojacket abygknoutou s compa0tu wi faewaatillwri anmailhagu rbmra iomb!  orb modiail    e  t	h goingymmanipuloethask  pub inure  profip;l		 youit'o it aohmare askmpstopel    dowiaf a l?


3.2  Tu wi copsty t

T   crimacl tu wi copsty t attratsuties beerailto s,phub inutu wiih,omroadto st andirporeb.


Be Northe bag wvastce taughrail  aniestutioybcan  ohibe    ilyt Hwan    t   
acirbmanainws.  Local heavyfobjs wst a hy  pu.ii weryofe bag wtrlcksein aeeeff ch rdariqlodgl onysc antlet ain wheelta
Steel b  st anaeaHe Ojaclohnse bhocal  ate  d dboockse  eventh Higdp.ofOmn       rsianY				be dery
at nb what eeNorthohnb wh
 kcidng. jacatioobs party tsuties beevir used   
ackcrew,lbutrtabsr us		 ohiontr it fck    s  mer,op.  Icls an  a few miles f and
v    fll tmovntlet ain  flpoit aohaer,op.

Trlcksec n
²cth
ExpyNTmove fsls whlynf laughals whing. er aum
argl derailing..  Tdarketh       spikesbrn thholonwicar.ec     be 
pl c iY				be reaoved.1 T       w     eavyfwtokubuxidrack swittl be g en rack b theh-offshaoroporae (w  lynvulnerabem.  Addity t. lyt Htrbr  at aethe ficu nco
tuc hos metweu w.ec    nse barack so e cae affirail g a anytcan  etec  o yfo    t or comptrlck.  Aand no 
ins  tordo			 erget 5  ejumu kfu r  wayweu wo yfsec      no sek Bote,! iore threa u   
ackjumu kfbrlid ng myok par)me t  e warpt ana    e affitrlck.  oriskjumu kf      ohibe w     eavyfunitrogituisore
ethe ficet ain  anies, ra-powc ian  iesell

 ubreaote yreas, mageu arsiHigifyu
ackjobd   
arhagua steel beam
					inch owc ian  h   ig,ancurmetweu w
(1 trlcks, tonputr			  perlicee (w   metweu w
(1 trlcks.  orb aifrrea pl c iexpes ovet arm f
as dynamgee metweu w
(1 endu put thbeam etonwiluore ogee trlck,rthu
formpse bag rexpes oveeties formpsag wtrlcksel and. eBalou ciagu rb
expes oveechlastobye aveuhaguithw
mak etonb g g n ²²di goi nd sunywhatevformpsaowaoppisek Bothagu rb 
rlcks.  B om
any eprotec   rb
jumu kfu r   make su formpse bag rexpes oyo.  Omn       rresle 
spannout,goasts erget 5 evu wnd suore rtungeiesa

Remeouthnwicardue re urb		wexpacs has, rail trlcksete to it pass
  xt  e ck, and arresidng.on tyreas, etonwioda s   toxinu anflammaused
ghemicu  darm fertchloClaabgas tonpropaaaRaorohipe  t   rail.


Pub inutu wi copsty t    a porae (w  lynvir usedattratupcomp so manye peopf torth cl anotheis taxp  waaarbridizep.ofOmnhub inutu wiihn
s rvin s,far lly panies aoroporae (w  lynvulnerabemrdue re wilu
clortdtnatu      uca  ghe causta    s.1 Sinmpsag wgas     kst  
			
Japaaase su lly panies, evu w
(1 hig.iifoalsimi	   ²    kl andnbomb  i²    kl n a    lly panies ties  Northuaewaa anycabsorbseiuca  ghe cauomstat haslty imeterevu wnd suvulnerabemrdue re wilmw mehaguyirbvng.slwhat evsmeterpoit     conhub inis  c .ssabemrroadto stthemsidewalksuu mak
w    vir usedmetewo hothags.1 Sy even.e tubstabsurchloClaabbl  ve,0ton
ei-powc-a  rial andn acittgore cartriyvivevenmixf
ta spsty t, (       
flowyoun	be dery
wities oe  inte suo hothag) 
ackcreated hydrazlaabri anchloClaabgas iveveneNorthohst mpesup pupeopf .  orb memn' vevene hapuu ww
make smore bomb oand e is eexpes oveedevs o (youn	e  M-80 acfd,fcrlckth  n  ec ita,)wqey ch rbeyoffur no wilu"rushhn Ta"0ton
trbr   veven areis beb		wevacua    u@rhae huttou s comp upporase bag w
panies f andrts, everyd (alf fare)ith    .  B  Northe bag wnuouth    e peopf tinvolved,         su
any euff modiaisdtng.i  l


Highto stthemroadto sttt a o		abrvulnerabem,rdue re wilirens. 
vir uilgey. ne  		 osive (which eNr yf    o prrgramrdue re wil
 s w vir uilgey etonwilu ontinuntlet aive  co tearthoties fty    O
th.echniqu vrn thr
e awtokut eeNorthoc idng.s,phorae (w  ly H frtrbr     a curve,e ohnse bt aive  crrhohnse bstopydetondar s, whisbreae      aoelippery roadisurfacu.  In nortrbrs sta n  aesofty evivevenbthWO .ssaryvivevenbth e weie compaffiroadto stur no
freezntletem srstupme.  orb    ie t trshod jfa
get dowihocal
 Tveseeiesbe branit ivevenbth e ouu w peaeddrurn co aufir thydra a.ofWilre trbr  at  youfreezntletem srstupme,vBell junbebWO .ssaryvree fd, thl y dcompa0l  waae bcil co tearroadoweT  uff suchh Tveseeiesome bcil ivevenbthck, and a,eexcepthe carrea l jun meterfica a yourfel    u wd cil inte sup pum  yfautomotd arrepyirbsoutsi(  p
argmonbeerecycled) o amage a h meterfica hocal  Tveseeiesbe bag sa yourfeltaughrecycledicil ir wast  quipaineyrhrecyclntleyhopp.


Airporeblty iny beosive (whidue re wilu s w leve  se bsecuCgedwhateytmaintain.  Omn       mage a hrurn rn thhs w leve se bsecuCgedwhgge cat e wilire igaayoftainebytateehagu"unsdtngded k Bce  " 
Nit
u  ²²bee  blacd  meion ith    ,t anby)wrfaewn jacaeleeveryd  s    s.


3.3  Ethe ficgedwh
Residng.ydetonborece tee tr  womakdeliceag.ii wa roliabemr   kigunywhethe ficu npillwabs gaitreema routounroliabemrtnd evu w4i
(iet 
c orect t	yxdou ma.

Tities     o yhg s tometroabletaeeyreaew
makaveut adnpillw  ig,ribarmer
trbr     ²²beewiluoccasy t. npn e rn thha  aeeyrkeoono ati up ogei  l
Ifrrea reaoveraffihoea,eei-powcwities ocuttou sitsuayackle w
make pyirome bboltocutt rs,intebs iammithaguithctf OygaitreeWithaoveraffiyrkeree its c-powcp ogei   
Nitr n ²²disconnec   rbnpillw  flhnvggea.1 T      Bus constem oraryvr(ies oygaitreeste   gdkaffia it  rbnpillw      disconnec dpobytpadloutou saffiyrkeu mak par)compesnoibe   ateviffrtabsi.i  l

Hs w tecs harpircuitub    erslty idesigtill dasensweei-powc3 min a		nding.acl  horebloraon46g s toon46iore thdisconnec ou saffipillw f ae safndd    g  s.1  gaitreesafnis couse suve shoreblinhns. -tecs ha
primacl lirys (>100,000rvolts)torect blvdion oweTakeds     lnhelium
blvdin g now a few oo   lengths  upet 5ohttpe rrailhagu make sum eto  rel  gdkaffm up
ndu makens. -tecs haaethe ficu nlirys anax mllws.
As atevb vdion t lw ev   veraffihirys, ag rethe ficu onspondartyv   recoopou satpe rrailhagu ca  lask)b vdion tu  ²²ac		abrco
tuc hos 
ay reect     
acklirys f@rhae h ch nding.6iore thteartap dburnseup. s
D.emohiuse kitesbas trbr  y have suive iwnt ethe ficu nleakainedrties e affistr wi torshockOjackthe focute th , espe on ly)stxdouprw²²trbr.

Os.       primacl hydro0tu wi fss yo  mllws aoroprimacl tttratsuf ae des party ts,fertaorotu wiftomer/swittlect stat has,npn e ru wiftomerbe g enuca  ghe cauru wiftomer vault oweTmllws  a hy  toppled, 
ru wiftomerbrtnd ethe ficu ninsuloehos sre  ah, etonuca  ghe cauvault 
aoroporae (w  lynvulnerabemr meheehagugasolirytabsue forreh rbm eto   gni edae ofOnroporae (w  dattraturn thr
e at fewextremeis hs w secuCged alf tiesofny beuff muve modiaisdtng.i  taoroNueak ripillw geneBothagusta    s.
Tit   slreh rbm ei-powcri goilyw wc   atevmodiaitN'T  ohiuff hub ished,omtt          ki
the b t wi tteytties pipe secret, tlat triauthoCgeies
u  ²²ta routoeeriouslylng mspenduauf atunesieeydded secuCged.1 J			! ionextremeis porefulbas trisuties beeun pnbag wns. o thny prioCgedwhrtuninvo tigoehos.  Omn       mage a he      aohub inuspe tac e rn t
c n
ve safnis qey yoffreaotees,  frrea shoohirono tsou makei-pow
 kceadiar pablexpes oveepayloaestgeneBo ly)aowaoppiaffiststy t, butrt					 be t  e rketh   fck n
pnbag ybat agiehaguhub inut Tau.so e cae affr     ²²beeu mce tee.1  gaiwo youdore y appre onbemrdou ma, tla H frtrbr  aoropeopf tyo  mur Bell junlareis iamet meionond  hub in.
T   rono tso a hyNTmnd  v       ilytbytpurcharhaguEstesthigh-pow		nddel rono tsothemrepl cect t	yxfinteistsge/rhagleistsge engiry g now
"bo sttrgengiry "edrch ggerne			    ogngee 
ack  xt stsge,s consieowhatis ca   atevfdnteistsge    a poyloaefsec     fi  esuwnow an 
 kceadiar @ghemicu nmixt
a. s

Forgexpes oveerono ts,rusertri)
  goinengiry gtlatt.)  I y sek Boteomrono tw.ec    nstoge60øC gore cartrirrono twcan  ohisek Botemfck     
ejec     ifoalk Bochute (rea wo you     alk Bochute,) andTiameta 
payloaefsec     bb wha ehitonwilunoseco
e eer, an ifoalk Bochute. s
Dr  ²²a holehor compnoseco
e a
thp   o oo   nail ir it,fu makaffit adnomstiutou s    o enaffipii  edke usins supaffipayloaefsec       xt  e e wilipr itr ifoalshotgundshell.  Whiao su rono twhips a fobjs w     
nail t adnr
e atverfir t,hdrivou saffipii  edke usin   atevpr itr ifoe affishotgundshell, , ttou sit yof.  orb  ff    ianY	ch     lw  frrea 
reaoveraffih andsre  fmake su shotgundshellothemrepl ceuithw
maka 
primacl expes ovee are L andAzide,detonwil hw
maka bo sttrgorens.  
expes oveechlasto are PETN jacTNT.



3.4  Wanitri
Ei-powcwie supplybe branit  a hy  tit   ened ck itstpurged.1 

 f trbbranit valmet flheblil dowi(  pylty imeterbolts vir usedin ask  pavaing. inte sup purseeblil dow,t andr  valmest  
			law  inte sue wiliproperan,)    hurndpo    agisuties e enaffiranit supplyb flhny
spreckder panies, 
Nitr  eventhecatostrop
Nidif  oir  ay eventheaacfd,f.1  gaitreeoy beped aepoxywt.)   an"liquittgteel" av  lask)valme
afnithe yot fee hutsit yof.  Alnitn (4es,  frtrbr     a fd,f,0ton
.e tubstouu ed e ws     lnn²²rbyifir thydra as, ag rdrip ir wanitrihroum
antvevenmare ask)clortstthydra anthhagu  wax mefi whathu
fir t  witro. ey a a					ouu hagu  ws     lnhydra asein aeeyreaetre
drip wiliproum
ansuive iwntlyb y eviad r fdithu  ²²ajmo thstoperee n²²rbyiresidngigbl

Omn       rst   slry evvariousubacd ria	 anviriiwiamet montpbsue 
 k flherounrvoirgoreiad r tt   ing. pla a canneNorthoh anyc, eto   triauthoCgeieshu  ²²ad  w     s w leve  se bchloClaab   atevwanit,  eve  srn thr
e abe w    up, ttou stortioicub in.


3.5  Natu tenGas, OilothemGasoliry.

Natu tenGasidue re itstflammausednatu      a pr it  ttratu frrea w ntrgmone      an
² mosprbr  e bf²²r.  Inceadiariesntr  eerf     mepua onwhatevvalmetregu	     /me   lar drch Bus nte sup pum  yfouil dows.
T  r     noo this are a fd,fbdvd aot er,ies fk rii w
(1 c pulocy.

A frie
theua ea t,hs ytsty evi wBostonhasks iametgigvesec LNG
(Liquified Natu tenGas) cankerbrty evbrhaguteotg wgasabsorbseihips
c rcl   nY	ch as rn thha   montg a roumed entilhverbeg aesu aquitofty evifoon46tlre t eeNttl fir t anaenblow w pe(a porpsused ciagow		nisslantvevenwtokueerf      r )vi wBostonhHarbour,re cartrirfd,fbdvd
wteventhehuge,ssimi	   in qizu aohaer is eatomic bomb.

Simi	  est tmtacgeieshiamethocal cil irugasolirytaro .sshagu acilgeies
clortt e wilirec pulo    s.1 Ifrtioisuipaine
tnksriao sus   acilgeies
tlre  gni ed larmsaniikceadiarytchlastotecs @@@
(iesacanse bpeopf d woflowiamet meionevacua ep.ofA frie
th ommIwiamet montcond todowihe Lwhrtunye  st n compIn m aeto he pt sci.kthe fonicsothemrec.pyrotecpny. 
s ytsty evtrbr     an cil/gertd thliryte win Canadaie cargon  aesathu
lly larmsAlberhe,t e wilirec
getompse bOg.acio,owilre trbr  at 
refinout, acilgeieswin Sar ha, tlat trid thliryt ontinueslrehTor    ,whn
e   itrgon  bb whatities oesw    p pulo edeyreae					nortrse bFtomh
Aven) ,t mehugeugasoliry,  iesel andTieothagucil  uipaine
tnksr
nortr-wo thny Keele Street o enFtomh Aven)  (womakg s tothoties fty s).
T   d thlirytwil hgon  yo  m Quebecabsorbr  at asupp  wax meyNTmnc utid lvd aoo   atevwholehd thliryttie²²²²²²war u ontrthehos notd   dige affr .1 J				imagole ask)impac		iin. o   
tnksrwen  o enaffin²²rby
natu tengertd thlirytwen  rmeu makituteotg wmiddle 2flakg s tocgedwh are Tor    !

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

4.0weGedeect themAvot dowiAdtng.i  e of OU DO NOT WANT TO GET FOUND OUT.  Icll junne		 evu wfck     mo t		ninor ifoahe  geiesb nphague t  nlistsou makgecabning.iirganizu neesomthemlsstsokepthbyt pe on tikterantk he pt. ey a acred			repore no
agencie darm fertTRW themEquifax r
e a uipmothemreselloinftomsty t
  wo yfsrm fehe  geiesbby mage meprospe toveeemployerbrtnd cred		oau.

Peopf tfk ri    un Witn.1 S  ofmingr   kiguny  h   ig,urb		cesR te     kstat akeptha manieryh cll junite   gdkpeopf 'stfk rsabsorb
excepty t    tearpoto colre  part			    on tigoe   mic     metweu 
wt. edd tsaron ttttratu he pt.

 t			  oxismach rdasta measr With ommdiarwy evrea yid.1 T    l jun
  lyih andn in tyrat blaoy     lfsin   ahe bem.  

Wy evrea yid ay evensp²²k fck its lf.  Iclay even ohibe WO .ssaryvf ae mage meex lainrtioicurs  w fck  usingwy evrea yid, ng myo agutes con
y kesh cl   ierifck sed re bee dng.ofied.1 Ifrtioiacty t    
s lf-ex lanoehoy, yo youworcl ifn.e tubstel   
tkdsbrnd cred			f ae magr the   an(abroohisitutioy yo youtwist atevmo nihis trmagr the   a)
begNorth   
arhagucred		,bag ybat a  lyibrhagou saffieyoer     e affms lvys anaxally larmsmag.

Alto  theawty imrmagr the   a anaxwhu w Hyd    ateehagua rrail rn t
cveven  andi lign in t,dn
e60øC ty evbeemohius agute t  ig uisoeree ht 5  omm Hyd   , ateehagufiagowprec s Ojacinrtiinkect mage a hmare rgl aeleevery      (youn	tities oesdiverter) larmsmagr)comphe t  y
sleevery liry. ne  		 wayd r er ac		abr frrea aoroporanoidc ian  o
realizu afnithtrirfac		rea shoflowiameta blacd magr)lirytwa   m no
oonitored ck  partlre captsue fi wa vt 5oh  m ratoect te tcaepm.

Tryvre consit 3edvd and fthehos wioda b wha e involveddin magr) lansl
Ifrrea at agoect  meionc rclou s    te t  i goinacty t ur no wil
nb wh, iametmage heno attioicharthe bag wmoon?  Whyviveven part			   
rketh  ?  B  Northifotheis tffin²wwmoon,  inr  wo youb  I y ls whr Hfmake su skiesb(sinmpsag wmoon wo youb  vir use) rdass whr par peaed
helpe meex  to co evrea ty idoect ofConsit 3at hasl arerf is can
helpe memare rea extremeis suc .ssfulbin magr)eff chsabsorinkee bwn t
a thh gorea at agoect  merketh owspwelloindaayofn , tonconsit 3eask  mostnlareis  idowsp o evcvevengo	wroagua thh gorea  n ²²dealihe Lwhwilm.e of es, magea  aeeindividuu , evr haguaoo m,r a hf  ²²a cgedhw
maka 
senswee baunror.  Oconstil hw
junno			keopf tltokua  wilirelovet
a thcartrirtecieedrag ybloveein aedtbliutonspontribaroere.


Sayw wcyelloi. inttltuemrepeatedly:b
"I'M MAD AS HELL, AND I'M NOT GOING TO TAKE IT ANYMORE!"

Now, did youwi  ffeel     ?

John Lund   e of=======================================================================

Ti evcvncludesraf   seco
thissum.  

Issum rst      ²²beerel  gdaxwhu w anotf weofeel  arerth.

T    fario   fck inftomsty t. npurs  wus con.  Weein  ohiwaybat aadvishage mage metryhant, traf   spupf dalf te aum
a mageithha  a ²²beewesred and
wtoks extremeis  ff   dvely.  orb me threa erthe st ag sar idows,rthu
wayd r rea  n ²²get o en inm etonwilume thphun rea  n ²²iamea

Remeouth: "Do youget up, t;uget youn!"

