What State?

 )Fuck armchair Philosophizing
 )Fuck Activism
 )You are Free
 )Death of the Empire
 )The Great Purge
 )What State?

)Fuck Armchair Philosophizing
  You've all had these conversations. "Well, I consider myself
  libertarian," or "I'm borderline anarchist." The problem in all of
  these scenarios, including the ones that start "I'm Republican," is
  the sheer fact that whoever utters these words are no more what they
  said they are then they are a fucking neon green interstellar
  mosquitoe. If you actually believed in certain ideals then you would
  stop at nothing to obtain them. However, especially in America,
  laziness of the mind is exchanged for the strength of the muscle. How
  can that be you exclaim, still believing you are not a robot, a slave,
  and a bitch of the state. I took Calc3 and Differential Equations in
  college. I work for the NSA. I ____. Analyze yourself for a moment
  then. What's the last original thought you had that wasn't controlled
  by anything? The commerical you just saw on the television telling you
  to buy this or trust money to that. The stop sign telling you to halt
  at an intersection. The clothes that you put on in order to fit in to
  the society norm (be it punk rags, gold chains, a powersuit, a shiny
  thong, a cowboy hat, etc., ad nausem) How about the time clock you
  keep at work? How about the homework you are supposed to turn into
  tomorrow for school? How about the 'music' you listen to in the car,
  at home, at parties, or even the music you make? Are you really
  thinking things over for yourself or are you doing what you are told
  to? Are you being told where to be or how to do something? Are you
  being told how to speak or act or think? Are you telling others what
  to do? Are you being physically forced or mentally beaten into
  something? Are you doing that to someone else? Well, what's the other
  ways then? Surely without having all this direction society itself
  would fall apart. Wars, famines and plagues would erupt and Atlas
  would just toss the whole stinking mess off his shoulders. Right....
  Remember when you were a kid and you did whatever the fuck you wanted
  to until an authority slapped your hand? Remember that last time you
  drank a bit too much or enjoyed a good smoke with friends and spoke
  your mind or acted upon your conscience? True, we've all made bad
  decisions but you are still alive are you not? If any dire
  consequences came out of those events who caused them? You? Were you
  really responsible for 'laws' that were placed upon you? 
  So the choice is yours. Are you going to live your life or have it
  lived for you? Are you going to the slave or master of your
  mind--cause you must realize that those rules, those magistrates,
  those presidents, those morals, those evils, are all controlled by
  you. You also control whether or not to believe in them. So stop
  preaching to others what you believe and start acting upon what you
  believe in. Words say shit but actions speak a thousand speeches.      
  
)Fuck Activism
  A huge new protest? Thousands of riot cops? Anarchists and commies and
  socialists, oh my! Let's get real for a change. If you actually gave a
  shit about the cause you are going to demonstrate or act for, why
  don't you, your house, your neighborhood, your community, your
  'state', or your world already exhibit at least some of those beliefs?
  Oh! You need help and you can't do it all by yourself? So your
  alternative is to accept what you don't believe in? What great choices
  you have. Would you like your face smashed in or would you like your
  sex organs mutilated? Let's tackle the other argument of "then
  everyone will hate me or I'll have no friends."....Does this even need
  to be argued against? Humans by nature are extremely curious and yeh,
  you will most definitely put up with a little resistance towards your
  ideas at first but if you are sincere in your objectives you
  accomplish at least two vital goals. Either those people will
  recognize their own differences and start working for their ideals or
  they will recognize they share common ideals with you and will
  endeavor to help you in ways you probably can't even imagine.
  I don't want to tell you how to organize because then you would only
  be imitating and neither you nor I would achieve our goals. However,
  if you continue to think for yourself (no really!--fuck the meaning of
  the old adage and think for you--not anyone else) you will learn that
  being free is actually easier than being a slave.
  Let's do a case study of activism shall we? When a lot of people talk
  about activism it usually means something like voting, or protesting,
  or doing a FnB in your neighborhood. What do you do during the rest of
  that time? Go to school? Work? Travel around to different punk
  concerts? What the fuck?! What happened to the energy? What happened
  to the passion? What happened to all the awareness and networking you
  had? I thought you fed 20 people at that FnB? I thought you had 2,000
  people pass through that convergence center? I thought you had 400
  kids drunk as fuck sloshing out to some hardcore? Oh, that's right you
  have to go onward to the next event? You have to make an appearance at
  the next big thing. Of course you want to see your friends--that's not
  the issue. Do you believe in what you espouse or are you as the
  hackers say just another scene-whore? Stop playing to someone else's
  goals and play for yourself! Stop protesting what you dislike and fix
  it yourself! Do you really think you can convince a couple million
  people of the wrongs of the world if you aren't even trying to fix
  it?
  
)You are Free
  Who the fuck told you you're 'just a kid'? Who the fuck told you
  you're a factory worker? Who the fuck told you you're a senator? Who
  the fuck told you you're just a private? Who the fuck told you you're
  just a 'stay at home mom'? Who the fuck told you you're just like
  everyone else? Who the fuck told you you're a part of an imaginary
  state? Who the fuck told you, you hold a credit history that can harm
  you? Who the fuck told you that your asian, black, hispanic, indian,
  white, etc? Who the fuck told you, "you can't do that!"? Who the fuck
  told you that you have to pay to live? Who the fuck told you how to
  speak? Who the fuck told you how to dress if at all? Who the fuck told
  you to read this text? Who the fuck told you to be a good member of
  society? Who the fuck told you that nationalistic pride is better than
  self pride? Who the fuck told you that profit is better caring?
  sharing? loving? Who the fuck told you your a sinner? Who the fuck
  told you you will die? Who the fuck told you to obey traffic rules?
  Who the fuck told you to stand in line? Who the fuck told you the
  music you like is just noise?
  You are FREE! You can do anything you want to. You can live! You can
  live with others! You can love! You have the ability to transform your
  dreams into reality! You don't have to put up with any bullshit
  because you have realized that you are a free human being. Want to see
  the world? Want to blow up Washington? Want to grow kilos of shrooms?
  Want to live in outer space? Want to quit school? Want to flick off a
  cop? Want to piss on the flag? Want to sew sweaters? You can do
  anything you want if you put your mind to it because you are free. We
  don't advocate the bullshit 'you can do anything', as long as it's
  acceptable to society, the laws, or anyone's opinion that your
  kidengarden teacher told you. We advocate the fact that you really 
  CAN do anything!
  
)Death of the Empire
  So how do we rid ourselves of governments and in particulary the US
  Empire? (My apologies to the rest of the world--this paper is highly
  anti-US exclusive.) I personally don't see an armed rebellion coming
  to light very soon. Even if it did, how would you rid yourselves of
  the new army since the majority of people in it would probably be
  sheep, just because we would need those numbers? Protesting and
  changing laws within the government most assuredly does not work.
  Community organizing solves problems only temporarily until the
  authorities see through the guise and is most definitely not
  all-encompassing.
  What we are looking for is a real change in thinking. Education may be
  one key but at it's worst it's nothing but a tool. Besides we need an
  infinite supply of keys for this fucking pandora's box of problems of
  leviathans. We unfortunately can't show you the one and true way to
  ridding ourselves from this empire, as we are probably wrong since you
  are a free individual. However there are a couple of concepts that
  have gotten us a long ways and we believe that if a lot of people
  start thinking for themselves it's only inevitable that the empire
  crushes under our magnificent weight. Respect is ultimate for getting
  along with other people, including those that are drastically
  different from yourself. However, this does not mean you need to
  respect neo-nazis and teachers. Respect yourself first and foremost
  and than broaden your horizons to respecting other peoples way of
  life, way of thinking, and their goals/wishes. Educating others is
  another step. We are fighting an all out war against particular
  institutions such as the educational system that brainwash people for
  at least twelve years--some 4-7 years longer. We are fighting against
  the prison-industrial complex that throws away 'lost lives' and
  isolates their troubles from the rest of society as if to say we don't
  have problems with the way things are ran nowadays. Is it pure
  coincidence that America has the most prisons and inmates in all of
  the world? Is it by pure coincidence that religions have complex moral
  systems that try to be a one-fit for all when at their very best they
  are an instruction guide for a small minority of people that for some
  reason hold onto them for dear life? Letting other people know about
  these atrocities and campaigning against them is only the start.
  However, you must admit that your own knowledge about other affairs is
  extremely limited and you must learn as much as you can about other
  people in your own manner--do not allow anyone else, even this paper,
  to tell you what is true. Seek it yourself and you will be overcome
  with the truth that you already knew but could not find.
  
)The Great Purge
  As a preface I'm not talking about an inquisition for this article.
  Acceptance for different ideals and perceptions is a fundamental
  cornerstone for anarchists to actually acomplish something rather than
  sit around and bullshit. However, that isn't going to stop me from
  ranting about the three worst enemies I see in the so-called
  'anarchist movement' in North America (fuck the name), particulary the
  area occupied by the goddamn flag-waving, god-fucking,
  roman-idolizing, earth-raping, mind control fuck of a giant leviathan
  called the United States. What we have are the:
  liberals,
  spectators, and the
  imitators.
  What about the church, the state, the corporations, etc? Do you not
  see though that the aforementioned are just tools of these entities?
  Before we attack the core we need to remove the knives and blades
  swinging in all directions to get to the core.
  The liberals, pacifists, et. al are some of the worst people because
  they have just as much energy as anyone else that might be considered
  part of the 'movement' and they dilute the scene worse than anyone.
  Their fears of oppresion from the state for taking part in actions,
  their misunderstandings of certain facts because of their
  unwillingness to listen or truly express their views creates a tidal
  wave of bad energy that destroys any real attempt at generating
  tactics and ideas--not to mention ideals and the dreams from which
  they spawn. Down in Miami I was approached by a so-called anarchist
  that started yelling at me for taking ice cream from a store and
  distributing it among the crowd because 'the poor shop owner isn't
  making enough money'. What the fuck?!! Anytime you are making money
  you are accumulating capital, being a capitalist and destroying free
  will and supporting those who murder us physically and mentally. The
  point is that this person wanted the label of an anarchist but in his
  own liberal ideology which was un-surprisingly based on
  Judaeo-Christian backgrounds wanted things to be 'fair'. Well, things
  aren't fucking fair and they probably never will be but we,
  motherfucker, are out to take our lives back.
  The spectators are the ones that come out of natural curiousity and
  many people would say that to exclude these is a dire step backwards
  as it limits numbers but this is totally and utterly illogical--not to
  mention a good fear tactic that the media and states love to use. For
  at this moment someone must make a firm decision for themselves
  whether or not they believe in something and they aren't just herded
  along like cattle into the slaughterhouse. With them they bring new
  ideas and unfortunately a lot of bad diversions. Also, would you want
  a spectator speaking to the press about the anarchists? Would you want
  a spectator fearing (controlling) a group of people out of their free
  will? Fuck that.
  The imitators are probably the second worst on the list because they
  wear masks and disguises to fool us. They are there solely for the
  image and will do anything to attain it. The imitators also refuse
  our most powerful weapon--creativity--for all it's magnificent glory,
  and pressure others into using other well-known, widely-used, safe,
  trusted tactics, and ideas blocking advancement, diversity, and
  produces degradation. The imitators must be cast out until they can
  think for themselves cause until they do they are detrimental to us as
  a whole.

)What State?
  Ah, yes--the meat of the fucking zine--finally! Have we all read Les
  Miserables in which Jean Valjean is sentenced to prison for 19 years
  all because he took a loaf of bread to survive? Where does your
  integrity lie? With an idol of a false pretense-the state or yourself?
  Why do you continually betray yourself, your family, your friends, and
  those you don't even know to satisfy those that only see you as a
  statistic and money? If you live in America you might have learned
  that slavery was abolished with the 13th amendment to the
  Constitution. Of course, it never really was abolished and the civil
  war was just a front to scapegoat the horrific crimes against humanity
  that was up until then blatant and in your face daily. Now, it has
  been replaced with such institutions as the military with their
  governement issued-owned soldiers; the massive prison-industrial
  complex which habitually turns innocent souls into fodder for
  capitalism, christianity, and the state; religion itself with the ever
  multitude of wayward souls sacrificing their all for a promise that
  does not exist; the state schools for their atrocities against
  children, warping and contorting their minds; tv for enslaving a kids
  once feral free time and ad hominem attacks towards adults. So,
  no--until you disregard these non-existent authorities you are not
  free; or so the state wishes you to think--once again excercising
  power of your own thoughts. To this I ask you what state?
  There is no state! It is only a collective illusion that this awful
  power exists. Resist and refuse at every opportunity! Rejoice in
  knowing that it was an institution long ago abandoned for the sake of
  freedom.
