 ====================================================================
                             Stuck In Traffic
            "Current Events, Cultural Phenomena, True Stories"
                         Issue #30 - February, 1999
                        
   Contents: 
     
   My Meteor Watching Expedition: 
   In which I discover that in order to enjoy a meteor shower, you have to 
   lower your expectations.  

   The Bookseller Wars: 
   A long look at the conflict between the Small Independent Bookseller 
   and the Big Chain Bookseller and what the Small Independent must do to 
   survive the changes in the book selling market.  

   Aiding Cubans: 
   Why and how we should aid Cubans without compromising our principles.  
 

   ====================================
                             True Story
                         
   My Meteor Watching Expedition 

   It's not every day that you get a chance to see a meteor shower.  So 
   Last November, as the earth was passing through the strongest meteor 
   shower in about a 100 years, I decided I better take advantage of the 
   opportunity.  The Science Geek in me, which usually I manage to keep 
   under control, got the best of me.  I made plans with some similarly 
   afflicted friends for the best night for viewing it.  

   So early that morning, about 3:30AM as I recall, I dragged myself out 
   of bed and pulled on all the warm clothes I could find.  Middle 
   November in the Carolinas can either be warm or cold.  It's a fickle 
   time of year weather-wise around here.  But of course, since we were 
   planning to go out, the weather turned out chilly.  So I pulled on my 
   long underwear, a couple of layers of T-shirts and sweatshirts and 
   topped the whole thing off with my overcoat.  By the time I was done, I 
   looked like an Eskimo.  I couldn't bend over because I had so many 
   clothes on!  

   Bleary eyed, I met my friends at their house and we all piled into 
   their van.  No one said much.  Yes, we all wanted to do this.  But no 
   one was real happy about being up at such an ungodly hour.  We headed 
   out of town to try to get away from the city lights a little.  Which 
   meant it got darker and darker.  And as we passed down lonelier and 
   lonelier roads out in the country, sleep kept calling me.  Thank 
   goodness I wasn't the one driving.  

   We drove the van to a Lake Jordan, which is just southwest of town a 
   few miles, on the theory that since there wouldn't be any trees growing 
   above the lake, there would be quite a bit of unobstructed view of the 
   sky.  We went down a road that leads to a boat ramp.  It had a big 
   grassy area that I suppose is used in the summertime for people to park 
   their trailers as they take their boats out fishing and water skiing.  

   There were other sky-watchers there already.  As a matter of etiquette, 
   one takes care not to shine any bright lights around other sky 
   watchers.  After sitting in the darkness for a few hours, your pupils 
   open up as wide as they will go.  So if someone suddenly shines a 
   bright light into your eyes, it hurts!  So the last hundred yards or 
   so, we drove without the headlights on in the car.  All of a sudden we 
   were in nearly total darkness.  We moved very slowly, mostly so we 
   could still find our way down the road and into a parking spot without 
   running into a tree or running over a pedestrian.  Unsettling to say 
   the least.  But we managed to get parked without incident.  

   We piled out of the van and quickly discovered that in our early 
   morning stupor, we'd forgotten to bring any sort of lawn furniture.  I 
   some how managed in all my layers of clothes to bend down just enough 
   to manage to sit on the ground.  But after about 5 minutes the coldness 
   from the ground had seeped through my jeans and long underwear and was 
   turning my butt nice and frosty.  This was not a good thing.  
   Fortunately, my friends' van had just enough slope to it that you could 
   lean back against it and watch the sky in sort of an odd falling 
   backward position.  

   None of us were into amateur astronomy enough to own any sort of 
   telescope, so we didn't have anything to set up.  But we had brought 
   some binoculars which we quickly found out were totally useless.  And I 
   suspect a telescope would have been useless as well.  Binoculars and 
   telescopes are used to look at a single, known object that's very far 
   away.  So you only see an extremely minute portion of the sky at anyone 
   time.  But a meteor strike can happen anywhere in the sky at any time.  
   So the trick to watching a meteor shower is to watch as much of the sky 
   as possible all at once.  You have to learn to _not_ focus on any 
   particular star.  

   While cursing the weather for being cold, we were simultaneously 
   thankful that it was a clear night and we could see the stars clearly.  
   I couldn't begin to tell you what stars we saw that night.  I can't 
   recognize constellations, except for maybe the Big Dipper.  We had 
   heard that the it was best to look to the south for viewing the meteor 
   shower, so we pointed ourselves to what we hoped was a southerly 
   direction.  Even though we were out of town by several miles, there you 
   could still see some glow in the sky from town.  So maybe if we had 
   gone further out, we would have seen more stars, but the sky was still 
   pleasantly full of stars, even from our less than ideal vantage point.  

   How does one describe a sky full of stars?  The first thing that always 
   strikes me is that there is no ceiling.  I guess that sounds kind of 
   strange.  But you can just look up and tell that it goes on for ever.  
   It's not like there's a black something up there with sprinklings of 
   stars on it.  It's black because there's nothing up there!  The stars 
   are up there, but they add to the sense of vast emptiness rather than 
   filling it up.  You really get the sense that you are standing on a 
   rock flying through space when you're looking up at the stars.  

   The stars themselves look very old and very cold.  Every grade school 
   kid knows that stars are hundreds of thousands of light-years away from 
   us, but it doesn't sink in until you see those tiny bits of light up 
   there.  It's tough to imagine them being so far away.  But every now 
   and then an airplane would cross the sky and it would seem very close, 
   like you could almost reach up and touch it.  The contrast between the 
   plane and the stars gave you a sense of just how far away they were.  

   Meteor watching is an exercise in patience.  You can't just flip a 
   switch and make it happen.  I remember watching a CNN new story the day 
   before.  At the time it was dark in Japan and they had a poor CNN 
   reporter "on the scene" with a camera pointed to the sky, hoping to 
   catch a glimpse of a meteor.  But meteors just don't happen on demand, 
   and a camera can only capture a tiny corner of the sky, so they didn't 
   actually catch on one tape, as far as I know.  

   So we were leaning back against the van, trying to take in as much of 
   the vast empty space as possible and waited.  And waited.  And waited 
   some more.  It takes a while for your eves to get adjusted to the 
   darkness.  And for a while my eyes were playing tricks on me.  I though 
   that I could see the stars slowly shifting around.  Not like they were 
   moving across the sky as a result of the earth's turning.  I thought I 
   could see them changing in relation to each other.  This is a very odd 
   phenomena.  I don't know if other people have experienced this or not.  
   But I think there's something psychological about it.  If you make an 
   effort to go observe something, I think you have a deep rooted 
   expectation to see some sort of change.  Some sort of movement.  Some 
   sort of action over time.  So I think my brain was trying to see 
   something change when in fact there was nothing to see.  

   But eventually I got settled down and lowered my expectations to the 
   point where I wasn't imagining the stars rearranging themselves for my 
   benefit.  And as you sit out there staring into the nothingness, and as 
   your eyes get more and more adjusted to the darkness, you start seeing 
   very faint stars that you didn't see at first.  Time passes very slowly 
   there in the dark cold night.  

   And then it happens.  It's never in your direct line of sight.  But if 
   you are staring wide eyed enough you can catch a glimpse of a meteor 
   streaking across the sky.  The ones we saw all happened in less than a 
   second.  If you blinked your eye at the wrong time you could miss it.  
   But if you're lucky you'll see a tiny streak of light.  It's not like 
   the big huge meteors you see in the movies, full of smoky fire and 
   brilliance.  These were just small lines of white light that drew 
   themselves across the sky.  One of the most surprising things I found 
   while watching the meteor shower is that they are dead silent.  After 
   watching a few Space Opera movies and TV shows, you develop this 
   expectation that space is a noisy place and that astronomical events 
   are accompanied by booming rolls of thunder and the hiss of flames.  
   But of course none of this is true.  The streaks of light across the 
   sky have no Hollywood produced sound effects whatsoever.  

   They happen so quickly and silently that you might be tempted to think 
   you imagined them.  Especially since there is so much time between 
   them.  From our less than ideal vantage point, we saw only 5 or 6 
   meteor strikes all night.  But the trick is to get used to the 
   nothingness that's going on in the sky.  Once you accept the static 
   nature of the night sky, a meteor strike is an unmistakable marvel.  

   
   ====================================   
                     Cultural Phenomena                                      
                     
   The Bookseller Wars  
     
   Just down the road from my home, there is a pleasant little bookstore 
   called Wellington books.  It's a nice place to browse for books.  It's 
   got that down-to-earth, personalized feel to it that can only come from 
   lots of love and attention.  It's got that atmosphere that can only 
   come when the owners' of the store are there day in and day out.  It's 
   the kind of place where you can expect to get to know the store owner 
   on a first name basis.  

   It's going out of business.  

   It's always sad to lose a good store.  But it's even worse with 
   Wellington books because, I have to admit, I helped contribute to its 
   demise.  While I enjoyed browsing at Wellington books, all too often I 
   found myself at one of its national chain competitors.  Now, I feel 
   just terrible.  

   The Bookseller Wars have been getting a lot of press attention over the 
   past couple of years.  Apparently the loss of the neighborhood 
   bookstore is all too common an occurrence across the nation.  Most 
   journalists portray the trend as a battle to the death between the 
   Small Independent bookseller "just around the corner" and the Big Chain 
   bookseller with its national distribution system and a huge supermarket 
   style store at the local mall.  

   To judge by the trends, the majority of the book buying public shares 
   my hypocrisy.  We love the Small Independent booksellers, yet we're 
   giving our business to their Big Chain competitors.  I think it's 
   important to look more closely at the act of buying books and speculate 
   a bit on how book buying has changed over the years in order to 
   understand this sad trend.  

   The Evolution of Book Buying:

   Once upon a time, pretty much your only access to a book was through 
   the library or through your local, independently owned bookstore.  Not 
   only did you go to the bookstore to purchase a book, you went to your 
   local bookstore to find out about the book in the first place.  You 
   trusted the owner to know what books are available and to make 
   recommendations about which book you will suit your needs or likes.  
   The price wasn't a big issue.  You were glad to have access to the 
   book.  Back then, a book was a somewhat rare and treasured thing.  

   The Industrial Revolution changed this somewhat.  The production costs 
   for books fell dramatically, so books became cheaper.  And not only 
   were they cheaper, a wider variety of books could be published.  Since 
   the costs of publishing a book were lower, publishers could afford to 
   take some risks with a book.  Especially with the advent of the 
   paperback, book buying became accessible to a much wider variety of 
   people.  And while "dime novels," started showing up on the racks at 
   drug stores and news stands, the local book store was still the primary 
   place to find out about most books and still the primary place that 
   most people bought their books.  

   Today, thanks to the advent of the Information Age, book sellers are no 
   longer the guardians of information about books.  We no longer rely on 
   the local book seller to make recommendations about books to buy.  We 
   no longer rely on the book seller to tell us what's available.  In the 
   last few decades, there has been an explosion of mass media.  
   Newspapers are more widespread than ever.  Radio is everywhere.  TV is 
   everywhere.  And while it's just getting going, the Net is quickly 
   permeating our culture.  Because of this explosion of media, 
   advertising is everywhere.  Marketing has become big business and books 
   are now "marketed" in addition to being "published." The end result of 
   this information explosion is that often we already know what book we 
   want to buy before we ever darken the doorstep of a book store.  In 
   many cases, the process of choosing which book to buy has become 
   divorced from the process of actually making the purchase.  

   In cases where the buyer has already chosen which book to buy, his or 
   her objective switches from choosing a book to maximizing convenience 
   and minimizing cost.  At some level, convenience is measured by 
   proximity.  The closer the bookstore is, the less time/effort it takes 
   to get there to make the purchase.  However, the other factor is the 
   likelihood that the bookstore has in stock the book you want to 
   purchase.  One way to handle this is to call the bookstore and find 
   out.  Here, the small independent book seller has an advantage.  
   Regardless of the reality, the perception is that you are more likely 
   to get a caring, helpful person when you call the Small Independent 
   around the corner.  But that doesn't do much good if the book is not in 
   stock.  The owner of the Small Independent will gladly order the book 
   for you, if you're willing to wait for a few days for it to come in.  
   But the Big Chain store, by its nature, is going to carry far more 
   books than the Small Independent and is therefore more likely to have 
   it in stock.  The Big Chain is also more likely to be able to sell you 
   the book at a better price, since they deal in large volumes.  

   Despite the fact that the Small Independent may be closer, and the SI 
   may have more knowledgeable helpful people working there, we come to 
   rely on the Big Chain over time because it's more likely to have the 
   book right now and more likely to have it at a better price.  

   Of course, we don't always know what book we want to buy before going 
   to the book store.  For many people, especially those of us lamenting 
   the demise of the Small Independent book seller, shopping for books is 
   a pleasant pastime.  Browsing for books is an adventure.  There's the 
   thrill of finding an unexpected diamond in the rough when browsing 
   through shelves of books.  And not only is there the thrill of foraging 
   through shelves and shelves of books, book stores along with coffee 
   houses, have become the mix and mingle spots for the literati.  This 
   isn't a new observation in any way.  The rise of the book store as a 
   socializing venue has been well documented over the past few years.  

   The Small Independents can hold their own against the Big Chains in 
   this regard precisely because they can create a more intimate 
   atmosphere.  Due to the personalization of the store given to them by 
   the owner, and because they are smaller, the Small Independents promote 
   more interaction among customers.  If I'm browsing through six 6 aisles 
   of books in the science fiction section of a Big Chain, I'm much less 
   likely to have an opportunity to speak to that cute lady browsing over 
   in the equally large cookbook section.  But if I'm in a Small 
   Independent shop where one side of the shelf has their sci-fi section 
   and the other side has their cookbooks section, well, that's the stuff 
   that movies are made of....  

   Alas, booksellers don't get paid for the number of dates they arrange, 
   they get paid by the number of books they sell.  And there are many 
   competing options for people who enjoy browsing for books.  First, 
   there is the Small Independent's arch nemesis, the Big Chain.  Because 
   the Big Chain, by its nature, carries as many different titles as 
   possible, there is a perception among buyers that they are better for 
   general browsing.  There are also libraries.  Since they are funded by 
   tax payers, they can afford to let people read books for "free." It's 
   very difficult for the owner of a small independent book store to 
   compete with free public libraries.  There is also the free-market 
   answer to the tax payer funded library, the used book store.  Used Book 
   stores aren't limited to books currently in print like other stores, so 
   they hold an even greater sense of adventure for the book buyer.  I 
   have spent large portions of my leisure time happily foraging through 
   the piles of books at my favorite used book stores.  For people who 
   truly enjoy the happy pastime of browsing for books, the Used Book 
   Store is the ultimate place to go.  At a used book store, there's the 
   chance that you will run across something exquisitely rare.  Perhaps 
   you won't find a book that's extremely valuable, but there's always the 
   chance that you'll find something utterly unique, or long out of print 
   from a bygone era.  Also like libraries, you can afford to experiment 
   with the books you read.  Since the used bookstore will almost 
   certainly buy back next week the same book they sell you today, and at 
   a reasonable fraction of the price, the cost of trying out a book at a 
   Used book store is very small.  

   At the risk of stating the obvious, browsing for books is a solitary 
   business.  You don't need a shop keeper to help you.  In fact, most of 
   the time, we'd rather NOT have a book seller hovering over us, trying 
   to be helpful when we are browsing.  Book publishers know this.  And 
   instead of relying on the store owner or store clerk to sell their 
   books, they rely on books selling themselves.  This is the appearance 
   of books have changed over the decades.  Once upon a time, when books 
   were rare treasures, they were produced as if they were rare treasures.  
   Much effort went into producing a book on valuable paper, using high 
   quality materials.  The craftsmanship of producing the book was used to 
   convey the luxury of being able to own a book.  Books were designed to 
   look good on the shelves of a home library.  But today, books are 
   manufactured as cheaply as possible, so that as many as possible can be 
   produced and sold at a reasonable cost and risk.  But more importantly, 
   book publishers design books to sell themselves.  The invest in eye 
   catching covers.  They invest in artwork for the cover.  They invest in 
   getting reviews of a book printed on the cover, which requires a fair 
   amount of effort and prep work.  Today, the cover of the book is a 
   brochure, trying to catch your attention and sell itself to you.  The 
   cover of a book is a marketing investment, not a production cost.  

   So even though the Small Independent book store on the corner is a 
   perfectly good place to go browsing for books, libraries, used book 
   stores, and the Big Chains are also vying for the browsing book buyer's 
   attention.  And even if the Small Independent bookstore manages to lure 
   the browser into their store, the bookseller has been left out of the 
   loop because books are designed to sell themselves as much as possible.  


   Hope for the Small Independent Bookseller:

   So far, the picture doesn't bode well for the Small Independent 
   bookseller.  But I think there's hope for them yet, though it may 
   require a somewhat radical change to our concept of the Small 
   Independent bookstore.  The trick is to take a very close look at what 
   it is exactly that we get from them.  

   The fundamental thing that a Small Independent bookseller does for us, 
   and the thing that makes them unique, is that they help us select a 
   book.  Why do we want that personal connection with our bookseller?  I 
   think it's because we want to establish a sense of trust between us.  
   We want the bookseller to carry books that we will want to read, based 
   on their knowledge of us and our tastes, preferably our own personal 
   tastes.  We dream of walking into our local book store and having the 
   owner rush over to us and say, "Hi!  I'm so glad you came in.  We just 
   got this book in and I couldn't help but think it's one that you'll 
   want to read." 

   In the past we wanted this sort of relationship because that's the only 
   way we ever found out about books.  Today, it's just the opposite 
   problem.  There is so much information out there from so many different 
   sources, we can't deal with it all.  It's classic information overload.  

   Therein lies the hope of salvation for the Small Independent 
   bookseller.  The Small Independent booksellers need to realize that 
   they are primarily in the business of selecting good books for us to 
   read.  They are our advisors.  The value that they bring to the table 
   is just the same as it ever was.  The Small Independents have had to do 
   this for years and years because, by their nature, they do not have as 
   much shelf space as the Big Chain stores.  Therefore they _have_ to be 
   more discriminating about what they stock the shelves with.  They are 
   in essence brokers between book publishers and book buyers.  They have 
   to know the good books from the bad, and they have to know you, the 
   customer, in order to successfully broker a deal between the two of 
   you.  The Big Chains don't even try to do this.  They throw everything 
   they can on the shelves on the grounds that you'll buy anything.  

   So the Small Independent booksellers need to recognize that they are 
   fundamentally in the brokering business, not the selling business.  
   This is a subtle, but very fundamental distinction and they need to 
   adjust their business accordingly.  There are varying ways they can 
   adapt to this shift in their purpose.  

   The Small Affiliate Solution :

   The primary advantage that the Big Chains will always have is that they 
   have lower distribution costs, due primarily to their large volumes.  
   The primary advantage that a Small Independent has is it's 
   discriminating taste.  It would be nice to see a symbiosis of the Big 
   Chains and Small Independents.  Small Independents should propose an 
   affiliation with the Big Chains in order to tap into the Big Chains 
   distribution channels.  These "Small Affiliates" would continue to 
   maintain a separate store front and business location.  And they would 
   continue to rely on their reputation of selectively choosing which 
   books appear on their shelves.  Customers can be assured that the owner 
   is still serving that editorial gatekeeper function, matching up the 
   right books with their clientele.  The Big Chain benefits by further 
   increasing its volumes, while the Small Affiliate from lower costs for 
   books.  

   There are some dangers to this approach and some challenges.  
   Currently, the book buying public doesn't perceive the value of having 
   someone else weed out the good books from the bad and stock only the 
   good books.  The general perception currently among book buyers is that 
   more titles on the shelves the better.  But even for people who are 
   just browsing, there is perhaps an advantage going to a store that has 
   pulled out the trash.  Isn't there more appeal to browsing through the 
   cream of the crop?  There needs to be a directed marketing effort to 
   convince the buying public of this fact.  If people already believed 
   this then the Small Independents wouldn't be in trouble like they are.  
   By being affiliated with the Big Chain, the Small Affiliate can partly 
   allay the book buyer's fears that they are missing out on possible 
   books.  By being affiliated with the Big Chain, the Small Affiliate is 
   telling the public, "We have _access_ to just as many books as the Big 
   Chain, but we have purposely chosen to stock only the best books 
   available." 

   Affiliation, however, is a double edged sword.  The book buying public 
   must never believe that the Small Affiliates have compromised their 
   editorial integrity in order to increase the sales volume of a 
   particular book.  The key to their success is to stock the best books, 
   not the most popular.  In an affiliate relationship, there will be 
   inevitable temptation by the big chain to use the Small Affiliate to 
   push certain books on to the public.  

   The Independent Reviewer Solution:

   In the extreme case, the Small Independent can focus exclusively on 
   what makes him or unique, the ability to select and recommend books.  
   Maintaining a store, keeping a payroll, keeping inventory is a tough, 
   expensive job.  The Big Chains can do it better.  So why compete?  It 
   may be possible for the Small Independent to get out of the book 
   _selling_ business all together and transform themselves into 
   Independent Reviewers.  

   The trick is not to add to the information overload that book buyers 
   already feel, but to help book buyers avoid it.  As with the Small 
   Affiliate solution, you want to actually narrow the range of books that 
   buyers choose from in a positive, valuable way.  I can think of three 
   possible approaches to making a living as an Independent reviewer.  

   First you can follow the examples already set by other information 
   intensive industries.  You can start your own book review newsletter.  
   In the financial industry, for example, there are thousands and 
   thousands of ways you can invest your money.  So there is a secondary 
   industry devoted strictly to analyzing the markets and suggesting 
   investments and sharing market insights with newsletter subscribers.  
   This is a tough way to make a living, but some manage it.  The problem 
   is that in order to make a living this way, you generally have to 
   charge a relatively high price for your newsletter.  For industries 
   where there is a high amount of money invested, this is possible.  But 
   books tend to follow more of a low cost commodity model.  So it's 
   unclear if enough people will be willing to subscribe to a newsletter 
   to help them buy books which are a relatively low cost, risk free 
   investment of money.  On the other hand, no one wants to waste time 
   buying and reading a book that's no good.  And certainly there are 
   examples of some success.  There are many people who won't consider 
   reading a book unless it's received a favorable review in the New York 
   Times Review of Books, or some other similar publication.  

   The other way an Independent Reviewer can try to make a living is 
   through the Book Club approach.  Typically, the Book Club operated by 
   mail order.  Periodically, you receive a list of books and 
   descriptions, which are recommended.  If you choose, you can buy one of 
   their recommended books, via mail.  As with the Small Independent 
   bookseller, the Book Club is in the business of matching up targeted 
   buyers with books that will appeal to them.  Unfortunately, Book Clubs 
   have a somewhat negative image these days, mostly due to their own 
   making.  People are afraid of getting snookered into a contract where 
   they have to buy a bunch of junk books just to keep their commitments 
   to the contract.  But these negative feelings toward Book Clubs are not 
   inherent in the idea, just how they've been marketed.  

   Indeed, some book clubs are overcoming the negative image by focusing 
   on making their money from the publishers and distributors, not the 
   book buyers.  They are also focusing on taking advantage of existing 
   high quality, positive brands.  Take, for example, Oprah Winfrey's book 
   club.  Oprah Winfrey has turned herself into a one woman brand, 
   cornering the Average Woman of Good Taste market.  You don't have to be 
   any sort of paid member to be in Oprah's book club.  But when you walk 
   into one of the Big Chain's stores, there is a table containing all the 
   books that Oprah Winfrey recommends.  Since there is value in Oprah's 
   recommendation, you can bet that she's getting some value out of it, 
   either from the publishers or by the Big Chains, which benefit from the 
   increased sales volumes.  Likewise, there is now a recommended book 
   list from National Public Radio and other established brands.  

   Of course, book clubs like these are tricky.  Some Independent 
   Reviewers may target certain demographic groups, as Oprah has done.  
   Some may rely on common ideology as NPR has done.  Still others may 
   focus on genre or subject matter.  And if you don't already have a well 
   established brand image, it's difficult to convince publishers and 
   distributors that you are worth spending any money on.  

   Finally, the Independent Reviewer can attempt to go into the book 
   branding business.  In essence becoming a professional reviewer, but 
   instead of publishing reviews in other media and adding to the 
   information overload, you literally go into the branding business.  
   This is a fairly new, but emerging activity.  Today, you can buy 
   technical books which have been reviewed for technical accuracy by an 
   independent review organization.  You know that the book has been 
   reviewed by them because the reviewer's logo is "branded" on the cover 
   of the book.  The book publisher pays the reviewer to review the book 
   for technical accuracy because there is value in having the brand on 
   your book cover.  

   Today, book branding is done for specific purposes.  Reviewing for 
   accuracy, suitability for children, conformance to religious values, 
   etc.  But why not create review brand for how enjoyable a book is to 
   read?  

   Once upon a time, the publisher's imprint used to serve this purpose.  
   And in some cases, they would set up specialty imprint logos so that it 
   would appear that the publisher focused on one type of book.  When you 
   go to the science fiction and see the TOR publisher logo on a book, you 
   pretty much know what sort of book you're going to get.  And at the 
   extremes, the logo becomes cliché.  Everyone knows what a Harlequin 
   Romance novel is going to be like, even if you've never read one.  

   But for the most part, publishers are in the business of publishing so 
   many titles, that you no longer get a sense of what sorts of books they 
   publish.  So there's an opportunity for the Independent Reviewer to 
   step in and create a cross-publisher brand image that's valuable to the 
   buying public, the distributors, and the publishers.  

   But Will It Work?  

   Will the Small Independent Bookseller be able to adapt to the changes 
   in the book buying marketplace quickly enough to survive?  Which of 
   these transformations will work and which won't?  It's too early to 
   tell.  But one thing's for sure, those that try to hold on to the 
   nostalgic image of the Little Book Shop Around The Corner aren't going 
   to survive.  

                                               
   ====================================
                         Current Events                  
   Aiding Cubans         
                
   The recent liberalization of the total blockade of Cuba was a small, 
   almost inconsequential move which got far more press than it deserved.  
   However, as small a step as it is, it is nonetheless a step in the 
   correct direction.  
  
   But changing American policy toward Cuba is always a tough challenge.  
   Some people, most notably entrenched politicians who've been around 
   long enough to remember the Cuban Missle Crisis, can't stomach the 
   thought of showing any mercy toward Cuba.  Some less idealistic and 
   more cowardly simply can't stand the thought of admitting that the time 
   has come for change.  

   So Clinton, never one to take a bold stand unless the polling numbers 
   showed overwhelming support, made only minor changes to the policy.  
   But they were important ones.  Under the new rules, there can now be 
   the establishment of direct mail service to Cubans and people in the 
   United States can now send money directly to their families who are 
   still in Cuba.  

   As 30 years of experience has shown us, total economic blockades hurt 
   the people far more than they hurt the government.  After 30 years, the 
   Cuban people are starving and Castro is as entrenched as ever.  In 
   fact, the U.S.  blockade of Cuba actually helps Castro enforce his 
   communist regime on citizens who would otherwise oppose state control 
   of their lives.  

   In effect, Castro has been saying, "I'm in charge of the economy.  You 
   will work in the job I tell you to work in, you will earn the pay I say 
   you should earn, and you will buy things only from the sate." And the 
   United States has, in effect, been saying, "You can't buy anything from 
   or sell anything to anyone outside of Cuba." 

   The key to establishing a useful policy toward Cuba is to drive a wedge 
   between Castro's communists and the people.  Our policy should be that 
   Americans can have any sort of relations with individual Cubans that 
   they want to.  They can visit Cuba, buy, sell, and trade with any Cuban 
   citizen, but not the Cuban government.  But Americans would do so at 
   their own risk.  We can't be responsible for protecting them while in 
   Cuba.  We should offer no official recognition of Castro's regime or 
   acknowledge the legitimacy of Castro's form of government.  

   This will allow the seeds of economic prosperity to be sown on Cuban 
   soil for the first time in many decades and it will help feed the poor 
   Cubans and may even put them on the road to the re-establishment of a 
   vibrant middle class and put them in a position to bring about change.  
   Starving people make poor revolutionaries.  
     
  =====================================
   About Stuck In Traffic 

   Stuck In Traffic is a monthly magazine dedicated to evaluating 
   current events, examining cultural phenomena, and sharing true 
   stories.  

   Why "Stuck In Traffic"?  

   Because getting stuck in traffic is good for you.  It's an 
   opportunity to think, ponder, and reflect on all things, from the 
   personal to the global.  As Robert Pirsig wrote in _Zen and the Art 
   of Motorcycle Maintenance_, "Let's consider a reevaluation of the 
   situation in which we assume that the stuckness now occurring, the 
   zero of consciousness, isn't the worst of all possible situations, 
   but the best possible situation you could be in.  After all, it's 
   exactly this stuckness that Zen Buddhists go to so much trouble to 
   induce...." 

   Submissions:

   Submissions to Stuck In Traffic are always welcome.  If you have 
   something on your mind or a personal story you'd like to share, 
   please do.  You don't have to be a great writer to be published here, 
   just sincere.  

   
   Contact Information:

   All queries, submissions, subscription requests, comments, and 
   hate-mail about Stuck In Traffic should be sent to Calvin Stacy 
   Powers preferably via E-mail (powers@ibm.net) or by mail (2012 
   Talloway Drive, Cary, NC USA 27511).  

   Copyright Notic:

   Stuck In Traffic is published and copyrighted by Calvin Stacy Powers 
   who reserves all rights.  Individual articles are copyrighted by 
   their respective authors.  Unsigned articles are authored by Calvin 
   Stacy Powers.  

   Permission is granted to redistribute and republish Stuck In Traffic 
   for noncommercial purposes as long as it is redistributed as a whole, 
   in its entirety, including this copyright notice.  For permission to 
   republish an individual article, contact the author.  


   E-mail Subscriptions:

   E-mail subscriptions to the ASCII text edition of Stuck In Traffic 
   are free.  Send your subscription request to either address listed 
   above.  


   Print Subscriptions:

   Subscriptions to the printed edition of Stuck In Traffic are 
   available for $10/year.  Make checks payable to Calvin Stacy Powers 
   and send to the address listed above.  Individual issues are 
   available for $1.  


   Online:

   The ASCII text editions of Stuck In Traffic is archived on the 
   internet by etext.org at the following URL: 

   http://www.etext.org/Zines/ASCII/StuckInTraffic/ 

   The Web based version of Stuck In Traffic can be found at the 
   following URL: 

   http://www.StuckInTraffic.com/ 

   Trades:

   If you publish a 'zine and would like to trade issues or ad-space, 
   send your zine or ad to either address above.  

   Alliances:

   Stuck in Traffic supports the Blue Ribbon Campaign for free speech 
   online.  See http://www.eff.org/blueribbon.html for more 
   information.  

   Stuck In Traffic also supports the Golden Key Campaign for electronic 
   privacy and security.  See http://www.eff.org/goldkey.html 


   
  ====================================================================
