LAW ENFORCEMENT PARTROL (1)
by Amerikan Junkie
012


Miranda Information->>

Miranda warning should be given:

 1. Before interrogation of suspect in custody.
 2. To a suspect who is "in custody', under formal
    arrest, or who's freedom of movement has been 
    restricted.

(Notice "freedom of movement", what kinda shit is that?
 It goes to show jsut how fucked up our government is.
 "Freedom of Movement" my ass. I should already have the
  freedom to fucking move, with or without their say. -AJ)

Miranda warning not necessary:

 1. Before questioning a witness to a crime, or who may
    know something about a crime, but is not a suspect.
 2. Before questioning a suspect who is not in custody and
    is free to terminate the interview at any time.
 3. Before questioning a motorist whom you have stopped
    for a traffic offense.

Miranda warning should be repeated:

 1. After a significantdelay in questioning.
 2. Even if a suspect has been warned by another officer
    who questioned him.
 3. If suspect indicates he did not understand, or may
    change his mind about answering questions.

When to stop questioning:

 1. If the suspect does not want to answer questions or
    clearly requests a lawyer.
 2. If the suspect indicates he wants to stop answering
    questions.


PAT & FRISK->>

Police can stop a suspect and frisk you even though
they do not have sufficient cause to arrest you IF:

 1. They have knowledge of facts that reasonably
    lead them to believe that you are involved
    in criminal activity and may be armed or 
    dangerous.

 2. They identify themselves as police officers
    and make reasonable inquiries as to your
    behavior.

 3. Your response to him stopping you and questioning
    you does not relieve their suspicions and fears of
    danger to themselves, or others.


A frisk may not be a full search. It must be a limited
search of the your outer clothing, aimst at discovering
weapons.

If they detect an object that feels like it is, or could
be, a weapon, they may seize it. If they do not reasonably
believe that an item is a weapon, they may not remove it. 

They may remove any object their sense of touch makes it
immediately apparent that the object is contraband, such as
drugs.

They must ALWAYS adhere to state statues and local guidelines.


(The above came from an OFFICIAL guide to law enforcment. 2000 
 edition and is used in all United States.)