ARTIFICIAL INTRUSION
by Amerikan Junkie
017


 Shea was a conservative, and sexy woman, known as the Lipgloss 
Assasin to her freinds, you could tell any assailant with that 
for a nick name would have to be one sexy woman. She resided
in Canada, and grew up in a healthy enviroment, with a somewhat
unhealthy mind.

 Now though she was older, had found the love of her life, and
wanted to settle down. She desired kids, and wanted one of her
own. Her Signifigant Other, and herself tried, and tried. To her
dismay with no luck. Eight months straight she had tried to
impregnate herself, and it just wasnt working.

 With this situation, she took off to see a Doctor. The doctor did
a regular female exam, along with a full papsmear, and even a sonagram
on the ovaries. Everything came out normal, which lead Lipgloss to
believe that her lover was "shooting blanks".

 After a few weeks of considering alternatives, they had both decided
on artificial insemination. The process was a new type of insemination
which included takeing a sperm from him, and a egg from her, and forcing
the sperm into the egg. After the egg was fertilized, re-inserting it back
into her womb. She liked the idea. It would still be both their kid, and 
she liked that idea.

 While researching for Doctors who did this practice, they got a few of
the same numbers for the same Doctor. Apparently he had an amazing birth
rate for people that came to get insemenated by him. They had heard him
refered to as a "miricale worker", and "saint". So they went to see this 
Doctor.

 After a few visits, they decided to go ahead with the process. It went like
this. They would put them under (knock them out) together. They would take
a semen sample from him, and a egg from her, fertilize it there, which would
take no longer than 20 minutes, and insert it back in her.

 So they knocked them out, and they took the semen, and as usual the nurse left 
to allow the Doctor to do the insemenation. After it was over, and 9 months later
Lipgloss was in the emergency room having a baby. She was placed in a bed next
to a woman who had had the same problem, and been insemenated by the same doctor.

 They birthed thier children 12 minutes apart, and were asked to be placed back in
the same room together after becoming friends in labor. Upon entering the room,
you could sense they were worn out from the birth. Their baby's were brought
back to their arms. They looked at each others children and remarked on how similar
they looked. Infact "they could be brothers", the other lady thought to herself,
before debating about saying it outloud. Lipgloss beat her too it, "Its scary
how much they look alike.". "Your right," her friend replied.

 "I do not have a good feeling about this." exclaimed Lipgloss. "DOCTOR! NURSE!
Could I get a blood test, on the father and the baby?". "Yes". the Doctors left
and the results came back negative. Lipgloss remembered feeling sore around her
vaginal area after she had been "insemenated", and when she went home she
remembered a small bit of semen being found on her lower right ass cheek.

 "Ohh God." she thought, "Call the police." 

 The police raided the Doctors home that night. They found evidence to support
the theory that he was insemenating them himself, and plenty of them. They found
pictures of him engaged in sexual activities while their husbands or boyfriends 
were laying right next to them. 

 Turns out he had a club on Yahoo.com for just that thing. He had posted hundreds,
and hundreds of pictures of himself having sex with the women, and their boyfriends
lying right next too them....

 What a strange fellow.
