THE RIDE HOME
by Amerikan Junkie
023


  "FUCK!" he yelled as the metal foot peddles of his bike ripped 
his shin up when his chain came off. He hurridly jumped off the 
bike, and began to rub his shin. It was the day after the boy's
13th birthday, and he had already messed his new bike up. Atleast,
thats what he thought.

  He started pushing his bike home. As he was pushing, a car pulled 
up beside the boy. He glared into the dark tinted window. As the
window glided downward, the portrait of his science teacher emerged.
"Mrs. Davis???" the boy questioned. "Yes, its me. Looks like you have
had some bad luck on the day after your birthday." she stated. "Yeah",
he replied. "Well, hop in, and put your bike in the trunk. Ill give
you a lift".

  He did what his teacher had told. And he hopped into the air
conditioned, forest green, 1998 Jaguar. Her husband was a physics 
proffesor at the local college, and could afford just about anything.
"How was your birthday?" she asked. "It was alright." he stated.
He glared out the window, and suddenly felt his teachers hand on his thigh.
"Thirteen is a ripe age." stated the Mrs. Davis as she strummed up and
down on his leg.

  He felt the hair on the back of his neck stick up. He wasnt sure on how
to react. "Is this a come on?" he thought to himself, "Its gotta be.". His
mind started to wonder, and he didnt notice his pants rising from an erection
as he thought. Though, his teacher did. She rested her hand on the rising spot
on his pants. The boy leaned over, and put his head in her lap as she drove.
Her hand guided him down, and he began licking the inside of her thigh.

  "Im going to fuck her." her thought. Little did she know, he had already 
done this once. At a party, in a drunken splendor. "Ill show her" he thought.
But little did he know, that she planned to show him. She pulled up to a
secluded playground. She undid her saftey belt, raised his head, and reached
into her backseat. There she pulled out a small dunce cap, a ruler, and a
apple.

  "Follow me" she said. He followed behind her, and stared at her nice ass 
the whole time. She was wearing a short black skirt, and a white half sleeve
top; no underwear. He carried the things she had suprised him with out of
the backseat. She led him to the swings, and told him to sit. He sat down the
plastic seat, and she started to push him. After the sixth, or seventh sway,
on the backswing, she lifted her skirt and caught his head with her thighs.
He glared straight at her lucious gift. "Lick it" Davis said, "Be a good
student and do as your teacher says". So he did. He licked and sucked, and
played, and touched. He had never actually inspected this anatomy. He had
never known the taste, or the texture. And here he was, and with a person
of authority!

  "Put this on." she said, and handed him the dunce cap. "Come bend over
my lap." she said. He obliged. She ripped down his pants showing his bare
ass, and she comensed to slapping it with her ruler, and the rubbing it
with her hand. "You have been a bad boy!" she exclaimed. She had an orgasm 
each time her hand rubbed his ass, and she failed to notice a forest green
lexus matching her car had pulled into the playground.

  "OoooOhhhhh", she wailed. The man stepped out of the car, and crept up
slowly and quietly. The mans breath started getting heavier. He could feel
his own heartbeat in his chest. He slowly pulled out a gun, and shamelessly
cocked it back. The man stuck it to her head, and pulled the trigger. The
blast from the gun startled the boy, and he jumped up. Blood was all over
his ass. He looked at the man with tears in his eyes, and asked who he was.

  "Her husband" the man responded. "I've had a private investigator following
her for a few weeks. I wasnt sure," the man said shaking perfusely, "I thought
it couldnt b-b-b-be-e-e." The man raised the gun again, this time shaking
like a animal with a broken back. He pointed it at the boy, "Sick Fucks..."

The Husband pulled the trigger.