THE SUICIDE OF OZ
by Amerikan Junkie
024


  Most of you have heard the story about the munchkin
committing suicide during the making of "The Wizard of 
Oz". Whether it be true or not, it really is pretty fucking
interesting. I mean, who wouldnt find a midget hanging himself
during the making of the film, interesting?

 "The bubbled headed bleach blonde comes on at 5,
  She'll tell you about the plane crash with a gleam in her eye.
  Its interesting when people die,
  Give us dirty laundry" - Don Henley

  Needless, there are a few versions of the story that I have
heard. One being that a munchkin man, fell in love with a munchkin
woman on the set. She didnt feel the same, so he hung himself out
of selfish lust for the girl. *DAMN* whatta love story. The other 
being it a stage hand doing touch up on the stage, then running off.
And another being that it was a fucking crane (yes, a bird) swooping
around the stage from the Los Angeles Zoo. 

  I call it a conspiracy. The Munchikin was murdered....

  See, munchkin(1) (the one that plays multiple parts in the film),
was inlove with munchkin woman. So was another munchkin(2) man. 
The way I see it; both fell in love with the woman. Munchkin2 as well 
Munchkin1 had multiple parts. Needless, the female munchkin liked munchkin1, 
but swayed to love munchkin2. In a plot to get the female munchkin away 
from munchkin2, munchkin1 decided that by killing munchkin2 he could not only 
win his bride, but he could as well get 2 extra parts in the movie by taking 
over his roles. In a fucked up plot, the munchkin with precise timing, knocked 
munchkin2 out, and hung him for the world to see.
  After Munchkin2 was found by a stage hand, it was told that the director
labled munckin2 as being "fired for pulling a gun on his wife". The director
knew that this was a kids film, and it would ruin it if word got out about 
the truth on the set.


Resources:

[Movie Clip]: http://www.WHATEVERmyURLis.com/files/oz.ram

http://www.urbanmyths.com/movies_ozsuicide.html

http://www.castleofspirits.com/wizardofoz.html

http://www.straightdope.com/classics/a5_016.html  
