--(y0lk #102)------------------------------------------------------------------
the plural of bonus is bonii.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        i just realized this today.  it's very interesting.  the plural of
bonus is bonii.

        this may or may not be true.  who cares.  i'm basing this observation
on the assumption that bonus comes from latin, which i don't know for a fact,
and that it hasn't been anglicised.  so i'm unsure of it,  but i'm not going to
bother looking it up.  you're my adoring public, you should be taking my words
as gospel and accept what i say as fact no matter how ignorant or biased it is.
come on.  fuck life.  play by my rules.

---

        i found this little tidbit of radical expression on the inside of a
type o negative bootleg.  it's pretty interesting - it's designed in the form
of some twisted propaganda flyer.  observe.

---

STUCK?

you can't do anything anymore.
your clogged mind won't let you.

when stuck in a traffic jam, there are two ways to get out:
        1. you can get out of your car and leave.
        2. you can shoot all the people hogging up the highways and blow up
           their cars.

ARE YOU LIVING LIFE FOR THE FUTURE?
        ...don't bother.

make a decision NOW about your present.  things aren't going to change, unless
you make them change.  either off yourself, off them, or, continue muddling
through, as you are now, at the whims of others who aren't worth a shit.

the choice is yours and yours only.
take charge now!
AFFIRM YOUR WORTHLESS LIFE!

---

        interesting.  amusing.  something of that sort.  heh.  some big tough
radical opinion.  i'm sure it'll change all of your lives.  yeah.

        don't mistake me for an extremist trying to force his opinion on the
world.  i'm just watching and showing.  i don't care what you think about life.
i know these violent, radical expressions don't really mean anything.  in fact,
i'm sorry to have typed that out, because it can be misleading about me or
misdirecting to you.  but i'm not going to go back and erase it.  it happened,
we've seen it happen, and it's not going to un-happen.

        sorry.

---

        let's shift the momentum for a while.  i feel like talking about
politics.  politics are happening in america.  politicans are scurrying around
trying to beat their nemeses, taking sides, blah.  but in my opinion, they're
worrying about the wrong things.  prayer in school, drugs, whine, whine, whine.
we need to do a few things to this country, and those things don't involve
trivial things like school and some crackhead's personal affliction.

        but i don't want to get that far into it.  all i really want to say is
that the government needs to realize that our nation is based on, or should be
based on, the system of capitalism.  the government should not be babysitting
our privately-owned industries.  forget about controlling minimum wage or
sexual harrassment in the workplace or equal opportunity.  if some businessman
decides he doesn't want niggers working in his office because he thinks they're
stupid, that's his decision.  america should respect people that take their own
initiative like that.

        affirmative action is the same deal.  stop fussing over it and the
individual colleges will even themselves out.  let industry take its power
back.  this country is based on money, and that's why it works.  we should stop
denying that we're greedy bastards and accept the facts.  we only care about
ourselves.  our society is based on greed, and that is why it has risen to
become the greatest, richest, and most free society of all time.

        and kill welfare.  let the poor, incompetent bastards die.  purify
society.

        and establish a national religion and exterminate those who refuse to
convert.

        and make abortion mandatory.

---

        i'm sorry for everything i've said in this issue, and i'm even sorrier
for meaning it.
