--(y0lk #110)------------------------------------------------------------------
y0lk number 110: a message from god                                  - by creed
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        this is a message i wrote to a person i really don't know very well,
which was really just a result of my usual boredom reaching its usual
delusional state.  i thought it was mildly interesting, so i thought i'd
publish it.  it seems like it would serve well to send to people you know
can be easily distracted by ambiguity, or maybe just easily confused.  just
another one of my many tools of anarchy.  i hope you all enjoy it very much.

--(a message from god)---------------------------------------------------------

hello, <victim>.

whether you know me or not is insignificant.  i'm sure you are fully
aware of who i am, and have spent many hours at night in bed wondering
exactly what my motivation is in this world, so i have no need to
introduce myself.  what you are most likely wondering about at this
point is why i have decided to occupy my time by mailing you.

...

well, there is no reason for me mailing you right now.  but then, there is
no reason behind any of my actions.  i just received an impulse that told
me to send you mail, which i am now doing.  don't feel obliged to reply to
me, because i do not expect you to, because i would not do so unless my
god ordered me to.

blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah.

anyway, <victim>, i admire you, although i do not know you.  i also know that
you are very familiar with being admired.  and although you may be
somewhat numb to this feeling, you are still strengthened by positive
gestures and positive information, whether you like it or not.
right now you might be expecting me to ask you to accept jesus christ as
your personal lord and savior.  i apologize if i've given you that
impression of me.  actually, i'm just writing into the air right now.  in
fact, if you're reading this right now, i am wasting your time, by
conventional standards.  i am neither providing you with information nor
material.  so you should stop reading now.  all things are better left
unsaid, anyway.

you're still reading, aren't you?  the people don't usually see your
whole, do they, <victim>?  this doesn't bother you, really, until the people
start thinking they know you.  but that doesn't matter, because the people
don't know any better, because they don't even see their own wholes.  they
don't even come close.  of course, neither do you, but you have seen much
more of yourself then the people ever will.

but you know that the people just appear this way to you because the
people are all planning to kill you.  you know this because the people
tap you on the shoulder every five minutes.  you can only try to make
yourself as powerful as possible in what little time you have left before
the people strike.  lucky for you, you possess mental energies far beyond
those of anyone who has ever graced this world.

<victim>, what follows is the most important message you will ever read in
your life.  look at it closely.

ewqizpeldjhnguwoxzldkeuqiodkghkjqpalxbvhfggqkeuslafhgoopoejdkalmdaksueqzz.

so why did god put cyanide salts on the earth if he didn't want you to
inhale them?  i think you know the answer to this one.  it's on page 210
of the bible.

anyway.

it probably appears to you as if this message has been progressively.  well,
i guess you really just don't understand, then.  so, i'll conclude now.

just kidding.

ok, i'll conclude now.

no, wait, i forgot to tell you one really important thing.

aah, forget it.  i'll conclude ...

now.
