xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxy0lkxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
           yolk issue number twelve : why showgirls was a great movie
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxy0lkxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

xxxxxxxxxx(intro)xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

  you might be thinking to yourself `hey, those x's are annoying as hell.'

  damn straight they are.

  anyway.. the next thing you're probably thinking is, well, you're not
actually THINKING this, [which is sort of my point], you're assuming this:
that i've actually SEEN the movie showgirls if i'm gonna write a review about
it. nope, i haven't seen it. that's where you're wrong. that's why i'm about
to revolutionize the lucrative reviewing industry. take cover siskel and
ebert, here i come.

xxxxxxxxxx(review)xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

iO0ioOoX.aoOXoO   --> THE NC-17 RATED SHOWGIRLS REVIEW <--   OoXOoa.XoOoi0Oi

 showgirls rocked. elizabeth berkley was naked a lot. so were other chicks.

xxxxxxxxxx(more)xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

  there it is. sheer, concise, and you know what? i bet you're all gonna see
the movie now. i bet if siskel and ebert just said that review, people would
say `you know? that sounds like a good movie. i think i'm gonna see it.
thanks guys' ... instead of `shutup fatso.'

  ok, so maybe my reviewing technique isn't that good. maybe it leaves
something to be desired in the way of details, where siskel and ebert may
have a small edge on me. i don't care. i like it.

xxxxxxxxxx(shoutouttoirc)xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

  sup mogel, oeb, belial, rattle, tut, the_pervert, pedo_phile, the_rapist.

  shoutouts to yawl.

  yeah, so my friends have weird nicknames.

xxxxxxxxxx(chief_shephard)xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

  as a little side note, i am now the chief shephard of y0lk. i herd the
sheep, in a metaphorical sort of way. basically, i'm like below creed, but
above members. actually, no, i'm just chief shephard. anyway.. if you want
to write for y0lk now, you can contact me too.. hooch or hooch_ on irc..
i'm on pretty often. but let's get back to the main focus of this article.

xxxxxxxxxx(reviews)xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

  anybody catch the movie, `the prophecy?' you should. it's pretty cool.
deals a lot with religion.. kinda gory, very funny at parts, too. i'd say
you should see it.

  i saw ghostbusters for the first time in about ten years last night. boy,
was it great. has to be one of my all time favorite movies. if you think
about it, too, there are _SO_ many famous people in it. bill murray, dan
akroyd, harold ramis, the black guy from congo, sigourney weaver, rick
moranis, the lady from that show with the short guy where they work at a
restaurant [it got cancelled].. and i think even a few others.

  boy, that movie swells up a lot of emotions inside of me. you know that
part where they're all coming down the street at the end in their ghostbuster
mobile and the crowd's going nuts and the phat music soundtrack is playing..
it just makes me so moved, so inspired to do good.

  so i farted.

  anyway.. then they're in front of the temple of zuel, they're all looking
up, and there's this big earthquake. you're not sure [for only a second] if
the ghostbusters are ok, cuz they fall into the ground.. but then you see
them come out, and the crowd's like `they're alright!!' and everyone goes nuts
and the music kicks in again.

  really, a classic, GREAT movie. go out and rent it, now. fart, too, for
effect.

xxxxxxxxxx(os/2warp)xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

  it's really a great os. too bad win95 is the standard, and all cool games
are for win95 only.. god-damnit that frustrates me. i finally got pcb15.21
working well with os/2, with no lag during xfers. for all you multi-node
sysops out there.. i know dv is easier, and more attractive because of that.
but once you have warp rigged, it ROCKS. i say go for it.

xxxxxxxxxx(ok)xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

  ok, so this article didn't have much of a main point. but, i felt like
writing. so i did. anyway, this is now y0lk #12. if you need to reach me,
the cheif shephard of y0lk, write me at:

eric.jaffe%wdl@cjbbs.com

i'm working on getting us that ftp.fc.net ftp site.. for now you can leech
the y0lks there in the \pub\deadkat\humor\incoming .. yeah, i think that's
where they are. and then maybe uploads.. or something. i dunno.. i'll have
the set site in a few days.

  or call the whq of y0lk, at 201-762-1373.. 2 ringdown nodes.. all the y0lk
articles, minutes after they come out. anyway.. later yawl.


