                         _____/\ _____/\  _____/\ 
                         \  ___/ \  ___ \ \  ___/ 
                          \/ \   /\/   _/ /\/ | \ 
                          /  /  /  |\  \ / /__|  \
                          \  \  \__|/\  \\____   /
                           \_/    Y   \_/  Y  \_/ 
                            Y     !    Y   !   Y  
                            !     :    !   :   !  
                            :     .    :   O   :  
                            .     .    .       .  
                            o     O    o       o  

                          Tha Ruthless 0rganization


ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
                   Free To Do Az We Please Motherphukerz!
ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
                                                                   Feb 23, `96


   "It's not Freedom of Expression, It's just Sick Shit." - Some Old Whore



    Hello Mothaphukkkas, I am Gangsta live with brand new shit that will make
you want to kill Republican scum.... Why you ask??  Because, f00 its the fun
thing to do......


 þ þ þþ þ þ þþ þ þ þþ þ þ þþ þ þ þþ þ þ þþ þ þ þþ þ þ þþ þ þ þþ þ þ þþ þ þ þþ


So Who are these sick Members of TR0?  Why ask?  Well According to the latest
listing.. ummm... let me guess...


                             (No Order really..)




°°±°°°°°°±°°°°°°±°°°°°°°°±°°°°°°°°°°±°°°°°°°°°°±°°°±°°°°°°°°°±°°°°°°°°±°°°°±°±
            °
Gangsta.....± Fuck this is me.. . Yeah just another Wanna Be Lozer... Fuck you
Dr. Boffo...° Tell you the truth I don't know if he is or isn't anymore.
Cochese.....° Homie who runs the K-Kool Succulent Shrimp BBS... that right? ;)
Quinn The ?.° Damn Perverted Eskimo who rapes everything in sight... 
Smurfette...± Evil Dark Smurf who smokes Shrooms and has a hell of a bite...
AstroCreep..° Alien that couldn't get non on its world so he came to Earth
Spare Time..° He grows things on his spare time.. Just What I am not sure.. 
fX..........± All I know is that he paid a huge amount of money to be a member
RapeMan.....° New Member.  Purpose: Rapes those who do not send donations!
ID..........° Inaccurate Decay - I owe him money so shut up damn lamers...
Dark Soldier° Did the logos for issue 4 then moved and got hit by a car... 
Hell Warrior± Future Artist for Our Group...
Psych0......° Homie that moved.. Might still net...
            °
°°°°±°°°°°°°±°°°°°°°±°°°°°°°°°°±°°°°°°°°°°°°±°°°±°°°°°°°°±°°°°°°°°°±°°°°°°°±



 þ Censorship  þ  Censorship  þ   Censorship  þ   Censorship  þ  Censorship  þ



    The following text you will see is from a local 2i4 Board.  The reason it
is in the issue is that it is a perfect example on how some people would like
to see things such as our E-Zine being Censored right out of existance.  These
kinds of people do not belive that what we are doing is freespeech at all. I
wish people would realize that if you do not like this Zine then you do not
have to read it. 



                     THE CASTßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
                     Yellowrose - Some 43 Year old woman
                      ViP        - Me A.K.A Gangsta 
                     ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß



    Ok let me give you a little background info. here.  Well Yellowrose one
day decides to call my board.  This board is one of the few Freedom of Speech
and Information based BBSs in Dallas.  She didn't like the messages and
decides to call everyone there childish in a few messages.  She leaves me
email how this is not her type of board and so on.  This was cool with me.
However, I admit that I got a bit annoyed when I called out to a few other
local boards and saw her bashing my board.  (At two of those boards I am the
CoSysOp)

    Naturally, I defended my board and ideas and that stared a long series of
posts.  Well the reason I am telling you this is that I have left out all the
responses that are about my BBS or me talking to other people.  The Messages
shown here are only about TR0.  They are in their original forms with Typos
and all.

    If you want a copy of the whole Post from 1 to whatever I have a copy of
the entire thing on my BBS.  It is 80K+ in size.  During the end of this 
post you might notice that I become a bit annoyed with Yellowrose.  So if I
act like an asshole please excuse me.....   ;)



item: 4
subj: Conversation(response 23)
from: Yellowrose
to  : Vip
on  : Tue  6-Feb-1996  9:37p

V> Y> of fact, after reading your trashy little files about raping little
V> girls,
V> Y> maiming and decapitating women in various ways to various sexual
V> desires,
V> Y> molesting children, etc.... I DON'T want to have any more to do with
V> you
V> Y> whatsoever.

V> Well hmm are these from the Cult of the Dead Cow or TR0 files?  If you
V> think that I would actually be serious about an of that stuff you really
V> do need to lighten up.

The files I refer to are TRO files and that trash is not expression of speech.
It is, as I said, sick s---!  While the files I specifically refer to were
written by Nipto and (I believe) Quinn the Eskimo, they are sick, sick stuff.
Considering what just happened to Amber Hagerman and the general public
feelings about child molesters and rapists.....what you call simple freedom of
speech, I call sick writings from sick people.  I have to wonder if Jeffery
Daumer and/or Henry Lucas (and the like) ever wrote stuff similar to that
crap---and I DO mean crap!

Perhaps you should go back and reread THOSE files.  I really don't think you
will find too many people who would agree this is "adult material" as such.
There is adult erotic material and there is sick s---, and what those files
are is (plain and simple) SICK!  Do you find it amusing reading about little
girls bludgeoned, tortured, maimed and raped?  Sorry, not me...and I think
most of the people out there would, indeed, agree with me!

Now, I'm through with this conversation because you keep repeating certain
things over and over and it's not gonna do any good to continue this on.
Actually, I'm pretty bored with the whole thing by now!
 
STags2.01:       Malaria.................. Several shopping Stores.
            

                        ---<--<--@


 - - - - - - - - - - - - - CuT Here: Next Message - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


item: 4
subj: Conversation(response 24)
from: Vip
on  : Thu  8-Feb-1996  9:20p

On Tue  6-Feb-1996  9:37p, Yellowrose said to Vip:

Y> The files I refer to are TRO files and that trash is not expression of
Y> speech.  

Well its TR0 and yes I do carry those files.  In fact I'm one of the writers
and the publisher.  Now I ask you though how come you think this is not
Freedom of Speech and expression?  Just because it is sick for you doesn't
mean that we do not have the right to publish our Zine.  It wasn't perhaps
ment for you but so far most people like them.

Y> It is, as I said, sick s---!  While the files I specifically
Y> refer to were written by Nipto 

Nipto is not part of TR0 and in fact we hate him.  Well I just used one of his
former posts as an example of what goes through the mind of a sick serial
pediophile that he is..  

Y> and (I believe) Quinn the Eskimo, they are
Y> sick, sick stuff.

As of Quinn it is mainly just sick humor but you don't have to like it.  I
would also say that most of the rants and short stories written in TR0 are
purely out of fun.  perhaps you shouldn't take them all so seriously.  We are
mostly a bunch of Generation Xers writting something that we think is funny
and that is funny to alot of our generation.

Y> Considering what just happened to Amber Hagerman and
Y> the general public feelings about child molesters and rapists.....

Well now who says that we approve of what happened to Amber Hagerman?

Y> what you
Y> call simple freedom of speech, I call sick writings from sick people.  I
Y> have to wonder if Jeffery Daumer and/or Henry Lucas (and the like) ever
Y> wrote stuff similar to that crap---and I DO mean crap!

Yes but this is just a diffrence in opinion.  I respect your but I do not take
the stuff written in TR0 as seriously as you do.  Perhaps you have not seen
our modern world today.  Everyone writes this kind of stuff.  There are tons
of Zines just like ours. cDc was the first leader in this.  Its done mainly
out of fun.

Y> Perhaps you should go back and reread THOSE files.  I really don't think
Y> you will find too many people who would agree this is "adult material" as
Y> such.  There is adult erotic material and there is sick s---, and what
Y> those files are is (plain and simple) SICK!  Do you find it amusing
Y> reading about little girls bludgeoned, tortured, maimed and raped?  Sorry,
Y> not me...and I think most of the people out there would, indeed, agree
Y> with me!

actually you are only the 3 person I have ran across that didn't like our
zine.  By now at least over a hunred people have said that they liked it.

Y> Now, I'm through with this conversation because you keep repeating certain
Y> things over and over and it's not gonna do any good to continue this on. 
Y> Actually, I'm pretty bored with the whole thing by now!

Fine then.  Just a diffrence in opinion.


 - - - - - - - - - - - - - CuT Here: Next Message - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


item: 4
subj: Conversation(response 34)
from: Yellowrose
to  : Vip
on  : Sat 17-Feb-1996  1:17a

V> It would seem now that you are more into Censorship than Freedom of
V> Speech.  The Trash you are refering to is just public information that the
V> Freedom of Information act makes legal.  Yes I am a great follower of
V> Freedom of Information too and have no problems with having H/P/A/V/C/C/Z
V> related text files.
V> Well hmm are these from the Cult of the Dead Cow or TR0 files?  If you
V> think that I would actually be serious about an of that stuff you really
V> do need to lighten up.

Actually, really the only REAL problem I have with anything about you is that
regardless of what you say about freedom of speech, etc...those...THOSE files
which you REPRESENTED as TRO files...were...as I said...sick...truly sick.
It's not ever funny to read anything about children being molestested, having
their cuts throat, being raped and tortured...no matter what YOU say about
freeedom of speech.  YOU...and you alone could have practiced some kind of
integrity and NOT included the really sick files about raping and molesting
girls and little children but you...YOU...chose to represent those files as
TRO files which makes YOU just as guilty.... freedom of speech is one thing my
dear friend but what those files contained came from totally sick minds and
should not have in any way, fashion or form been reproduced for anyone to
read.  I would be embarrassed to even be known with what that kind of trash,
horrible, sick, sick trash that was in those files.  Do you find it funny or
amusing what happens to the Amber Hagerman's of the world.  It's those kind of
people that read/write those kinds of files and I...for one...would definitely
want to know if I lived even remotely close to a sick bastard who would write
that kind of filth and trash about raping/molesting/torturing children and/or
women.  And actually...as I've stated time and again...I'm quite sure most of
general American would agree!  So.... that's basic my only bitch and if you
have any self-respect whatsoever, you should distance yourself between that
kind of trash!
 
STags2.01: All human life ends when you take a "dirt nap."
                     

                        ---<--<--@


 - - - - - - - - - - - - - CuT Here: Next Message - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


item: 4
subj: Conversation(response 35)
from: Yellowrose
to  : Vip
on  : Sat 17-Feb-1996  1:28a

V> Nipto is not part of TR0 and in fact we hate him.  Well I just used one of
V> his former posts as an example of what goes through the mind of a sick
V> serial pediophile that he is..  

Well lemme tell you something honey...but spreading that kind of filth you
only feed into it....there is enough of that sick shit in the world and you
(by including it in your newsletter) are guilty by association and show
support...that's sick shit dude...can you deny what that sick sob wrote is NOT
sick shit...give me a break....I would cringe to think if I knew some lunaticv
who was writing shit like that was living next door to me!

V> are mostly a bunch of Generation Xers writting something that we think is
V> funny and that is funny to alot of our generation.

Oh, so you think raping women is funny.  You think that cutting their heads
off and F--- their heads is funny.  Dude, I'm sorry but I guess when it comes
to shit like this...true...I have very little sense of humor because I do,
indeed, find it completely humorless.  Would you find it quite as humerous if
it happened to your sister or your mother (God forbid).

V> Well now who says that we approve of what happened to Amber Hagerman?

By spreading those kinds of writings you show your approval.  I'm just trying
to point out what you should use/have a little bit of integrity and use it
before publishing just anything out there.  Those...THOSE.. kinds of
perversions are not worthy of the print that is used on them...think about it
dude....THINK about it!

V> Yes but this is just a diffrence in opinion.  I respect your but I do not
V> take the stuff written in TR0 as seriously as you do.  Perhaps you have
V> not seen our modern world today.  Everyone writes this kind of stuff. 

Dude......NO...NOT everyone writes this kind of stuff.  I don't know what kind
of literature you go around reading...but that sick this is not typical of
what is out there...and the sooner you grow up and realize that and see it for
what it is...the better....you better go a little deeper dude....it's not
funny and it's not the norm...

V> actually you are only the 3 person I have ran across that didn't like our
V> zine.  By now at least over a hunred people have said that they liked it.

Actually...Ya know...I don't believe you....at least I don't want to believe
you....that's a pretty lame excuse for what you are doing...YOU better look in
the mirror and reread that horrible, sick stuff and do yourself a favor and
distance yourself between that kind of sick shit and truly erotic writings...
 
STags2.01:  Try to run, but my feet have been nailed to the floor..
            

                        ---<--<--@


 - - - - - - - - - - - - - CuT Here: Next Message - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


item: 4
subj: Conversation(response 38)
from: Vip
on  : Sun 18-Feb-1996  4:29p

On Sat 17-Feb-1996  1:17a, Yellowrose said to Vip:
Y> Actually, really the only REAL problem I have with anything about you is
Y> that regardless of what you say about freedom of speech,
Y> etc...those...THOSE files which you REPRESENTED as TRO files...were...as I
Y> said...sick...truly sick.  It's not ever funny to read anything about
Y> children being molestested, having their cuts throat, being raped and
Y> tortured...no matter what YOU say about freeedom of speech.  YOU...and you
Y> alone could have practiced some kind of integrity and NOT included the
Y> really sick files about raping and molesting girls and little children but
Y> you...YOU...chose to represent those files as TRO files which makes YOU
Y> just as guilty.... freedom of speech is one thing my dear friend but what
Y> those files contained came from totally sick minds and should not have in
Y> any way, fashion or form been reproduced for anyone to read.  I would be
Y> embarrassed to even be known with what that kind of trash, horrible, sick,
Y> sick trash that was in those files.  Do you find it funny or amusing what
Y> happens to the Amber Hagerman's of the world.  It's those kind of people
Y> that read/write those kinds of files and I...for one...would definitely
Y> want to know if I lived even remotely close to a sick bastard who would
Y> write that kind of filth and trash about raping/molesting/torturing
Y> children and/or women.  And actually...as I've stated time and again...I'm
Y> quite sure most of general American would agree!  So.... that's basic my
Y> only bitch and if you have any self-respect whatsoever, you should
Y> distance yourself between that kind of trash!
Y>  
Y> STags2.01: All human life ends when you take a "dirt nap."                
Y>       

Y>                         ---<--<--@

You know I don't have much to say about this.  No one forced you to download
them or read them either.  


 - - - - - - - - - - - - - CuT Here: Next Message - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


item: 4
subj: Conversation(response 39)
from: Vip
on  : Sun 18-Feb-1996  4:47p

On Sat 17-Feb-1996  1:28a, Yellowrose said to Vip:
Y> Well lemme tell you something honey...but spreading that kind of filth you
Y> only feed into it....there is enough of that sick shit in the world and
Y> you (by including it in your newsletter) are guilty by association and
Y> show support...that's sick shit dude...can you deny what that sick sob
Y> wrote is NOT sick shit...give me a break....I would cringe to think if I
Y> knew some lunaticv who was writing shit like that was living next door to
Y> me!

Look now I have never told you to look or read those files.  They obviously
aren't for you.  There are plenty of people however that don't look at these
they same way that you do.  It is pretty funny to alot of us since the thing
is written out of fun.  This is just the same kind of thing you see in movies
or listen to in Modern day music.  Perhaps you just haven't noticed how things
in our world have been l8ly.  Now if we feel like writting our zine the way we
want to then it is our right to.  It wasn't written for you in mind but more
for people in our own generation that do not take these things quite a
seriously as you do.  It is freedom of speech no matter how sick it maybe for
you.  In fact, having the zine have a kind of sick style is what we wanted to
have.  I thought it would be quite obvious being in the 90's that writing this
kind of stuff doesn't mean that the people actually do such things.

Y> V> are mostly a bunch of Generation Xers writting something that we think
Y> is
Y> V> funny and that is funny to alot of our generation.

Y> Oh, so you think raping women is funny.  You think that cutting their
Y> heads off and F--- their heads is funny.  Dude, I'm sorry but I guess when
Y> it comes to shit like this...true...I have very little sense of humor
Y> because I do, indeed, find it completely humorless.  Would you find it
Y> quite as humerous if it happened to your sister or your mother (God
Y> forbid).

Yes sure it is funny to *ALOT* of people that I know.  Also I would like to
note that the acts of violence in the zine do not descriminate on the basis of
sex either.  Hmm I would like to know what you think to the modern music that
most people my age listen to these days?  This zine stuff we right isn't worst
than any of those or alot of the movies that come out in these times.  Just
because someone listen or writes about something doesn't mean that they do so
and to judge them on this would be pretty unfair.  Who made you read the zine
in the first place?

Y> V> Well now who says that we approve of what happened to Amber Hagerman?

Y> By spreading those kinds of writings you show your approval.  I'm just
Y> trying to point out what you should use/have a little bit of integrity and
Y> use it before publishing just anything out there.  Those...THOSE.. kinds
Y> of perversions are not worthy of the print that is used on them...think
Y> about it dude....THINK about it!

I don't belive in any kind of censorship whatsoever.  It is all Freedom of
information for those who seek it.  Why should I have to live by your morals
for what I write or publish?

Y> Dude......NO...NOT everyone writes this kind of stuff.  I don't know what
Y> kind of literature you go around reading...but that sick this is not
Y> typical of what is out there...and the sooner you grow up and realize that
Y> and see it for what it is...the better....you better go a little deeper
Y> dude....it's not funny and it's not the norm...

You obviously haven't been out there l8ly?  Or perhaps you live in a diffrent
world.  I can find hundreds of zine just like these quite easily in an hour.
Look at Modern Music it is mostly all like this?  Movies and so on.  Why
should a text file be any diffrent?

Y> Actually...Ya know...I don't believe you....at least I don't want to
Y> believe you....that's a pretty lame excuse for what you are doing...YOU
Y> better look in the mirror and reread that horrible, sick stuff and do
Y> yourself a favor and distance yourself between that kind of sick shit and
Y> truly erotic writings...

Well I am not ashamed of anything that I write.  Also I have show this zines
to tons of people now and most the people that have seen it have given back
possitive feedback.  This is sick stuff for you perhaps but I have seen many
things much more sick than this.  In fact, If I really wanted to get sick this
would seem pretty tame in my opinion.  


 - - - - - - - - - - - - - CuT Here: Next Message - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


item: 4
subj: Conversation(response 40)
from: Yellowrose
to  : Vip
on  : Mon 19-Feb-1996  7:45a


V> You know I don't have much to say about this.  No one forced you to
V> download them or read them either.  

Oh, just another lame excuse then I see.  First I didn't download them.  If I
was going to download something and I knew that is what it was...you can be
sure I would not waste my time or space...and until you read something how do
you know what is there?

You are not being logical and not wanting to see what I am saying.  You simply
keep coming up with lame excuses and then hollering about your poor, abuse
freedom of speech rights...No wonder you don't have much to say--there is
really not a whole lot you can say!

I can't believe you dude!  I guess you must amuse yourself with stories of
rape and child molestations with that kind of attitude.  It's people like you
that have gotten our country where it is today...people who just don't really
give a damn!
 
STags2.01: Waco - More churches and convenience stores per capita than Dallas.
 

                        ---<--<--@


 - - - - - - - - - - - - - CuT Here: Next Message - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


item: 4
subj: Conversation(response 41)
from: Yellowrose
to  : Vip
on  : Mon 19-Feb-1996  8:10a


V> Look now I have never told you to look or read those files.  They

Who knows what the hell kind of stuff you are getting until you get it and
read it.  As I said...I would have never wasted my time or space to get trash
like that!

V> the zine have a kind of sick style is what we wanted to have.  I thought
V> it would be quite obvious being in the 90's that writing this kind of
V> stuff doesn't mean that the people actually do such things.

Oh, well EXCUSE me....I guess you mean it SHOULD be obvious just because this
is the nineties that people actually don't do these kinds of things?  What
rock have you been hiding your head under?  Sure it's possible that the same
people who write it may not do it...but then it's quite possible they do!  

V> Yes sure it is funny to *ALOT* of people that I know.  Also I would like
V> to note that the acts of violence in the zine do not descriminate on the
V> basis of sex either.  Hmm I would like to know what you think to the

Yea...right!  Rape and child molestation/torture is funny to alot of people!
Do you know how stupid that sounds!  And oh geeze...you don't discriminate...
big deal...you don't think either!

V> stuff we right isn't worst than any of those or alot of the movies that
V> come out in these times.  Just because someone listen or writes about
V> something doesn't mean that they do so and to judge them on this would be
V> pretty unfair.  Who made you read the zine in the first place?

I go to movies...and the movies that are out there bringing in the big bucks
are not about rape and child molestation and torture.  You have the nerve to
tell me I'm being unfair to judge someone who writes such grotesque material.
I have every right to judge that person when they wrote that and made it
available for the general public...they placed themselves in the position to
be judged!

And once again I'll see if I can explain this to you in words you can
understand.... NOBODY made me read it...but when you come across a file and
you don't know what's on it then naturally you have to read it (duh) so by
then it's too late...I wished I hadn't of read it because it makes me wonder
what kind of perverts are calling boards these days!  Geeze, perhaps you
should try to clear the dust from the ole brain some times!

V> I don't belive in any kind of censorship whatsoever.  It is all Freedom of
V> information for those who seek it.  Why should I have to live by your
V> morals for what I write or publish?

Oh, you don't have to tell me that Mr. Freedom of Speech...that's your crutch.
And just whose morals do YOU live by...or do you even have any morals.  We've
been round and round on this one...you don't want to live by accepted
standards of society which boils down to basically what is right and what is
wrong.  One day...you will grow up...perhaps you might even have children.
I'd love to discuss these topics with you then and see how you would feel if
your 13 year old daughter came across that trash?  Don't you care anything at
all about who gets and reads this?  I don't know how old you are... you can't
be too old...but the majority of the people out there would not deem this
appropriate reading material for school-age kids!

V> Well I am not ashamed of anything that I write.  Also I have show this
V> zines to tons of people now and most the people that have seen it have
V> given back possitive feedback.  This is sick stuff for you perhaps but I
V> have seen many things much more sick than this.  In fact, If I really
V> wanted to get sick this would seem pretty tame in my opinion.  

Oh, believe me, I can tell you probably have very little shame period!  You
certainly seem to have a problem figuring out right from wrong and
understanding what accepted behavior in society would be.  Oh, and you've
shown it to tons of people huh...oh sure, you probably have shown it to some
people out there...probably just about your age and of course they would give
you positive feedback...wouldn't want to miss the sysop off and look stupid.
What age group do you refer to that you have shown this to...what gender and
did they read your files that Nipto wrote about killing, molesting, torturing
the little girl and the other files about rape and decapitating women for
sexual pleasure...dude you're a damn liar and I bet you couldn't get half a
dozen people to back you up on that.  If you find that pretty tame as far as
sick I would hate to think about some of the stuff that goes through your
head!

Go ahead....publish those two storires in question on a board that is more
geared to a wide age range of people, i.e. here or Maniac Mansion perhaps.
State how you think there is nothing wrong with this and how you find it funny
and let's see just HOW many people really DO jump on your bandwagon!  Honey,
you're all talk and not very good talk at that!

Geeze I grow tired of your lame excuses and look forward to the day when you
mature and see just how wrong you are! 

And one more thing....if you really want to get feedback and show me how wrong
I am....why not publish it and hand it out to your parents, your grandparents
perhaps, maybe a potential employer someday...show them what kind of stuff you
like and see if you get the job...pass it out to your friends parents and
their friends...you're taking the liberty of speaking for a lot of people that
I don't really believe are there to support you!
 
STags2.01: Three Food Groups:  Coffee, Chocolate, Ice Cream!
                   

                        ---<--<--@


 - - - - - - - - - - - - - CuT Here: Next Message - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


item: 4
subj: Conversation(response 42)
from: Vip
on  : Mon 19-Feb-1996  9:37p

On Mon 19-Feb-1996  7:45a, Yellowrose said to Vip:

Y> V> You know I don't have much to say about this.  No one forced you to
Y> V> download them or read them either.  

Y> Oh, just another lame excuse then I see.  First I didn't download them. 
Y> If I was going to download something and I knew that is what it was...you
Y> can be sure I would not waste my time or space...and until you read
Y> something how do you know what is there?

I love how philosophical you are Yellowrose.  Think you can teach me?  A lame
excuse huh?  Well no on forced you in that case to examine it.  And what do
you expect for example issue 3 where the title is "In the minds of the truely
sick"?  Well now once again it seems you found what you were looking for.  I
also note that you continued reading the file.  Like Nipto post was way at the
end of the issue.  And if that issue was sick in your opinion why did you go
on and read issue 4 by Quinn?  Give me a break here.

Y> You are not being logical and not wanting to see what I am saying.  You
Y> simply keep coming up with lame excuses and then hollering about your
Y> poor, abuse freedom of speech rights...No wonder you don't have much to
Y> say--there is really not a whole lot you can say!

Actually, I just got sick of arguing with you and didn't plan on wasting much
time on it on that particular post.  I obviously was right you are not going
about this in a very philosophical way either in your argument.  1st
philosophical mistake is that (I look for these) is that you call my arguments
lame excuses.  This is pretty narrow minded I would say.  It would seem that
you are in this for the fight and nothing else yellowrose.  This is quite
obvious to me since I have tried to stop it for example on this post.  My
point was clear.  That is your opinion and I have mine.  Why do you have to
make such a big deal out of it?  do you not have anything better to do in your
spare time?

Y> I can't believe you dude!  

WEll you might as well also stop calling me dude.  Doesn't make you seem more
with the times or anything.

Y> I guess you must amuse yourself with stories of
Y> rape and child molestations with that kind of attitude.  

Well actually those stories for someone who is not as uptight as you are are
actually quite funny.  Like I said there have been tons of people who have
read them and for those who know this stuff isn't serious have said it is
funny. 

Y> It's people like
Y> you that have gotten our country where it is today...people who just don't
Y> really give a damn!

This is quite funny again.  So I am to blame for our nations problem just for
writing this zine.  This is like when one person labeled me a baby killer just
because I admited that I though the dead baby jokes someone posted on my board
were funny.  which most the other people did too.  But no we have to live by
your rules now or like on maniac mansion your morality.  Yes great pure
person/


 - - - - - - - - - - - - - CuT Here: Next Message - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


item: 4
subj: Conversation(response 43)
from: Vip
on  : Mon 19-Feb-1996 10:23p

On Mon 19-Feb-1996  8:10a, Yellowrose said to Vip:
Y> Who knows what the hell kind of stuff you are getting until you get it and
Y> read it.  As I said...I would have never wasted my time or space to get
Y> trash like that!

Now who does it look like is making the "Lame" excuses here?  Don't give me
this.  For one thing you read two whole issues which brings up two points.

1) After reading part of Issue 3 you continued on at least till you finished
Nipto's post on rape.  If you saw how sick the rest of the issue was why then
did you continue reading it?  No one forced you too?  Were you looking to use
it later in a fight? 

2) If you read one of the sick issues why did you go on to read another one?
Give me a break here we are not stupid here.  You can spare us your act now..

Y> Oh, well EXCUSE me....I guess you mean it SHOULD be obvious just because
Y> this is the nineties that people actually don't do these kinds of things? 
Y> What rock have you been hiding your head under?  Sure it's possible that
Y> the same people who write it may not do it...but then it's quite possible
Y> they do!  

Yes and you being one that labels people should be the judge on who does it.
There is a diffrence in writting something and actually doing something.

Y> Yea...right!  Rape and child molestation/torture is funny to alot of
Y> people!  Do you know how stupid that sounds!  And oh geeze...you don't
Y> discriminate... big deal...you don't think either!

Well for one thing you kept on bringing up the subject of rapping, molesting
and whatever about Women.  which semth to me that you were trying to say that
our stories were sexist too now.  anyways where have you been living at the
last 20 years?  these kinds of things have been funny to alot of people for a
long time.  Let me guess you don't go out and see movies now or listen to any
of the new music that has been out there.

Y> V> stuff we right isn't worst than any of those or alot of the movies that
Y> V> come out in these times.  Just because someone listen or writes about
Y> V> something doesn't mean that they do so and to judge them on this would
Y> be
Y> V> pretty unfair.  Who made you read the zine in the first place?

Y> I go to movies...and the movies that are out there bringing in the big
Y> bucks are not about rape and child molestation and torture.  You have the
Y> nerve to tell me I'm being unfair to judge someone who writes such
Y> grotesque material.  I have every right to judge that person when they
Y> wrote that and made it available for the general public...they placed
Y> themselves in the position to be judged!

Yes you only go to your kind of movies.. how silly of me. Well so you are
going to judge someone on the basis of the short stories and poems that they
right.  In that case we should luck up alot of people now and forget about
freespeech and all

Y> And once again I'll see if I can explain this to you in words you can
Y> understand.... 

Wow! you are so philosophical in your arguments.

Y> NOBODY made me read it...but when you come across a file
Y> and you don't know what's on it then naturally you have to read it (duh)
Y> so by then it's too late...I wished I hadn't of read it because it makes
Y> me wonder what kind of perverts are calling boards these days!  Geeze,
Y> perhaps you should try to clear the dust from the ole brain some times!

Oh excuse me! you are so an innocent little person here that after reading
part of one issue you obviously didn't know the rest would be so bad and kept
on reading.  Oh and after you finished that issue you read the next one too..
Wow. you just couldn't stop..

Y> Oh, you don't have to tell me that Mr. Freedom of Speech.

While thank you Yellowrose.  Yes, Freedom of Speech is one of the most
important things for me.  In fact that is the reason I started my BBS for.

Y> ..that's your
Y> crutch. 

and how is that?  I remeber you were using it as such till I showed you that
you really didn't belive in it as you said you did.

Y> And just whose morals do YOU live by...or do you even have any
Y> morals.  

I live by my own morals and I like to say that my writings do not reflect what
does are. 

Y> We've been round and round on this one...you don't want to live
Y> by accepted standards of society which boils down to basically what is
Y> right and what is wrong.  

No you obviously never understood what I was trying to tell you.

1) What are the standards of society?  This seems to be an opinion to me.    
   Someone who is rich and white might have a diffrent opinion on this than
   someone who iss poor and of an diffrent race.  So should one class and race
   tell another what the standards of society are?

2) Words are diffrent from actions.  I clearly stated that people should be 
   punished if their actions harm others.  But when someone writes something 
   about someone else being harmed that is a diffrent story and is Freedom of
   Speech.

Y> One day...you will grow up...perhaps you might
Y> even have children.  I'd love to discuss these topics with you then and
Y> see how you would feel if your 13 year old daughter came across that
Y> trash?

I am sure when that time comes I would have to explain this to her.  But 13
years olds would have already been exposed to alot more than this you know.
But still that doesn't change anything. 

Y> Don't you care anything at all about who gets and reads this?  

I am a beliver in Freedom of Information.  Obviously the parents have a right
to chose when their children are ready for this kind of writing.  It is no
diffrent than the CDs at the stores that have the Parental Advisory Explicit
Lyrics lables on them. (Which most of the music does anyways)

Y> don't know how old you are... you can't be too old...but the majority of
Y> the people out there would not deem this appropriate reading material for
Y> school-age kids!

Well obviously not and my age is 20.   But does this mean that we are not
allowed to write it now?

Y> V> Well I am not ashamed of anything that I write.  Also I have show this
Y> V> zines to tons of people now and most the people that have seen it have
Y> V> given back possitive feedback.  This is sick stuff for you perhaps but
Y> I
Y> V> have seen many things much more sick than this.  In fact, If I really
Y> V> wanted to get sick this would seem pretty tame in my opinion.  

Y> Oh, believe me, I can tell you probably have very little shame period! 

I love how you judge people.

Y> You certainly seem to have a problem figuring out right from wrong and
Y> understanding what accepted behavior in society would be.

So I should have to live by your standards now?  Please excuse me for having
my own belives an moral values here.

Y> Oh, and you've
Y> shown it to tons of people huh...oh sure, you probably have shown it to
Y> some people out there...probably just about your age and of course they
Y> would give you positive feedback...

Well yes about my age.  But I show it to anyone who I can find really, I am
proud of our work and think that perhaps we can be like one of the great zine
groups that I am a big fan of :)

Y> wouldn't want to miss the sysop off and
Y> look stupid.  What age group do you refer to that you have shown this
Y> to...

well from 15-25 I would say.  People spread this zine to their friends too.

Y> what gender

Both and one of our members (Smurfette who wrote "Daddy") is a girl.

Y> and did they read your files that Nipto wrote about
Y> killing, molesting, torturing the little girl and the other files about
Y> rape and decapitating women for sexual pleasure...

Sure but lets not mention Nipto too much.  I really hate that guy.. That post
was pretty good and was a perfect example of what I wanted to show so I used
it.

Y> dude you're a damn liar
Y> and I bet you couldn't get half a dozen people to back you up on that.  If
Y> you find that pretty tame as far as sick I would hate to think about some
Y> of the stuff that goes through your head!

If I get half a dozen people to back me up will you then admit you are wrong.
Hell that would be pretty eazy we have way over a half a dozen members alone.
But hell I could find alot more than that.

Y> Go ahead....publish those two storires in question on a board that is more
Y> geared to a wide age range of people, i.e. here or Maniac Mansion perhaps.

You know what?  Both the SysOp of Maniac Mansion and here semth to like the
zine for one thing.  Another thing is that you obviously do not know anything
about Maniac Mansion.  Half the board used to be exactly like My BBS.  Look in
the section called "Underground Criminals" on there.  his users just haven't
been calling like they used to. Amigaman (sysop of MM) shares alot of the same
views that I do.  We started FreeNet togetor and used to have quite alot of
fun on powerstation togetor.  So stop judging things you obviously do not know
anything about.

Y>  State how you think there is nothing wrong with this and how you find it
Y> funny and let's see just HOW many people really DO jump on your bandwagon!
Y>  Honey, you're all talk and not very good talk at that!

Yeah yeah yeah. thats why there is a web page on the internet dedicated to TR0
since no one obviously likes it.

Y> Geeze I grow tired of your lame excuses and look forward to the day when
Y> you mature and see just how wrong you are! 

I look foward to the day you mature

Y> And one more thing....if you really want to get feedback and show me how
Y> wrong I am....why not publish it and hand it out to your parents, your
Y> grandparents perhaps, maybe a potential employer someday...show them what
Y> kind of stuff you like and see if you get the job...pass it out to your
Y> friends parents and their friends...you're taking the liberty of speaking
Y> for a lot of people that I don't really believe are there to support you!

Why pass it out to someone who won't enjoy it?  :) the thing is that diffrent
people have diffrent tastes and those are obviously a diffrent generation.
How many parents like the music their children listen to?  Give me a break
here.


›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›
o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o

                           "Censorship a Reality"


    As most of you already know, Congress and our President have created a new
censorship law that can violate your right to Freedom of Speech in cyberspace.
If you let our government do this pretty soon you will not be able to say
anything as they take your other rights away.  

    If we let our government take this right from us you will soon see
electronic texts such as this deemed to be illegal.  The ideas of millions
will be censored and you won't be able to have access to them.

    Ideas can't hurt anyone but actions can.  If we censor people's Ideas then
how will we be able to learn new things?  Should innocent people be punished
just for their Ideas that they have put in ASCii format?  Does our government
have the right to do this?  Clearly not,  This is unconstitutional because 
Freedom of Speech also exist on the Net and on BBSs.

     I suggest that you do whatever you can too keep your constitutional 
rights.  No government has the right to take these away from you unless you
let them.  Obviously, it takes an idiot to let someone take something like 
that away from him.


o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o
›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›-›
     


     Next up, we have something truely sick.. This is the sickest ANSi that I
have ever seen.. It should be censored from this issue of TR0.  It is truely
EViL. The ANSi has been converted to ASCii by someone who is now dead.  Er...
Don't Look! Nooo!! You won't be able to stand it.. .  Its way too sick... . .
.. . 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
                            "HAPPYFACE ON A STICK"


                         Û
           Û             Û             Û
           Û Û Û         Û       Û Û Û Û            ___ ___ ___________
           Û Û Û Û Û Û   Û   Û Û Û Û Û Û           /                   \
           Û Û Û Û Û Û Û Û Û Û Û Û Û Û Û           ³D4MN M07H3R FU<K3RZ³
           ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ           | Do You Mind!!!... |
          ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ          \___________ _ _  __/
         ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ
        ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ        o
       ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ
      ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ    o
     ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ±±±±±ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ±±±±±ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ
    ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ±±±±±±±ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ±±±±±±±ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ         This is what our
   ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ±±±±±±±±±ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ±±±±±±±±±ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ
  ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ±±±±±±±ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ±±±±±±±ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ  Government will do to you
  ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ±±±±±ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ±±±±±ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ
  ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ       If you let them.
  ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ
  ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ
  ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ  The More freedoms they take
   ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ°ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ°ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ
    ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ°ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ°ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ     Away the less you can say.
     ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ°ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ°ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ
      ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ°ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ°ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ   So unless you don't mind being
       ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ
        ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ      A Mindless slave, fight for
         ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ
          ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ     Your right of Freedom of Speech.
           ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ
                   Y °°±°°±±°o o 
                   |o°°°°±°±°  |\
                   o °²°±±±±° o \
                 O   °°±±±±²°    \ Must Hurt!          By:Spider of 0MNIS
                    °°±±±Û²²°°
                   ° °±±±²²°° °
                  °  °±±²²ÛÛ°  °
                 °   °±²²²Û°°   °


- - - -bt430iu98fegvhiubfhkjv,nm9i43huni oh5wekjbr ncxmfvr843rewuhvibkj


     Fuck This Shit! I'm Not going to convert that whole ANSi for you.. Its way
too sick even for an 31337 Member of TR0 to do so... 



History:

ISSUE - 6    :Original
ISSUE - 6.66 :Added evil spirits
ISSUE - 6.9  :Added pervert adult stuph.....

                                                                      Release 2
þþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþ
þ                       Tha Ruthless 0rganization 1996.                       þ
þþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþ
þ Violent in Public      2i4.494.1024 þ NegativLand              2i4.867.1914 þ
þ Underground GreenHouse 2i4.422.0441 þ Psychosis                7i9.532.0054 þ
þþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþ
þ                    (c)CopyRight 1996, By Gangsta & TR0.                     þ
þþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþ

     "I Belive in Freespeech, But I also Belive in Censorship" - Mindless
