                           _____/\ _____/\  _____/\ 
                           \  ___/ \  ___ \ \  ___/ 
                            \/ \   /\/   _/ /\/ | \ 
                            /  /  /  |\  \ / /__|  \
                            \  \  \__|/\  \\____   /
                             \_/    Y   \_/  Y  \_/ 
                              Y     !    Y   !   Y  
                              !     :    !   :   !  
                              :     .    :   O   : 
                              .     .    .       .  
                              o     O    o       o  
 
                            Tha Ruthless 0rganization


ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
                          Raw Goat Shit That You Love!?!
ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
                                                                    May 3, `97
 

                          "Spelting Checin Buy Gangsta"




- -> - - - - - <- - - - - - -      CUT HERE F00     - - - -> - - - - - <- - - -

                                       
 ßßß ßßß ß ßß ß ßßß ßßß ß ßß ß ßßß ßßß ß ßß ß ßßß ßßß ß ßß ß ßßß ßßß ß ßß ßß ß 

                                Our Propaganda:
 
                          ßÝÜ Ü ÜÞß Þþß ßßÝÝ   ÞÝß Ü
                         þÞ   Û   Ýþ  ÞÞ  ÝÝ  Þ    ÝÜ
                              Û        Þßß   ÞÞ ÜÝ ÜÝ
                              Û        Û ßÜ   Þ  Ý Ý
                             ÜÛÝ     ÝÜß   ÞÜ  ÞÝÜ Ý
 

   i. Intr0 LOzer Style...................................... Gangsta Spanksta
  ii. Fresh, Raw, Tasty ass Goat shit ... yum ... yum........ Son Of Goats
 iii. Waste of space to finish wacking of on................. Son Of Goats
  iv. Trippin................................................ Son Of Goats
   v. Lame ending... kill yaself now......................... Son Of Goats

                                       
 ßßß ßßß ß ßß ß ßßß ßßß ß ßß ß ßßß ßßß ß ßß ß ßßß ßßß ß ßß ß ßßß ßßß ß ßß ßß ß


i. Intr0 LOzer Style

     nine-teen ninty motherphucking seven and the insane Ruthless 0rganization
is at it again... raping your mom in style while all you do is watch..  ah fuck
punctuation and capitalization and especially fuck spelting.  this is raw in
your face shit from gangsta and all his homies that will make you cry and beg
us to stop.  yes all you k-rap lozers out there in negativity cyberland you
suck..  how do we know this?  you are lame enough to spend your time reading
another lame issue of tr0 instead of going outside to fuck some bitches and 
leave em in stitches..  ah well, what can you expect in a world of warez d00dz
anyways?  

     so what happened to tr0 you might ask anyways..  well you see tr0's 
fearful leader uh... pranksta runs a board called lamer land... er wait.. I
mean v.iolent i.n p.ublic... as u can see the way this loser is typing it it
must be your typical 0 to 7 years warez board.. yup only the oldest warez for
us. don't even think about uploading any of that new shit.. hell we don't want
it.. why need quake or whatever when you can have donkey kong and pac bitch?

     ok as you can see as is usual in a lame issue of tr0 the fearful author
er well wanna be writer has once again gone off the subject.  not like we can
stay on one for more than 2 seconds anyways..  well the story is this pranksta
ran a so called civil liberties/message/wannabeh/p board in the area code once
known as 2i4 but now is lame 97z.  well one day when stalking up on the latest
0 to 7 year warez gangsta puny hard drive crashed with checksum errors all over
it.

     being the lamah that he was gangsta cared more about the message end of
his k-rupt board than of the file end.  yes gangst er wait I mean pranksta 
considers himself a Sub Junkie and writing messages and uh a zine once in
awhile is what he does best in cyber space.. ok ok what i do best in cyber
space is cyber sex but thats another story..

     so as the years went on spanksta didn't have a hard drive and didn't even
have enough room to edit a k-rad elitiest copy of tr0 in.  you see bangsta is
just your average little poor mexican dope fiend bitch slapping whore..  and 
like get a job?  fuck you i am leach and will continue sucking off society.

     well to end a lame story quick since I know you are all now whacking to
the krad porno ansis we have secretly encrypted in the messages..  Gangsta
leached off of your hard earned tax spent money and bought himself a 1 million
gig hd to start himself a new 0 to 7 year elities warez board with T.5 lines on
it so he could spread you his warez d00d newsletter so you could get the news
on the latest 0 to 7 year warez... This month issue will have an indept review
of zork and pong.. yup only the best in 0 to 7 year warez for our users...

                                 Gangsta president of TR0 (Transfer Rate 0 cps)



þßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþ
ß                                                                             ß
þ                0k now to the real funky part of the issue...                þ
ß                                                                             ß
þßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþßþ


ii. Real live fresh in your face raw as can be goat shit niggaz.


     The other night, there I was, laying beneath the bed, quite as the dust
bunnies  that surrounded me.  inside my head danced fantasies of the woman on
top of said bed doing unspeakable things to me which seemed to invariably
involve a panda bear and long splinters of bamboo.

     Anyway, I'm there, not breathing but once or twice a minute, when I sense
that she has fallen asleep.  So up i pop.  Its so easy, i almost feel like
crying.  All I have to do is -whap!- one strong fist to the head, and she wont
be waking up for hours.

     I leave her there, after spilling my seed in her eye, seeking her
children.  the first one i find is about six years old, this delicate elfin
girl whose sleeping with a smile on her face.  I am struck with her beauty, and
stand over her bed stroking my cock for what seems like hours but must be
minutes.  when I snap out of it, i am enraged that I could be so easily
entranced by a little girl.

     So I lift her body, snap her spine over my knee, then set to work.  when
I step back, there is a fantastic display of flayed flesh and severed body
parts, rearranged so as to resemble a gory unicorn.  I am so pleased with my
work that I find myself weeping.

     Then, I look for the boy.  him I find in the next room, reading under the
covers with a flashlight.  I decide to have some fun with him, as I know he is
mentally ill.  (there are those that say I am mentally ill, but they usually
end up filling my belly)  

     "hey," I say to the kid, "what do you think you're doing?"

     He sits up, pulls the sheet off his head.

     "But dad, I--you're not my dad!  DAD!!!"

     Of course, his cries fall on deaf ears, ears that are, as we speak,
dissolving in my stomach.

     "Sorry, kid, your dad cant talk right now.  if youd like to leave a
message."

     t is then that he spies the blood on my naked body.  he screams, which
only serves to anger me further.  I lash out with one hand, knocking the fool
boy  senseless and onto his back.  I raise his limp body up and proceed to
plumb its depths with my mighty plunger.  once I am sated, I gnaw his head off,
savoring every delicious bite of young flesh.  then, I rip open his chest
cavity and wear him as a headdress.

     I take a short nap to revitalize myself for the upcoming session with the
mother.  when I awake, I trod back to her room, still wearing the kid.  Ii sit
cross-legged on the floor while waiting for her to awake, and am visited with a
vision:

     Three beings, nay, two, that spin and flux in a golden expanse of peace,
gentle entities with delicate, feather souls.  they beckon me, and I notice
that I am a speck of red; the most vibrant, violent, angry, pure red that was.

     I follow, floating softly and silently through a slightly resistant golden
haze that does nothing but heighten my pleasure to the point of climax and
beyond.  the beings keep a steady distance ahead of me, indescribable save that
they transmit the feeling of warmth.  I know that these beings are souls,
unfettered by carnal envelopes.

     They tell me it is my duty to free all other such beings from the flesh,
a task which I am already setting forth to do.  It is hard to find such as you,
I cry.  Yhey laugh, and float onward, toward a gate which heaves into view.
They pause on either side of this gate, hovering, and beckon me once again.

     I float closer, closer, hesitate.  They tell me to pass through, and
once I do, I shall be able to detect their kindred souls and free them.  With
great elation, I float through to awake in the room where the woman stirs,
moaning.

     She puts her hand to her mouth, which is bleeding.  Then she sees me.  At
first, she must think she is dreaming, for she asks me if I am an angel.  I
laugh my deepest, most mellifluous laugh and tell her that if she wants me to
be her angel, I shall be her angel of deliverance.  for I notice her glowing
with that same golden glow, if somewhat diminished.

     It is then she realizes that she is awake, and her eyes widen with fear.
Her deep blue eyes, how I want to pluck those eyes out and fashion them into
earrings and proudly wear them on the streets for all to see!

     She opens her mouth to scream, I leap onto the bed, cover her mouth, force
her down.  The excitement builds In me, I cant help but tear her scanty
nightgown off and force my member inside.  She bucks and thrashes underneath
me, and I coo a sweet song in her ear.  When it comes, a violent orgasm unlike
any other, I dip my teeth to her throat and release her essence.

     I can see the golden aura pull itself from her body and float into
nothingness, and a silent voice caresses my inner ear, saying it is well, 
what you have done.  Free my brothers.  Then it is gone.

     I fold her legs until her feet are wedged within her cleft, and carry her
body to the backyard, where I ravish it once again, still warm.  then I walk
home, dropping the useless boy's body as I go.   know my purpose now, and shall
not cease until it is complete....

--------------------------

     Shit, I wrote that?  heh.  well, thats what you get, I guess.  ta ta, I
dont feel like getting too personal right now, but im sure more lurks inside
for me to unburden to you unsuspecting folk.  oh, what the hell.  heres some
more.

--------------------------

iii. a waste of space while you whack away.

energize, anesthetize, colonize, realize, generalize, visualize, conceptualize,
digitize, exercise, exorcise, aggrandize, patronize, idolize, crystallize,
fertilize, compromise, synthesize, hypothesize, electrifies, villifies, small
fries, Clear Eyes, blue skies, sanctifies, justifies, purifies, dirty lies,
baptize, philosophize, industrialize, dignifies, dragonflies, colorize,
multiplies, revitalize, simplifies, family ties, theorize, atomize, neutralize,
super size, psychoanalyze, beautifies, reflectorize, elasticize, jazzercise,
motorize, mechanize, initialize, petrifies, demoralize, frito pies, computerize,
ionize, solidifies, remarginalize, organize, recognize, big fat guys, nobel
prize, vaporize, scandalize, verifies, better buys, pig sties, ACID FRIES,
fantasize, eroticise, maximize, minimize, rationalize, miniaturize, glorifies,
red hair dyes, "ay-yiyi"s, christianize, baby got fat thighs, americanize,
disguise, sodomize, countryfies, publicize, mixing mai-tai's, "oh my"s,
symbolize, characterize, revise, dramatize, immobilize, resize, tenderize, 
martinize, identifies, vandalize, burglarize, fraternize, militarize,
customize, cauterize, spanish flies, modifies, sympathize, romanticize, 
ostracize, ossifies, baby cries, exemplifies, victimize, despise, itemize, 
prophesies, materialize, rectifies, institutionalize, cannibalize, catheterize,
capitalize, monopolize, homogenize, anglicize, modernize, oxidize, jeopardize,
magnetize, galvanize, pasteurize, bowlderize, alphabetize, zionize, fossilize,

--------------------

i welcome additions to the above list....

--------------------

iv. Trippin

     There he sat, a careless sixteen-year-old psychonaut hunched over a
notebook as the cosmos spun over his planet-sized head.  Visions danced 
themselves into fruitless tracers as he wrote, smiling.  Lead flowed in a 
stream of acid thoughts, he poured pure sandoz lsd from his head onto the 
page.

     Behind dilated pupils and a goofy grin, his own lopsided universe played
carnival music to the outside reality.  The day dawned new and rich with wet
colors, throwing long streamers of green onto damp brown shingles.

     Below, a large dog capered, flaccid head dangling between his rear legs.
The young man smiled, looked up into infinite stretching heavens.  The "i"
stood column straight and absorbed the world through shifting morphing acid
filters.  He smoked constantly, sending gentle feathers of smoke drifting up
into a now-compressed/now-dilated world of his own private creation.

     A voice, a single mouth with a million trillion vocal chords, hummed and
muttered to the ear in the back of his skull, a twisting shaking inconstant
rail of sound.  The small squares of paper were memories in his stomach,
forgotten now.

     He dropped the notebook, laid on his back to watch the fading stars dance
their final number before being overtaken by the color-drenched blue sky
spreading daylight overhead.  Steadily, as the day stands on shaky new legs,
the young man nears the end of his journey.  The patterns slowly leach out of
his  vision, the wildly changing filters stop revolving and all funnel his 
perceptions to normal human standards.

     He walks the last mile sitting down on a middle-class roof on the eastern
edge of a bustling suburb at nine in the morning--a brand new day, a brand new
man.  His first, long, riotous mind trek under his belt, he leaves the house to
seek his fun-filled hazy educational summer in his new happy acid boy frame of
mind.

     A touch, now, of a gentle happy heroin hug, all warm liquid protoplasmic 
orgasm joy, heavy center, fuzzy

     In conclusion, my greatest achievement ever was the taking of france by
storm in 1987--no one even knows i did it, i was _that_ good...

----------------------

     I wrote that, tripping in english one day, after a stout shot of smack.  
obviously the first part is a reflection of my first acid trip, during which 
I mostly sat on a roof and wrote.  At some future point in time, I may type 
the stuff I wrote while on the roof up and put it here, but its really 
personal, and besides, I doubt anyones interested.  So, with that said....

----------------------

v. lame ending....

     Fuck, I just found out I have to pay $160 for a night school class I
didn't even halfway finish.  What a load of bullshit.  And me not even in
high school anymore.

     Sometimes I wish I were, so I could pull a bachmanesque "rage"--you know
what i mean, Quinn.  Well, sheeyit, what to do?  I think ill get the $160 all
in ones, and wipe my ass on every single one, then hand the reeking, shit-
dripping bills to ann jones, our jolly hedgehog-looking treasurer with a huge
shit=eatin grin on me face, and crow "HEEERE YA GO, YOU FAT BITCH!!  I HOPE
YOUR NYMPHO SLUT OF A DAUGHTER AIN'T GOT NO NASTY VENEREAL DISEASES!!! GOD
BLESS YA, SISTER!"

     Then ill probly ejaculate on her desk, after dancing the drunken sailors
hornpipe completely nude.  Yeah, thats my idea of fun, kids. and I think thats
what I'm gonna do.  Well, I have to go do some shit, like sit on my ass and
watch the tube, so...

     I am struck with her beauty, and stand over her bed stroking my cock for
what seems like hours bu............


ISSUE 009 - Motherphuckerz with 9 livez and wasting them...

þþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþ
þ                       Tha Ruthless 0rganization 1997.                       þ
þþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþ
þ Violent in Public      97z.494.ioz4 þ FTP.ETEXT.ORG            FTP Site ... þ
þþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþ
þ      (c)CopyRights 1997, By TR0 and Son of Goats.  All Rights Reserved      þ
þþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþ

               "Love us or hate us.... We don't give a fuck..."

