                         _____/\ _____/\  _____/\
                         \  ___/ \  ___ \ \  ___/
                          \/ \   /\/   _/ /\/ | \
                          /  /  /  |\  \ / /__|  \
                          \  \  \__|/\  \\____   /
                           \_/    Y   \_/  Y  \_/
                            Y     !    Y   !   Y
                            !     :    !   :   !
                            :     .    :   O   :
                            .     .    .       .
                            o     O    o       o

                          Tha Ruthless 0rganization


ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
                               We are Family!
ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
                                                                    JAN 6, `95


                "Watch your language this is a family Zine."
                                                             -SSB Drone


                         Inside These Loving Pages:

                      I.  InTr0             - Gangsta
                     II.  Family Rant       - F/x
                    III.  Winter Night      - Dr. Boffo
                     VI.  Family That I Had - Gangsta
                      V.  I Love My Family  - AstroCreep
                     IV.  Daddy             - Smurfette

- - - -- - - - -- - - - -- - - - -- - - - -- - - - -- - - - -- - - - -- - - -
                                ÜÜÜ ÜÜ  ÜÜÜ
                              ±±²Û²±Û²Û²ÛÜÛ²±±
                                Tha Ruthless
                                0rganization


INTRO:

     Once again we wonder into the minds of the desperately sick and insane
writers of TR0.  Yes-Sir-E... Its the same old fucked up, dope smoking writers
who don't really give a fuck about you or anything you stand for.  A clan of
poets and thieves that force their victims to read this mind altering shit
they call art.  What else can you ask for?  Perhaps, you want our good old
Porno Clown to pay you a visit and cut your throat for not sending in our
requested donations.


           )o:(*     (*(*HINT*)*)    -o-    (*(*HiNT*)*)     *):o(


     Now that we have once more wonder of T0PiC lets discuss what this issue is
supposedly all about.  Today we will examine your basic loving family unit.
In other words, The classic and perfect 50's "Leave It to Beaver" to suck a
big peter type of family.

         "Gosh Gangsta!... I don't have a perfect 50's type family..."

     Damn right you don't!  In your so called family unit things do not
function quite as smoothly.  Your father is probably some dumb hick that can't
help scratching his ass everywhere he goes.  Yet you are dumb enough to let
him go out into public.  Now there is your Mother...  She is a dumb fat whore
who sits around the house all day eating up all the food while your ass
starves at school.  Yes, you are an inbred loser who will probably end up with
a loser job and a fat bitch of a wife.

     Yes, you might not know it now but one day you will be exactly the same
as your inbred father.  Like I mentioned above you will end up with a gigantic
wife and produce children that hate you like you hate your parents...

     "Oh No!... What do I do to stop this?"

     If you take my advice you should end your life before you continue this
evil cycle of life.  Why do you think that history repeats itself?  It is the
losers reproducing new losers and sending us all to hell.  There is no hope
and the only escape is death.

     If you think that killing yourself is out of the question then think about
your future children that you will produce into this cycle.  Yes, this might
seem kind of strange now.  But if you do not kill yourself your son or
daughter will end up probably sucking as much as you.  The world does not need
more losers and besides you know how much you hate your family already.  Why
add fuel to the fire?

     Ok enough already! if you don't have the balls to kill yourself then the
only other logical way out is to kill your family.  Shit, here I am sounding
like that loser Nipto who pretends he is going to do this but never does.

     However, this is the only other logical way to break the cycle.  If your
father is a dumb ass hick then punish him for passing on his loser genes to
you.  Yes, you have been cursed by genetics and it is all his and your
mother's fault for breeding.  Thus they should die.

     Ok now go and kill Ma and Pa for brining you into this world.  Make sure
it is the most painful method you can think off.  Now I hope you didn't expect
me to outline just how to do this.  Be Creative, afterall I can't think for
you all the time.

     There is not much left for me to say here.  So I guess I let you go on
with your so called lives and read the rest of this issue.  (If you can reed)

                                                           - Gangsta


ßß ßß ßß ßß ßß ßß ßß ßß ßß ßß ßß ßß ßß ßß ßß ßß ßß ßß ßß ßß ßß ßß ßß ßß ßß ßß


     Now to start this issue off here is a message from NegativLand written by
our friend F/x.  It clearly demonstrates the kind of 'Family Life` this issue
is talking about.  The loving Family life of Ma and Pa.  So read on and enjoy
this here true story.

- - - -- - - - -- - - - -- - - - -- - - - -- - - - -- - - - -- - - - -- - - -

                               ÜÛßßÛßßÛÜ
                                   Û  ÜÜÜ ÜÜÜ
                                   Û  ÛßÜ ÛÜÛ
                                 Tha Ruthless
                                 0rganization

                  -[From: The Message Base of NegativLand]-
                       -[Writen: Red Head Phreak F/x]-


     My father is an idiot.  I can't stand the bastard anymore.  He has it in
his head that he knows everything and everybody else knows nothing.  He has
this idea in his hard head that he must explain everything.

     Today was horrible.  I don't know why I waste my time spending it with
him.  I find myself saying things like "Dad, shut up, I know how to change a
lightbulb", "Dad, shut up, i can work a hammer.."  He just won't stop.  I find
it all so insulting.

     He drives me to this hatred.  I helped him cook this turkey and stuffing.
He wanted to double the recipe.

     "2 eggs doubled, thats four, right?  Would you like me to get you a
calculator dad?  Must everything you say be a question?"

     Then he says things like "I'm not going to be around much longer"

     "Thats nice dad, don't waste what time you have left telling me you're
going to die every five minutes...  Jesus..."

     Then I have this talk with my mom. A rare moment and I actually do love
my mother.  Somehow, for the first time in some 15 years, we had a meaningful
conversation.

     "Look Darren, on the TV at that pretty girl" (its really a guy...)

     "Would you go out with one of those?"

     "Um...  No mom, I don't like penii on my chicks.  freaks me out...."

     "Darren, do you believe in God?"

     "No."

     "You're grounded!"

     I swear, she was upset.

     "You don't believe in God?  How do you explain how everything got here?"

     "Explain how god got here, mom..."

     "Look at the guy on TV with the hormones!"

     Yup, nothing like getting into the deep talk with mom....

ßß ß ßß ß ßß ß ßß ß ßß ß ßß ß ßß ß ßß ß ßß ß ßß ß ßß ß ßß ß ßß ß ßß ß ßß ß ßß


     Here we have a sad story that happened one cold Winter night.  Perhaps,
not all family members suck as most the issue seems to show.  There are a few
cool ones here and there.  Hold on to those you care though for they might
not always be here...


- - -- - - -- - - -- - - -- - - -- - - -- - - -- - - -- - - -- - - -- - - -- -



                               °ßßßßßßÛßßßßßß°
                               °°°°°°±Û±°°°°°°
                    Boffo      °°TR0°±Û±°TR0°°      Clown
                               °°°°°°±Û±°°°°°°
                               Tha°°°±Û±°°°°°°
                               Ruthless°°°°°°°
                               Organization°°°



                         Winter Night - By Dr. Boffo

                (From the Message Base of Violent in Public)


     This was the one I would remeber the most vividly in all my years, I
suppose I will always see it the same.  The grandfather, I spent such a long
time trying to find him.  Where could he have gone?  How could he have escaped
the Harvester's wrath?  I never knew.  He was wiser and much, much older than
I, his power being much stronger than I could've hope to have been.  But,
still, with the death of Judson, I assumed it would be all right to seek him
out.  I was still naive, even for my age.

     He found me.  I was out wandering the streets, as I did frequently in my
troubled days.  Yes, as I do now.  I felt him.  Not him, but I felt another
moving through the darkness.  I opened my eyes and yet could not see who it
was.  I cried to him in the tongues of war we were taught by the first of the
circle, but he did not call me back.  Instead he ran from me.

     Yes, I still cry when I think of it.  I've died.  Buried my mortal body,
lost everyone I had ever loved and the only thing that brings me pain in my
memories is this night.  It was the realization, the potential of the will of
power.  It was the one part that made it all hurt me more....  but, you're not
letting me continue.

     I ran after him, wary of traps and ambushes laid out in the days of war.
He stopped suddenly, and I was running so fast that I almost ran him over,
since I couldn't stop quite as fast as I could move.

    He was immaculate, like a carved idol of a forgetton god, his black eyes
staring out at me with an intensity of the darkest black.  His hair had grown
long in my absence, and whitened, making him look like a statue of a Chinese
god of some village.  He straightened himself out and stood fully upright, and
his voice, which had always been mighty and authoritive, softened.

     "You've returned?  And survived the trials all by yourself?  You did us
proud.  Erick was right about you after all, eh?" This was accompanied by him
reacing under neath his longcoat. I didn't know. "And what are you now?"

     All I could stutter out was "I am the Stormbringer, and I am the first of
my circle" I must've sounded like a scared school child.

     Then he pulled a tanto from his coat, looked down for a short moment.

     "Yes, you are.  Indeed."  Then, in one motion, he stuck himself with his
blade, severing his neck and ending his life.

     I saw him die.  Just has I had all the others. Through his eyes. And he
was gone, and I was alone again.

     No, of course not, I've got you now and the other child.  You both have
so much to learn in such a short time...

     I'm sorry, I'll cease this tired discussion of an old man....

 ß ß ß ßß ß ß ß ßß ß ß ß ßß ß ß ß ßß ß ß ß ßß ß ß ß ßß ß ß ß ßß ß ß ß ßß ß ß ß

     Ahh... What issue would be complete without a little poetry in it?  Here
is one that I wrote about the family I once had..  Now, I am here all alone 
without hope.  Sometimes I wonder why... But hell you don't care about my 
personal life so here we go...


- -- - - -- - -- - - -- - -- - - -- - -- - - -- - -- - - -- - -- - - -- - -- -

                              ÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜ
                              ßTR0ßßßßßßßTR0ß
                              ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ
                              ÜTR0ÜÜÜÜÜÜÜTR0Ü
                              ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
                              TH'RUTHLESS0RG.


                         Family That I Had - Gangsta



                         Oh, the family that I had,
                           They were quite so sad,
                            Soon the old man saw,
                            That I was very mad.

                        The things that I have done,
                       And the songs that I have song,
                          Will never bring justice,
                      To the ones that I have wronged.

                            My family is no more,
                         I thought this as i roared.
                       But there is nothing I ignored,
                           Now that I have soared.

                          The evil that is within,
                       Shall cause me to do great sin.

                          And kill the ones I love,
                        Till one shall scream enough.

                    Then I will stand there In the mist,
                       As they go down the evil list,
                        And Read me everyone I miss,
                     Great sorrow of the ones I kissed.


 ßß ßß ßß ß ßßß ß ßß ßß ßß ß ßßß ß ßß ßß ßß ß ßßß ß ßß ßß ßß ß ßßß ß ßß ßß ßß

     Inside his cell Astrocreep writes with a pair of crayons on his wall.
Locked up for not fitting in with the rest of society he spends most of his
time here contiplating on how the rest of socitey is not sane.  Yes, here he
writes on his sacred walls only noticing himself and what is before him.  If
only he would rule the world, he would change things more to reflect his
sanity..  But here I am getting carried away again.  So lets take a look and
see just what is written on one of the walls..

- - - - --- - - - - --- - - - - ---- - - - - ---- - - - - ---- - - - - --- - -


                              ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ
                               ßTß ha
                               ÜÜ
                               ÛRÛ uthless
                               ÜÜÜ
                               Û0Û rganization
                               ßßß


                  I Love My Family So Much! - By Astrocreep


           Saturday mornigs, time for cartoons, I love the Smurfs.
              Well here comes daddy, he is chasing mommy again.
                        He says mommy likes to play,
             it's like when bugs drops stuff on the daffys head,
                            it doesnt hurt mommy.
           Those big purple things on mommys face are decorations,
                       its how he shows he loves her.
                    He lets me play with mommy sometimes,
                   he tells me not to tell anyone though.
                     It feels weird but he says its ok.
                She gets naked and daddy tells me what to do,
             if mommy says no he sticks his thingy in her mouth
                           and we laugh about it.
  
                                    . . .

                             My daddys so nice,
                    one time I told him about this bully,
             and the next day we picked the bully up from school
                and daddy and I tied him up in our backyard,
             we played cowboys and indians and lit him on fire.
                                 It was fun,
            I wish I could tell my friends but daddy says not to.
                          I love my family so much.


 ß ßß ßßß ßß ß ßß ßßß ßß ß ßß ßßß ßß ß ßß ßßß ßß ß ßß ßßß ßß ß ßß ßßß ßß ß ßß


     Now to end this issue we have a very special tale written by our Ruthless
smurf.  Yes, forget what you see on TV for smurfs are really Dangerous
creatures.  They bite too so before I piss Smurfette off I let her tell her
tale.
 - - -- --- -- - - -- --- -- - - -- --- -- - - -- --- -- - - -- --- -- - - -- 


                               °²Û²° °²²Ü ²Û²
                                ß²ß   ²ß² ± ±
                                 ß    ß ß ²Û²
                                 Tha Ruthless
                                 0rganization


                                   "Daddy"
                                By: Smurfette
                        (Don't let the Name fool ya.)


     She pull the Mustang into the garage, kills the engine, and gets out of
the car.  With her bookbag over her shoulder, she takes a deep breath before
entering the house.  The door opens and she hears the deep bellowing laugh of
her father filling the house like a bad draft.  She shudders, and runs
upstairs hoping her father hasn't heard the door squeak, or her heart beat.

     She hardly reached the to step before her father began calling her name.
In militant reverse and almost automatic pace, she began her slow pace back
down the stair.  Her thoughts filled with hatred.  Her face was screaming
livid red as she stood in the door to the den staring.

     "You fucking whore, you come when I call and you come fast, you little
bitch."

     Her mother sat reading the paper and laughed at one of the comics.

     "I said come here to me!", he continued yelling.  Clenching herself tight
she crossed the room and he laughed at the fear in her eyes. He grabbed her
chin and pulled her face close.

     "What? No kiss for your hard working Daddy?"

     He kissed her, and thrust his tongue deep, and he slapped her as she
tried to pull back.  She whimpered, and she could smell the beer and
cigarettes on his breath.

     "Just a lousy ass whore, like your mother. Not good for nothing but
pussy.  'Cept you ain't fat like your mother.  But your ugly just like her,
just two fucking bitches."

     He began to feel on her, her ass and her legs.  he began to play with her
hair, pulling her panties to the side.  "Yes... just a whore..", he reached
down and adjusted himself. 

     "Tell your Daddy you love him."  he said.  She turned her head and began
to cry.  He slapped her again and furious now screamed, "Do you love your
Daddy?!?"

     "I love you Daddy", she whispered, barely audible through her cries.  Her
Mother was laughing loudly now at the latest episode of "Ricky".  He pushed
her away and slapped her on the ass.

     "Go make me some supper, let's see if the little whore can do that."

     Later that night, she lay in bed reading Les Miserables when he came in.
"Did you miss me?", he ask, as he shut the door and smiled, showing those
terrible teeth. She could smell his breath from there, and the lousy bastard
looked as if he hadn't bathed in days.

     He pulled something from his pocket and came over to her bed and said,
"You're doing the work tonight.  I want to see how much you love your Daddy."
he dangled a pair of hand cuffs in front of her face.

     With disgust she took them.  He lay on the bed, and told her to handcuff
his arms to the headboard.  She did so.  He then grabbed her with his legs and
pulled her close enough so he could kisses her.  Her eyes closed, she tried
not to vomit at the taste of his breath.

     "Now, you're a whore, you know what to do... your a cheap ass slut."

     She began to undress him, peeling off his undershirt with the liquor
stains and the sweat rigs once white, now a digesting yellow.  His cheap,
wrinkles pants, his feet smelled like shit.

     She could see his less than significant bulge rising in his underwear.

     "Yes... that's Daddy's little girl... now suck it, and put that pretty
little pussy of yours in my face so I can see it."

     She went down and could feel his hot breath burning her clit.  With her
final disgust she bit down hard.

     His scream of agony made her laugh, and she stuck his severed penis into
his mouth.  Still screaming, he began to choke on it.  She laughed louder.

     "You filthy bastard!"

     She spit the blood in his face, his eyes wide with fear.  She took the
knife she had taken from the kitchen that evening and shoved it down his
Throat.

     Pulling it out, she smiled once more, stood over him, and slit her own
throat.  Her blood fell on him, and she made sure he would watch her die,
right before he went to Hell.


                            ÜÜÜÜ
                          ÜßÜ   ßÛ
                          Û      ÛÜ
                           ÛÜÜÜ    ßÜ
                              ßÜ   Ü Û      ú      ( C * R * U * N * C * H )
                                ßÜßÜßßß   þ
                            ú ú      ú  úÜÜ   ú

                                   ß   ú
                                  ú    ÜÜÜßÜÛÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ
                                    þ  ßÜ Ü  ÜßÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ
                                      ÜÛÛÛÛÜß    ß ßßß
                                      ßÛÛÛÛÛß
                                       ßßÛÛß     - SiCK ASCii Not By 0MNiS
                                                       or sick SSB Girl
                                               (Sorry Just Something Personal)


            "Your Family Sucks, You Suck... Give It Up and DiE!"


ISSUE 005                                                             Release 2
þþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþ
þ                       Tha Ruthless 0rganization 1996.                       þ
þþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþ
þ Violent in Public      2i4.494.1024 þ NegativLand              2i4.867.1914 þ
þ OncelerZ Palace        2i4.618.7353 þ Underground GreenHouse ú Coming Soon! þ
þ Die Toten Hosen        2i4.527.2528 þ       Web Page is Coming Soon!!       þ
þþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþ
    Copyright (c) 1996, by Tha Ruthless 0rganization.   All Rights Reserved.

                       P.S - Send us money or else!!!!
