FreePlay Multiplayer Internet Gaming Newsletter
http://www.leamark.com/freeplay
-----------------------------------------------
FreePlay is a biweekly newsletter that reports on the
latest/newest ways to play multiplayer games on the
internet for free (or as close to free as possible,
legally). Regardless of the type of game, if it can be
played over the net with a live human, we report on it.
We cover all game types from Play By Email to joystick
twitchers like Quake. We also feature the latest
industry news from various sources that affect
multiplayer gaming. 


DETAILS  - How to subscribe, back issues, legal junk
-------
All product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their
respective holders.  Mention of a product in this  publication does not
necessarily imply endorsement of the  product.

How to write to FreePlay:
Send your suggestions, comments, contributions to freeplay@snet.net

How to get back issues:
Back issues can be found at ftp://ftp.etext.org/pub/Zines/FreePlay in .ZIP
format or at http://www.leamark.com/freeplay in HTML format.
If possible get them there to preserve the sanity of the editor.
You may request them thru email to freeplay@snet.net only if you do
not have www access of any kind.  One issue per email request please.

This document is copyright 1997 by Mark Shnayer.

Re-distribution of the TEXT version of this newsletter by any means is both
permitted and encouraged provided that such action is for strictly
non-commercial purposes, the content remains whole, unedited and otherwise
unmodified and this statement remains intact.

Though not strictly required, you are asked to inform the author of any
such distribution.

HTML versions of this newsletter MAY NOT be put on any World Wide Web site
without express permission of Leamark Internet Services and Mark Shnayer
(freeplay@snet.net).

Please send requests for permission to publish this commercially to
freeplay@snet.net

How to subscribe:
Send email
TO:Majordomo@esosoft.com
SUBJECT:
TEXT: subscribe freeplay

To remove yourself from the FreePlay mailing list,
Send email
TO:Majordomo@esosoft.com
SUBJECT:
TEXT: unsubscribe freeplay


