
      %%%%%%%%     %%%%%%%    %%%%%%%    %%     %%  %%%%%%%%   %%    %%
     %%       %   %%     %%  %%      %   %%%   %%%     %%      %%   %%
     %%           %%     %%   %%         %% % % %%     %%      %%  %%
     %%           %%     %%     %%%%     %%  %  %%     %%      %%%%%
     %%           %%     %%       %%%    %%     %%     %%      %%  %%
     %%       %   %%     %%   %     %%   %%     %%     %%      %%   %%
      %%%%%%%%     %%%%%%%     %%%%%%    %%     %%  %%%%%%%%   %%    %%


     %%%%%%%%     %%%%%%%%    %%%%%%%    %%%%%%    %%%%%%%%   %%%%%%%
     %%     %%    %%          %%    %%   %%   %%      %%     %%      %
     %%     %%    %%          %%   %%    %%   %%      %%      %%
     %%     %%    %%%%%%      %%% %%     %%%%%%       %%       %%%%
     %%     %%    %%          %%   %%    %%  %%       %%         %%%
     %%     %%    %%          %%    %%   %%   %%      %%     %     %%
     %%%%%%%%     %%%%%%%%    %%%%%%%    %%    %%  %%%%%%%%   %%%%%%


                        January, 1997 (Issue # 20)
                                                                                                                                                

                          - The Specialists -

                DJ Johnson.................Editor
                Wayne Burke................HTML
                coLeSLaw...................Graphic Artist
                Lauren Marshall............Administrative Assistant
                Louise Johnson.............Administrative Assistant and
                                           Keeper Of The Debris

                         - The Cosmik Writers -

   Jim Andrews,  Ann Arbor, coLeSLAw, Robert Cummings, Shaun Dale, Phil Dirt,
   David Fenigsohn, Alex Gedeon, Keith Gillard, DJ Johnson, Steven Leith,
   Steve Marshall, The Platterpuss, Paul Remington, and John Sekerka.


---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                  T A B L E   O F   C O N T E N T S


EDITOR'S NOTES: Notes from...uh...the editor.  Including the names of last
   month's 10 lucky CD winners.


THROUGH THE EYES OF UTAH: Ann Arbor Meets Utah Phillips. Ann kicks back with
   folk legend U. Utah Phillips for some good conversation about the life
   and times of a guitar strummin' story tellin' drum beatin' anarchist.


FULLER UNDERSTANDING: An Interview With Randy Fuller. 30 years after the
   murder of Bobby Fuller, brother Randy looks back on their early lives,
   their ride on the rock and roll roller coaster, and that terrible day
   when it all came crashing down.  This is a survivor's story.


THORAZINE ON THORAZINE: Philly is a rockin' town as long as Thorazine is
   around!  Fresh off the road after touring in support of their first full
   length album, Jo-Ann, Dallas, Elliot and Ross held still just long enough
   for this conversation.


TAPE HISS (John Sekerka): John treats us to another pair of interviews, this
   time stepping into the world of electronic music for conversations with
   Kenneth Newby and Steve Roach.


THE UNIFIED WAVE THEORY: Pollo Del Mar guitarist Ferenc Dobronyi takes you
   inside a sound, following its evolution from DNA to the turntable.


RECORD REVIEWS: Jazz, punk, classical, garage, Cajun, funk, bluegrass,
   electronic, good old fashioned rock and roll and more.


BETWEEN ZERO & ONE (Steven Leith): And now a word from your computer.  Is
   the Internet doomed to sink under the weight of commercialism?  Can a
   balance be achieved?


STUFF I NOTICED (DJ Johnson): SSSssso you think you have cast iron balls and
   you say you like to live on the edge?  Betcha you can't top this month's
   Sharp Pointed Stick Award winner!


THE DEBRIS FIELD (Louise Johnson): The ever-expanding cauldron of "stuff"
   includes poems, cartoons that change daily, quotes, movie reviews, a
   recipe that should make you toss lunch, and a review of a concert vid.


HOW TO FIND US AND SEND US EROTIC E-MAIL: Or... you know... whatever else
   you want to say to us.  It was just a suggestion, really. More of a
   guideline.  Well... it's up to you.  Don't let me influence you.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

EDITOR'S NOTES
By DJ Johnson

Happy New Year!  Just a few quick things to mention.  First, Phil Dirt is
taking a month off to get his new website spiffed up.  You'll find a link
to it from our main homepage.  Go check it out.  It's going to be the
ultimate surf page.  He'll be back next month.

Cosmik's artist in residence, coLeSLAw, has opened The coLeSLAw Gallery,
which you can also get to from our main homepage.  One of his first
"exhibits" is a collection of Cosmik Debris covers that we didn't end
up using for one reason or another.  Every month, I get to choose from
a BUNCH of 'em, so there are a lot of great ones that go unseen.  Now you
can see them.  Be sure to take a look.

One of our interviews this month is with Randy Fuller.  Randy is the younger
brother of the late Bobby Fuller, and the bassist of The Bobby Fuller Four.
Their biggest hit, "I Fought The Law," is familiar to just about everybody
in this world.  There is an unfortunate and unpleasant legal battle taking
place between Norton Records and Del-Fi Records over the ownership of
certain tapes that Bobby and Randy made before they were famous.  We want
to emphasize that we are not taking sides.  We are giving away copies of
Del-Fi's release because they were made available to us.  We would have
loved to give away five of each, but we weren't able to contact the good
folks at Norton in time.  Until all the facts are in and the smoke clears,
we're going to do our best not to form any official opinions.  We didn't
ask Randy any questions about the case for legal reasons.

Well, we're a little late for Christmas, but we still have presents for
ten lucky contest winners.  Here's the lowdown: Winners of the Curtis
Mayfield CD, New World Order, are Jan Flodell (Norrkoping, Sweden), David
Alfano (Menlo Park, California), George Dobbs (Harrington Park, New Jersey),
Marion Francis O'Shaughnessy (Rockford, Michigan) and Riccardo Lancioni
(Empoli, Italy).

The five winners of Down By Law's latest CD, All Scratched Up, are
Christopher Bryant (Hillsboro, Indiana), Dan Lynch (Bocca Raton, Florida),
Christopher Kakkos (Athens, Greece), Craig L. Marrano (Cranbury, New Jersey),
and Neil Skepper (Whyalla, South Australia).  Congrats to all!

REMEMBER, ASCII READERS: You can still enter CD drawings!  Just send a
message to moonbaby@serv.net with your name, address, e-mail address,
and phone number, plus the name of the CD you are trying to win.  (We
often have more than one contest going at a time, y'see...)  This month,
there are two contests.

1) Bobby Fuller Four: Shakedown - The Texas Tapes Revisited (2-CD set).
2) Utah Phillips & Ani DiFranco: The Past Didn't Go Anywhere.

One entry per person per contest, please.

That just about does it.  Hope you enjoy our first issue of 1997.

DJ Johnson
Editor

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

THROUGH THE EYES OF UTAH
U. Utah Phillips Interviewed by Ann Arbor

I was asked to review the new CD The Past Didn't Go Anywhere by U. Utah
Phillips and Ani DiFranco. I knew Utah's infamous "Moose Turd Pie" song
from his "Good Though" album and I'd listened to the CD he did with Rosalie
Sorrels called "The Long Memory."  I knew that he was a folksinger of the
Pete Seeger, Woody Guthrie vintage, and I'd heard some of Ani DiFranco's
music as well. I read the liner notes and found out that Ani had wanted to
set Utah's storytelling to music and had done that in "the past didn't go
anywhere."  I listened to the CD and was captivated. The stories are very
compelling, filled with many heartfelt feelings and riddled with emotion,
but the music adds another level of emotional intensity. This CD made my
top 5 list for 1996 and here's the interview that adds yet another level
of understanding to the stories shared on the CD.


U. Utah Phillips Interview 11/22/96

1) Bridges (track 1 of The Past Didn't Go Anywhere)

What I do is I collect stories, and songs, and poems.
I seek out the elders and garner stories, and songs, and poems.
Characterized critically as "oh that's that '60s stuff,"
Like someone doing old rock 'n roll would be "that 50's stuff."
This is the '90s you know.

I have a good friend in the East a good singer, and a good folksinger, a good
song collector; who comes and listens to my shows and says, "You sing a lot
about the past, you always sing about the past. You can't live in the past
you know."
And I say to him, "I can go outside and pick up a rock that's older than the
oldest song you know and bring it back in here and drop it on your foot. Now
the past didn't go anywhere did it? It's right here right now."

I always thought that anybody [who] told me I couldn't live in the past was
trying to get me to forget something that if I remembered it would get him in
serious trouble.
No it's not that '50s, '60s, '70s, '90s that whole ideas of decade packages,
things don't happen that way. The Vietnam War heated up in 1965 and ended in
1975, well what's that got to do with decades? No that packaging of time is a
journalistic convenience that they use to trivialize and to dismiss important
events and important ideas. To defy that!

Time is an enormous long river and I'm standing in it just as you're standing
in it. My elders were the tributaries and everything they thought, and every
struggle they went through and everything they gave their lives to, and every
song they created and every poem that they laid down, flows down to me.  And
if I take the time to ask, and if I take the time to seek, and if I take time
to reach out, I can build that bridge between my world and theirs. I can
reach down into that river and take out what I need to get through this
world.

Bridges. From my time to your time. As my elders from their time to my time.
And we all put into the river and we let it go and it flows away from us,
and away from us. 'Til it no longer has our name, our identity, it has its
own utility, its own use. And people will take what they need to make it part
of their lives.
Bridges.
The past didn't go anywhere. Did it?
Let me tell you a story.

		*			*			*

Cosmik: What is life really like in Nevada City, CA? Are you really part
   owner of a New Age bookstore?                                                                                        

Utah: Well Joanna, unfortunately, had to give up her partnership in the
   bookstore. It was getting to be way too strenuous. Now we work together.
   The thing that really happened here, I was diagnosed with congestive heart
   failure which meant that I had to stop touring. I was on a plane an average
   of about 120 cities a year for the past 27 years, and that suddenly had to
   stop. And that meant that we really had to figure out a different way to
   make a living. Which meant her staying home and us setting up a little
   office here. Actually what I'm working at now is learning how to put
   together and syndicate a radio show. I've always been a great supporter of
   public and community radio and that's what I want to do.

   Nevada City is a city of about 2700 people. There are perhaps 3 repertory
   theatre companies here and 2 working poetry workshops.

Cosmik: Wow. And a men's drumming circle.

Utah: This is a patina of New Age community, here. Every healing discipline
   you can imagine. There are so many healers here it makes me sick! Over the
   top of a hereditary oligarchy of old mining and logging money, which
   really runs the show, although no one wants to admit it. You could come to
   Nevada City and say "this is a very progressive, really hip city" with all
   the poetry and theatre going on. This [county], Nevada county is the
   whitest county in California. It voted more substantially for Bob Dole than
   it did for Bill Clinton. And it voted very substantially for Prop 209--
   anti-affirmative action. So, you see, if you scratch the New Age surface,
   you get down to the same old crud.

   That's one of the reasons I think we stay around here is because it is so
   interesting. You know, if you're really interested in changing the world
   you've gotta pick your battleground. This one at least is beautiful, very
   beautiful. The huge cedars, the ancient oaks, and this beautiful old Gold
   Rush town that still looks the same, although it caters mainly to tourists
   these days.

   I think if you're interested in a struggle where it's pretty easy to
   decide which side you're on, this would be a pretty good place to do it.
   Course, we've struggled wherever we happened to be.

Cosmik: You've lived in Utah, which isn't exactly a bastion of liberalism.
   You've lived in Mississippi. You've ridden the rails all over the United
   States. You're no stranger to people who think differently than you do.

Utah: Well, I have traveled, bummed a great deal. The difference in Utah,
   you know I got along in Utah real well, even though I was raised in the
   Jewish community there. My mother wouldn't let us go to the Boy Scouts,
   because at that time the Church didn't admit Black people. And most of the
   Boy Scout troops were at the LDS or Mormon church wards. That since has
   changed. You see the Mormons are scrupulously honest people. Which means
   that if you've got a County Commission or a City Council that is almost all
   LDS, they'll make up dumb rules but then they'll play by them. So you can
   always predict how they'll respond to any provocation. Corruption, is
   when the Board of Supervisors or the City Council make up dumb rules and
   if you figure out how to get around them, they change them. That's the
   definition of corruption. The Mormons were honest, but wrong. And here,
   they play the game any way they feel they can get away with it.

Cosmik: I got it. I do want to play the track called "Nevada City, CA;" can
   you give us a little more background on it?

Utah: They used to call it "Nirvana Silly," when the hippies first moved up
   here. This was a gold mining town. Nevada City was supposed to be the
   capital of California. It was one of the oldest gold mining towns. It was
   the first city in the state to be electrified because they were using an
   Australian electrical process to extract low grade ore. Up into the '50s
   the mines were still working... and then all of a sudden that explosion
   happened, the summer of love and so on. Let's move back to the land
   movement. The mines were closing and collapsing, the mine economy was
   failing, and land was really, really cheap. So young hippies moved up here,
   set up communes which eventually dissolved into separate plots. Now what
   you've got is old hippies, retired miners, loggers, old hippies, and
   young countercultural people who are drawn here, I can't quite figure out
   why... probably because it's beautiful.

Cosmik: Probably because it is. This story that we're about to hear was told
   in what context originally?

Utah: Oh, it was told away from Nevada City, for the purpose of discouraging
   people from visiting it...as a satire. I used to do the same thing in
   Utah to make up stuff to discourage people... we've got too many people,
   too many people... People have better things to do with their time than
   come up here and shop for cryin' out loud!

		*			*			*

2) Nevada City, California (track 2 of The Past Didn't Go Anywhere)

At the onset, those of you who may have heard me should probably turn to                                                                                                                                                     
those who may have not, and calmly reassure them that this is in fact what
happens when I sit on a stage. Not much more, this is about it. You'll notice
no sudden or dramatic change in either my instrumental or vocal attack, as
it were.

This is nonetheless an American folksong. Did you recognize it as such?
'Course you would. You don't hear 'em much anymore. Don't hear 'em on your AM
radio. Folksingers hardly ever sing 'em that's 'cuz they're boring. Folk
music is boring. Wack fall the die doe ho ye winds high ho, hell that's
boring, but I am a folksinger, this is a folk music organization, you are
ostensibly the folk--n'est ce pas?

That means we own this song together--right? We have thereby incurred
certain social obligations which we will faithfully discharge--right? We're
going to sing this damn song together boring or not...

I'm still in Nevada City, California up there in the Footh-ills of the
Sierra. I call them the "Footh-ills" because it's spelled like that. Oh the
old gold mining town, I've talked to some of you about that. Twenty-seven
hundred people there. One of the '49ers towns. And I also told you about the
only social life in the town being the Books of Harmony New Age bookstore,
where people go down in the evening and channel dolphins and Martians. It's a
New Age chronosynclastic infindibulum or epicenter, as it were, Nevada City,
California. Well I was gone for a bit on one of the trips since I saw you
last, and I got back and my wife had bought the bookstore. So I am now
ostensibly part proprietor of a New Age bookstore in Nevada City, California.
Can you picture that?
And I'm open to all those things. If you live in California you have to be
open, if not they pry you open.

And I read just as much as I can. She's got all the new men's literature in
there. Most of my men friends belong to Robert Bly men's drumming circles. Do
you do that here? Healthy. They're out in the wilderness caterwauling, and
flailing away at those things and dragging their scrotums through the
underbrushes. Healthy I suppose. We swing in the trees, and we steal sheep.
We don't have a drumming league, we have a grooming order. Robert Bly came by
on one of his workshop trips to teach us how to drum. We ate him.
Nevada City, California
Nevada City, California
Nevada City, California
Anyone know what I'm talking about?
Nevada City, California
Anyone know what I'm talking about?
Nevada City, California
Anyone know what I'm talking about? Good!

Do you have any "NARPs" around here? New Age Rural Professionals? Out
cruising the backroads in their old green carryalls with their car stereos
blaring meditation music out into the wilderness. It's a conscious... whole
place lightning struck by the peripatetic ruminations of the Tibetan ruling
class in exile... a lot of Buddhists around there. Nevada City, California.

Meanwhile this very minute ol' Jesse McVeigh the well digger, nobody knows
how old he is, lived in that county all of his life, is sitting at the bar of
the National Hotel, this very minute, looking at the freaks out in the
street, and muttering under his breath, "No matter how New Age you get, Old
Age gonna kick yo ass."
Does anyone know what I'm talking about?
Nevada City, California.

                *                       *                     *                                                                 


Cosmik: There it is: Nevada City, California in all its glory. I laughed
   myself sick the first time I heard that. The sense of humor and the parody
   is wonderful. I loved the vivid images of the men caterwauling, swinging
   through the trees, stealing sheep.. .I just thought it was great.

Utah: They do that, you know. Robert Bly's crowd. I love Robert Bly's poetry
   and I wish he'd stick to it. That sort of parody comes from talking to
   the women around town...who are with men who are going through that Robert
   Bly's rites of passage in the drumming circles. [The women around town]
   who read Bly's books and say "I don't trust this man!" It's more of the
   same old trip. I like to parody Robert Bly. I love the way he does his
   poetry. He talks with his hands. He waves his arms and is very animated
   with the way he uses his body. I wish he'd stick to poetry. You know in
   the old days drummers were salesmen that sold lightning rods from door to
   door, maybe he ought to take up that.

Cosmik: Tell us a bit about Korea. I love that story about you in the car
   with your son driving up to Maine and he asks you, "Why are you the way
   you are? (as most teenagers do to their parents) Why are you so lame? Why
   are you so weird?"

Utah: First of all I think that young people, especially little kids, really
   like the company of and appreciate adults who exhibit anomalous behavior.
   Who will put on a red clown nose at what would be apparently innappropriate
   moments.

Cosmik: As long as they're not their parents.

Utah: Just to let them know that there are alternatives to growing up. I
   never intended to grow up. I looked at grownups and I said, "they run
   banks and fly B-52s, and who wants to do that!" So I decided to grow out,
   or over, or under, or through, or by, or anything but up--dammit! Brendan
   grew up with that kind of anomalous behavior. I just didn't behave like
   other parents. Besides which, I was an older father. Brendan was born
   when I was in my 40s.

   Being a soldier in Korea in the '50s was one of the great watershed
   experiences of my life and it's not one I'm sure I would trade. I saw a
   tremendous amount that I would really like to be able to forget. Kind of
   like the Vietnam vets. But instead of letting that get me down, it really
   radicalized me. It gave me an understanding that the State is a liar and
   a butcher and I don't care which state you're talking about. It really
   taught me that although I love the country, America, very, very deeply
   and I've roamed every inch of it, I'm vastly in love with it. I just can't
   stand the government. That experience transformed me into a pacifist and
   into an anarchist, and believe me I know what that means.

   It's not anything you want to put on your kids. If your experience of it
   has been subjective, and your war with the State is subjective, deeply
   emotional. It's not something you can put on your kids, like a person
   speaking in tongues from the Pentecost is going to raise their kid up to
   be this or else. You gotta wait until they ask, you gotta wait until the
   opportunity comes up, until the curiosity manifests itself. That's exactly
   what happened in the car alongside the road. The curiosity came up and it
   opened the door for me to be able to speak to him, for the first time,
   you know man to man. I guess that he was 15 when that happened. It was
   like a breath of fresh air sweeping through both of our lives. Because I
   was able to talk to him about Ammon Hennessy, and why I think and why I
   do the things I do.

                *                       *                       *                                               
                        
3) Korea (track 3 of The Past Didn't Go Anywhere)

"I have just left your fighting sons in Korea. They have met all tests there
and I can report to you without reservation that they are splendid in every
way." Douglas MacArthur

Ever since the kids've been little they've always known that I vanished from
their lives periodically. They never really had any idea of what it is that I
do. What do I do when I'm away?  If I don't know why should they? We never
travelled together at all. Since the kid've been little they've always known
that I vanished from their lives periodically  They never had any idea of
what it is that I do.

Brendan, the 14 year old, he got to travel with me during the summer. We got
to talk to each other as adults instead of as father and son.

We left Boston, we were headed up to the Left Bank Cafe in Blue Hill, Maine.
Brendan, just above Marblehead turned to me and he asked, "How did you get to
be like that?" It's a fair question. I knew what he meant, but he didn't have
all the language to say exactly what he meant. What he meant to ask was:
"Why is it that you are fundamentally alienated from the entire institutional
structure of society?"
I said, "Well I've never been asked that, you know. Now don't listen to the
radio and don't talk to me for half an hour while I think about it. We drove
and talked, we were on Highway 1, because it was pretty and close to the
water.

[We] got up toward the Maine border and there was a picnic area off to the
side, some picnic tables. It was a bright, clear day. I pulled into their
parking lot, we sat down at the picnic tables. I said, "Sit down I want to
tell you a story, because I've thought about it."

We sat down. I said, "You know I was over in Korea."
And he said, "I've always wondered about that. Did you shoot anybody?"
I said, as honestly as I could, "I don't know. But that's not the story."

"I was up at Kuma-ri Gap by the Imjin River. There were about 75,000 Chinese
soldiers on the other side and they all wanted me out of there, with every
righteous reason you could think of. I had long since figured out that I was
the wrong person, in the wrong place, at the wrong time, for the most
specious of reasons. But there I was, my clothing was rotting on my body.
Every exotic mold in the world was attacking my clothing and my person. My
boots had big holes in them from the rot. I wanted to swim in the Imgen River
and get that feeling of death, that feeling of rot off of me. The Chinese
soldiers were on the other side. They were swimming, they were having a
wonderful time. But there was a rule, a regulation against swimming in the
Imjin River. I thought that was foolish. But then a young Korean fellow, a
carpenter who worked with us by the name of Yongsegan, all of his family
had been killed off in the war. He explained it to me, in what English he
had.

When we get married here, the young married couple moves in with the
grandparents. But there's nothing growing, everything's been destroyed.
There's no food. So [when] the first baby is born, the oldest, the old man
goes out with a jug of water and a blanket, and sits on the bank of the Imgen
River and waits to die. He sits there until he dies. When he dies his body
rolls down the bank and will be carried out to sea. We don't want you to swim
in the Imgen River because our elders are floating out to sea.

That's when it began to crumble for me. That's when I ran away, not just from
that. I ran away from the blueprint for self-destruction I had been handed as
a man, for violence in excess, for sexual excess, for racial excess... We
had a commanding officer who said of the GI babies, fathered by GIs and
Korean mothers, that the Korean government wouldn't care for, so they were in
these orphanages... He said, "As sad as that is, someday this will really
help the Korean people because it will raise the intelligence level." That's
what we were dealing with.

Well I ran away. I ran down to Seoul City down toward Ascom, not to the Army.
I ran away to a place called The Korea House. It was Korean civilians
reaching out to GIs to give them some better vision of who they were than
what we were getting up in the divisions. They hid me for 3 weeks. Late one
night, because they didn't have any clothes that would fit me... Late one
night, it was a stormy, stormy night rain falling in sheets, I could go out,
because they figured nobody would see me. We walked through the mud and the
rain. Seoul City was devastated. They took me to a concert at the AWOL
Women's University. [There was] a large auditorium with shell holes in the
ceiling and the rain pouring through the holes. Kleig lights on the stage
hooked up to car batteries. This wasn't the USO. This was the Korean
Students Association. I was the only white person there. The person who they
had invited to sing was Marian Anderson, the great Black operatic soprano who
had been on tour in Japan. There she was singing "Oh Freedom" and "Nobody
Knows the Trouble I've Seen." I watched her through the rain coming through
the ceiling and thought back to Salt Lake. My father, Sid, who ran the
Capitol Theatre. It was a movie house, though it had been an old vaudeville
house and he wanted to bring live performances back to the Capitol. In 1948
he invited Marian Anderson to come and sing there. I remember we went to the
train station to pick her up and took her to the biggest hotel in town, the
Hotel Utah, but they wouldn't let her stay there, because she was Black. And
I remembered my father's humiliation and her humiliation as I saw her singing
there through the rain. And I realized right then, Brendan, that it was all
wrong. That it all had to change and that change had to start with me."

                *                       *                       *                                                               

Utah: It ends by saying "the change had to start with me" and it did.

   I got back from Korea on the troop ship Mitchell and I got on the freight
   trains and rode for about 2 years. [I was] really so disturbed by what I
   had seen and what I had done that I wasn't sure I could live in the
   country anymore.

   It was Ammon Hennessy at the house for transients and migrants in Salt
   Lake City, one of the Catholic worker houses. He quoted Mark Twain to me,
   "Loyalty to the country always and loyalty to the government when it
   deserves it." Which was a distinction I hadn't been making.

   Actually what Ammon taught me was: if a pilot flies over Baghdad and
   drops a bomb and wipes out a whole square block with a lot of loss of
   life, and someone blows up a building in downtown Oklahoma City, that
   there is no moral distinction between them. There is no moral distinction
   between state sanctioned violence and unsanctioned violence. If I was to
   go to somebody's house and throw an incendiary through the window and set
   it on fire, and then shoot the people as they came out, they'd say that I
   was criminally insane and they'd lock me up for a long time. Either that
   or they'd electrocute me. Exactly the same behavior, precisely the same
   behavior is sanctioned by the state, as a soldier can get you a medal or
   maybe elected to Congress.

   That's what Ammon did for me, he taught me to think, and to really treat
   violence as a social addiction especially in this culture. And then to
   deal with it like a recovering alchoholic deals with alcohol. He probably
   saved my life, because my behavior coming back was pretty angry and pretty
   violent. It was as necessary for me to become a Pacifist, as it was
   necessary for the alcoholic to give up booze.

Cosmik: So your response to the Korean War was to ride the rails?

Utah: [It] was to sort out my thoughts, to get away from the stink and the
   death and to try to cleanse my mind. It didn't work. The only thing that
   worked was the old, old formula which seems to have vanished from our
   culture. The Dean of Religion at Harvard University brought it up again
   in an article lately. The notion of repentance, atonement and forgiveness.
   Repentence, in secular terms, I'm not a Christian, repentance means
   acknowledging that you really blew it, that you made a dumb choice, and
   caused a lot of other people a lot of misery.  You were the one 7000 miles
   from your home not them, and you went there and cause them a lot of trial.
   Atonement means you've got to put it back somehow. You've got to use your
   life somehow to make the world a better place, to change the world. Like I
   say, the change begins with you. But you gotta somehow put it back.
   Through, in my case it was working in the Civil Rights movement, very
   briefly in Mississippi in voter registration. It was in the struggle to
   recognize mainland China in the '60s. Fairplay for Cuba. And finally,
   running for the U.S. Senate in Utah as a Peace candidate in 1968. We took
   6000 votes in a campaign against the War in Vietnam. And then of course
   there's forgiveness, and forgiveness begins where it started. The change
   begins with me, the forgiveness begins with me.  When I can begin to
   forgive myself for what I have participated in, for what I've been a part
   in. And when the people around me open up enough to what I'm doing with
   my life, to what I'm singing and what I'm saying to be able to say, "That
   did me some good. That helped me over a hard decision. That helped me
   over a hard time in my life." Then you've done that. That's what's
   happened in your life: repentance, atonement and forgiveness. That seems
   to work. I wish that I saw more of that among vets.

   I know that there are Vietnam vets who've gone back to Vietnam and worked
   with orphanages, and worked with agricultural programs. They've got it,
   they've figured it out. Mainly it's overcoming a crippling bitterness, a
   crippling anger, a sense of rage, of being outraged yourself that
   paralyzes you and prevents you from doing anything from hanging out on
   the streets to hanging out in the woods. That rage needs to be transformed
   into love and that love needs to be transformed into action. Like Dorothy
   Day said, the founder of the Catholic Worker, she described Ammon
   Hennessey as "Love in Action." She used Dostoevsky's words: "Love in
   action is harsh and dreadful, compared to love in dreams."

Cosmik: You came back from Korea, you rode the rails trying to get it out of
   your system, and at some point you met Ammon Hennessey.

Utah: That's right. I came into a railroad yard from Ogden, switched down on
   the Western Pacific. I heard there was a house by the railroad yard that
   had a lantern hanging in the back, as a beacon. And that they had free
   clothes, a clothing barrel and free food and a place to flop. So I found
   my way up there, I needed those things. There was this anarchist, pacifist,
   Catholic, vegetarian, tax refuser, draft dodger in two World Wars, one
   man revolution in America, there to deal with me. He was dealing with all
   of us in that place. He was dealing with a lot of violence and a lot of
   booze, in a very quiet...I don't know how he did it. He would never call
   the cops. He handled everything himself.

Cosmik: Is he still alive?

Utah: No Ammon died in 1970 right after I left Utah, but he continues to
   change my life every day that I walk the planet. I think that's another
   real important lesson about change. I don't think you can change anybody.
   I think we know that as lovers. I think we know that as parents. All we
   can do is offer tools and opportunities, and then people will use them or
   they won't. Ammon opened up whole new ways of thinking about things and
   of acting, that my anger and my own self-doubt had disguised, had
   submerged, so that I was able over the years to gradually move to
   becoming a whole person.

Cosmik: Here is Utah Phillips' tribute to Ammon Hennessey.

		*			*			*

4) Anarchy (track 4 of The Past Didn't Go Anywhere)                                                             

I learned in Korea that I would never again in my life, abdicate to someone
else my right and my ability to decide who the enemy is.

Please forgive me.

I got back from Korea, I was so mad at what I had seen and done. I wasn't
sure I could ever live in the country again. I got on the freight trains up
in Everett north of Seattle and kind of cruised the country for 2 years
making up songs. I was drunk most of the time and forgot most of those. I'd
heard that there was a house in Salt Lake City by the roper yards of the
Denver Rio Grand and Western where there was a clothing barrel and free food.
So I got off the train there. I was headed for Salt Lake anyway. I found
that house right where they said it was. But most of all I found this wiry
old man, 69 years old, tougher 'n nails, heart of gold, a fellow by the name
of Ammon Hennessey.  Anybody know that name? Ammon Hennessy?

One of Dorothy Day's people, the Catholic Workers. During the '30s they
started houses of hospitality all over the country there are about 80 of
them now. Ammon Hennessey was one of those. He'd come West to start this
house I'd found called the Joe Hill House of Hospitality. Ammon Hennessy was
a Catholic, anarchist, pacifist, draft dodger of two World Wars, tax refuser,
vegetarian and one-man Revolution in America, I think that about covers it.
He was pure hell. First thing he did, after he got to know me, he said "You
know you love the country. You come in and out of town on these trains
singing songs about different places and beautiful people. You know you love
the country, you just can't stand the government, get it straight! He quoted
Mark Twain to me, "Loyalty to the country always, loyalty to the government
when it deserves it." Get it straight.

It was an essential distinction I had been neglecting. And then he had to
reach out and grapple with the violence but he did that with all the people
around him. The Second World War vets on medical disabilities and all drunked
up. The house was filled with violence which Ammon, as a pacifist dealt
with, every moment, every day of his life.
He said, "You've got to be a pacifist!"
I said, "Why?"
He said, "It'll save your life."

My behavior was very violent then.
I said "What is it?"
He said, "Well I can't give you a book by Ghandi, you wouldn't understand it.
I can't give you lists of rules that if you sign it, you're a pacifist. You
look at it like booze. You know alcoholism will kill somebody, until they
finally get the courage to sit in a circle of people like that and put their
hand up in the air and say 'Hi, my name's Utah I'm an alcoholic.' And then
you can begin to deal with the behavior. And have the people define it for
you, whose lives have been destroyed. It's the same with violence. An
alcoholic, they could be dry for 20 years. They're never going to sit in that
circle and put their hand up and say 'I'm not an alcoholic anymore.' No
they're still going to put their hand up and say 'Hi, my name's Utah I'm an
alcoholic.' It's the same with violence. You've got to be able to put your
hand in the air and acknowledge your capacity for violence, and then deal
with the behavior. And have the people whose lives you've messed with define
that behavior for you. And it's not going to go away. You're going to be
dealing with it every moment, in every situation for the rest of your life."
I said, "Okay, I'll try that."
Ammon said, "It's not enough!"
I said, "Oh."
He said, "You were born a white man in mid-twentieth century industrial
America. You came into the world armed to the teeth with an arsenal of
weapons. The weapons of privilege: racial privilege, sexual privilege,
economic privilege. If you wanna be a pacifist it's not just giving up guns,
and knives, and clubs, and fists, and angry words. But giving up the weapons
of privilege and going into the world completely disarmed. Try that!"

That old man has been gone now about 20 years, and I'm still at it. But I
figure that if there's a worthwhile struggle in my own life, that's probably
the one. Think about it.

I'd always wanted to write a song for that old man. He never wanted one about
him. He was that way, but something mulched up out of his thought. His
anarchist thought. Anarchist in the best sense of the word.

Oh so many times he stood up in front of Federal District Judge Ritter, that
old fart. He'd be picked up for picketing illegally. He never plead innocent
or guilty he plead anarchy.
Ritter'd say "What's an anarchist Hennessey?"
And Ammon would say, "Why an anarchist is any body who doesn't need a cop to
tell him what to do. Kind of a fundamentalist anarchist."
Ritter'd say, "But Ammon you broke the law what about that!"
Ammon would say, "Oh judge, your damn laws, the good people don't need them
and the bad people don't obey them, so what use are they?"
Anarchy.
Anarchy.
Well I lived there for 8 years and I watched him, mainly watched him. And I
discovered watching him that 'anarchy' is not a noun but an adjective. It
describes the tension between moral economy and political authority,
especially in the area of combinations--whether they're going to be
voluntary, or coercive. The most destructive, coercive combinations are
arrived at through force. Like Ammon said, "Force is the weapon of the weak."
Anarchy. Think about it. Anarchy.
Anybody know that name? Ammon Hennessey?

                *                       *                       *                                               

Cosmik: Very powerful! Ammon Hennessey and Anarchy. So that's how you became
   an anarchist.

Utah: That's absolutely right. By the way, I never like to say these things,
   to lay these things down and then just let them lie there. I require
   responses. People disagree with me, or they agree with me, or they have
   something to add to my thinking. I want people to be able to communicate
   with me about these ideas. I expect a response, so I'd like to give you my
   address: Utah Phillips, P.O. Box 1235 Nevada City, CA 95959. Send me your
   thoughts and feelings because it helps me to make decisions about the right
   things to do.

Cosmik: If you're not totally opposed to computers, you might enjoy being
   on-line.

Utah: Well I do have an e-mail address: utah@nccn.net   Some folks in San
   Jose have also set up a web page called "Hidden Waters" (http://www.***
   It has other diatribes in it.

Cosmik: What do you think Ammon Hennessey would say to today, what's going on
   in 1996, here in the United States?

Utah: He would probably say that "the battle rages," that it still is going
   on. He would still be convinced that violence is a social addiction. I
   think that Ammon also would have grown into the feeling that I possess
   very, very strongly, we hear that our society is becoming becoming more
   violent, society is becoming more uncaring. I don't believe that. What is
   the similarity between Pol Pot and the genocide in Cambodia, and what just
   happened in Bosnia, Rwanda and so on. Women aren't doing this. Kids aren't
   doing this. Old people aren't doing this. It's young men. We've got a
   serious male problem with violence. It's the young man with the gun, I
   don't care what side he's on. That's what [makes] the world tremble in
   its boots. That's what people in houses worry about, it's the young men
   with the guns showing up with all these other agendas to work out. It's
   the young men with guns doing it to everybody else. And if we can't deal
   with the problem on that fundamental a term, then we can't deal with
   sexism in any other terms. That's one of the fronts that you would find
   Ammon on: what young men are doing to everybody else.

Cosmik: It sounds quite consistent.

Utah: That's the remarkable thing about Ammon and the Catholic Workers. Since
   the 1930's the incredible consistency that's grounded in very deep
   feeling of peace and also very deep feelings that human beings are
   innately cooperative, like Dr. Leakey said. And this notion that it's dog
   eat dog and we've got to be competitive against everybody else, that's
   just a bunch of hogwash we've been fed by a bunch of greedy people who
   want all our money.

Cosmik: Any parting thoughts?

Utah: Never wear a hat that has more character than you.

Cosmik: I love that line. Where does that come from?

Utah: One of the last hatmakers in North America, Joe Trifonopolis up in
   Tacoma. He passed his tools and his trade on to a young apprentice, I'm
   glad to say. Joe Trifonopolis passed away. I had the pleasure of buying,
   at a used, junk store, a Trifon hat. So I was playing up in Tacoma and I
   sought him out in this ancient hat shop. That's what he said as I was
   walking out the door with my Trifon hat. "Never wear a hat that has more                                                                             
   character than you."


---------------------------------------------------------------------------

FULLER UNDERSTANDING: An Interview With Randy Fuller
Interviewed by DJ Johnson

Interviewing Randy Fuller was a challenge I wasn't at all prepared for. Not
because of Randy, but because of situations that currently surround Randy.
Due to a legal battle between Del-Fi Records and Norton Records over the
ownership of certain reels of 35 year old tape--and specifically due to the
court orders prohibiting discussion of aspects of that case--some subjects
had to be approached from the side roads. And some had to be avoided
altogether. If you're waiting for Randy to say who is right and who is
wrong, forget it. Sorry. Not allowed at this point in time.

Bassist Randy Fuller and his brother, Bobby, were rock and roll heroes in
their hometown of El Paso, Texas in the early 60's. Within a few years,
the Bobby Fuller Four had a national hit on their hands with "I Fought The
Law," and a strong follow-up with "Love's Made A Fool Of You."  Suddenly,
it seemed the sky was the limit. With Bobby's intensity, drive and
undeniable talent, the future looked extremely bright.

It all came to an abrupt halt on July 18th, 1966, when Bobby Fuller was
found dead in his car. Bruised, bloody, and soaked with gasoline (some
of which had ended up in his throat), the obvious conclusion was murder.
The obvious conclusion wasn't reached. Despite the presence of a book
of matches next to his body and a gas can on the floor, and despite the
other signs of violence, Bobby's death was ruled a suicide.

For Randy and his family, it was another in a string of terrible tragedies.
Two of his brothers were murdered, and one was killed in a car accident.
His mother was so devastated by Bobby's death that she went into a ten
year slide. Now, 53 year old Randy Fuller's family is all gone. With
Bobby's death, Randy's life was thrown into confusion and turmoil. After
many years of soul searching and learning his own strength, he's able
to stand again on solid ground. But the questions still haunt him. On
a recent installment of Unsolved Mysteries that dealt with Bobby's murder,
Randy asked anyone with information to come forward.  There are many
theories about who killed Bobby, and after the letters poured in in
response to the show, there were many more. The oft-mentioned mystery
blonde named Melody was mentioned in the segment, and she came forward
soon after. No, she wasn't involved with a mob figure while she was fooling
around with Bobby, or at least that's what she says now. After talking to
her on the telephone, Randy only has more questions about his brother's
death, and none of the answers he'd hoped for.

Despite having to tiptoe around the legal issues, and despite the sometimes
disturbing subject matter, talking to Randy was very enjoyable. He's a
friendly man: a "good ol' boy" with a great Texas drawl and the down-home
vernacular to go with it. The following conversation took place by phone
early one morning a few days before Christmas. I got so caught up in his
recollections and his way of relating them that I ended up throwing the
"game plan" out the window. Rather than edit the interview to death, I
decided to run it "actual size," with topics coming and going as they
actually did during the conversation. Take notes and you'll be just fine.


                  *        *        *        *


Cosmik: How did music find its way into the Fuller household?

Randy: Well, my mother and dad loved music. When we were in high school...
   or in grade school, actually, or even before that, I can remember my
   mother wanting us to take piano lessons and voice lessons and things
   like that, you know. When we went into high school, you know, first
   Bobby played the trumpet and I played the trombone, and that was all
   due to Tommy Dorsey and all that kind of stuff through my parents.
   And then when Elvis came out, it just went right down the line... When
   you're young and you see someone like Elvis or Buddy Holly, you know,
   you want to start playing THOSE kinds of instruments.

Cosmik: Who was the first one to have a guitar?

Randy: Oh, I guess I was. Let's see... that was a long time ago. I got
   my first guitar when I was 14 or 15. Somewhere in there. It was a
   Country Gentleman. Black Gretch.

Cosmik: Oh, beautiful...

Randy: Yeah, I wish I still had it now.

Cosmik: I'll bet you do!

Randy: Yeah, I got into the guitar first, and then I went to military school.
   And when I was in military school, I was across Texas there, almost to
   Houston at Allan Military Academy. And my brother, he was a drummer
   then, you know. He studied drums. He was going to go to Julliard and
   study jazz drums in New York, but he ended up going to North Texas State
   instead. During that time, you know, he picked up the guitar himself,
   and when I got back from Military school, he was into it pretty good.

Cosmik: So he was already pretty good...

Randy: Well, he put in a lot of hours. I had to march!  I didn't have time
   to really practice guitar AND go to military school.

Cosmik: How did you end up in military school?

Randy: Well, it was a mutual agreement with my parents to try to get me on
   the right track, you know?  Living in El Paso, it's easy to get off on
   the wrong track.

Cosmik: What is it about El Paso that makes it so easy?

Randy: Well, it's a border town, you know. You live in a border town, you
   get a lot of influences from... well... it's all kinds of things. What
   do you wanna know? (laughs)  Hell, I went to Mexico when I was 14, 15.
   Goin' to Juarez, having tequila and cokes for a nickle, you know, gettin'
   in a fight in a bar over there... It was pretty crazy.

Cosmik: There was some trouble down in Mexico with you and your half brother,
   right?

Randy: Jack. Oh yeah, we went over there and got into a big fight one New
   Years. My father told us not to go over there. My cousin had come to
   town, and when we all three got together... (laughs) We didn't go over
   there to get in no fight or anything, you know, but we went over there
   when they told us not to... our parents, you know. "Now be sure y'all
   don't go to Mexico," and as soon as we left, that's right where we
   went. (Laughs) You know how boys are.

Cosmik: Oh yeah, ya gotta cut loose.

Randy: We went all over that day in Juarez, and ended up in some little ol'
   joint way back in the backstreets somewhere. Looked like an old wild
   west thing. We got in a fight with that whole club full of 'em. There
   were fists flyin' everywhere. It was like an old wild west movie.

Cosmik: How close were you and Jack?

Randy: Oh, we were real close. Just like brothers. He was older, so he was
   mostly gone when I got into my teens. He was working, you know?  But he
   was working in different parts of the country, like New Mexico, drilling
   oil wells and things. When he turned around 30, he decided he didn't
   want to do that anymore, and he came to El Paso and got an apartment, and
   he stayed there until he was murdered. He was going to barber college to
   be a barber, he got his degree and was workin' right up the street from
   us. And then he met an old boy cuttin' his hair, I believe, and around
   there everybody went huntin' all the time, you know?  Everybody had a gun.
   Jack had a pistol. They decided to go out in the desert and do some
   shootin'. Target practicing, rabbit huntin' or something. We used to go
   at night a lot with spotlights and sit on the hood of the car, you know?

   My brother, you know, he had a son that his wife would never let him see.
   They got a divorce, you know?  And he met this little boy down in this
   apartment where he was stayin' next door, and he bought him some play
   money and he put it in his sun visor, and it kind of looked like real
   money. And this old boy that went huntin' with him thought that was
   real money up there. Thought it was a wad of real money stickin' up
   there in his sun visor. And he murdered my brother out there when he
   went to set up the target, he started shootin' him. Shot him five times,
   once in the back of the head to finish it, and left him out there in a
   ditch. There was two or three weeks that we didn't know where he was
   at, and finally they caught this old boy in my brother's car. He said
   Jack and him went to Juarez and Jack sold it to him. My dad knew he
   was lying. They called my dad to come over to Alamaguardo***, New Mexico.
   That's close to El Paso. Around that area is where he was murdered.
   My dad talked him into confessing.

Cosmik: What became of him?

Randy: He went to prison. I think he spent about twenty years in prison.
   He's out walking the streets now, unless he died. From there, I don't
   know if he changed his name or what. I've never run across him since.
   I'd LIKE to, but I haven't.

Cosmik: You'd have a few things to say to the man?

Randy: Yeah, I have a few things to... They might have to pull me off of him.
   But he's probably an old man. I wouldn't have much of a fight. I'm
   gettin' up there, but I can still handle myself pretty good, you know,
   for an old man.

Cosmik: Well, I saw you on Unsolved Mysteries, and you looked like you could
   still take care of yourself in a fight.

Randy: Yeah, I USED to, but I can't anymore. I mean, I can but I can't, you
   know?  You get them young fellers, you know, they hit too hard. (Laughs)

Cosmik: How old were you when Jack was murdered?

Randy: 17. We were playing our music when that happened.

Cosmik: Were you already pretty serious about the music then?

Randy: Yeah. Yeah, I was married at the time. I got married when I was 17.
   First marriage, you know. My dad wanted me to go to Hobbs, New Mexico,
   and become a roughneck. He drove me over there, and all I could think
   about was playing the bass guitar with Bobby, you know, and goin' to the
   music world, but my dad said "well you're a married man now. You've gotta
   give that up and go to work."  He drove me over there, and I made him cry
   because I would not go out on that two foot of snow on that drillin' rig
   and work. I turned around and went home, and he sat there cryin' because
   I'd embarrassed him in front of all of his friends. To this day, I wish
   I had gone ahead and worked, you know?  I think I would have been better
   off than in the music business, you know?

Cosmik: Was some of that just rebellion?

Randy: Yeah, it was rebellion, and just knowing that Bobby had it made in
   El Paso, and I was gonna have to go out there on that two foot of snow
   and work my butt off in freezing weather... and I don't know if you've
   ever been on a drillin' rig or not...

Cosmik: No.

Randy: That's what my dad did all his life. And all my mother would ever say
   is "I hope you boys never work on a drillin' rig like your dad. That is
   hard work."  But to this day, I look back and I wish I had it. That would
   have been better for me, you know?

Cosmik: Are you saying you wish you'd done that instead of the band?

Randy: Well, I can't say I wish didn't... I mean, I wish I had done something
   that would have given me a better security in my old age. You know what
   I'm sayin'?  Music didn't do that. Right now, I gotta worry about not
   havin' the... well, NOBODY'S gonna be gettin' Social Security, but I have
   to worry about that because I worked music all that time, where a lot of
   times you weren't paid that way. You just got the cash. I don't remember
   how it was with Del-Fi Records. I can't remember, it's been so long. But
   I don't remember if we paid into Social Security or not all that time. But
   if not, you know how that works. You get the minimum check. You know,
   the oil business is a money-making thing. And my dad had a pretty good
   connection in it, you know, he was a superintendent for the El Paso
   Natural Gas Company, and he got up there, you know?  He worked a lot of
   years for the gas company.

Cosmik: So by walking out, you really burned a bridge.

Randy: Yeah, I did. I did, in a way. On the one hand, we have a record
   that's well known across the nation and will be a long time... You know,
   "I Fought The Law."  But on the other hand, I'm sittin' here "well, what
   good is it doin' me when Sonny Curtis is makin' all the money on it
   because he wrote it?"  Fame, well, that's okay, but... what can I say?

Cosmik: So you really gave up security to play in the band. How much were
   you and Bobby putting into the band back then, I mean in terms of hours
   per day and emotional energy?

Randy: Well, Bobby lived it, you know?  I remember when Bobby started playing
   guitar, when I got back from military school. He'd spend hours in the
   night... just all night long playing the same riffs over and over and
   over again and trying to sing like Buddy Holly or whoever he was trying
   to imitate at the time. You know, when you first start playing music,
   you gotta find you an idol... somebody you admire so you can imitate,
   because it doesn't really come that natural, even though you are gifted.
   I met a guy that could play Beethoven, just off the street, and he
   learned by watching his dad, and he didn't know a damned thing about
   music, but he wanted to play rock and roll. And here I can play maybe
   four chords on a piano, and he wanted me to TEACH him. I was amazed
   at what that guy knew. So you gotta use somebody to get your thing
   going. Bobby would spend hours, you know, just hours. I was a little
   more... I liked to go out and mess around, you know?  I was a little more
   rebellious. I would go out, and when I came back in, he'd still be up
   practicing by himself. I believe that's how he got so good, you see,
   because he spent the time to GET good.

   I was considered, at one time, probably the best rock and roll bass player
   in Hollywood, you know, when we were working at PJ's, so I spent a lot of
   time just learning the bass, because I couldn't compete with him. I
   didn't have that kind of patience until later. After he died, I discovered
   I had it, you know. A little late, then, though.

Cosmik: Were you able to tell pretty early on that Bobby had it?  That he
   was going to be something special?

Randy: Well, yeah, everybody knew that Bobby was very talented musically.

Cosmik: So that wasn't a gradual thing, then?

Randy: No. Heck no. When he was little... he played ukulele when he was
   a little bitty thing. I guess you could say he was the first one to
   play guitar because he played ukulele. He played it well. He did a
   little act to entertain my dad's business friends. He'd have Bobby
   either play the piano or play the ukulele and put on a little show.
   They'd want me to do something, I'd go off and hide in the bedroom. I
   was too shy. I'd get so dadgum red and flushed that I couldn't even
   think, you know?  He would just excel at that, but he couldn't hardly
   talk to anybody. It was weird. He could do all those things, but it
   really hard for him to talk to you about just everyday life, you know,
   like what he was thinkin' and "what do you plan to do" and all this and
   that. He was real withdrawn about things like that, but when it came
   to gettin' up and entertaining, he could do it. It's funny, you know?

Cosmik: Was this just early on, or was he always like that?

Randy: No, he was like that most of the time. But he could handle business,
   you know, he was very good at that. He knew what he wanted, and he went
   after it. A lot of people don't have to say a word for you to know what
   they mean. That's kind of like the way it was. When you're in our
   position... like Bobby had a great talent in electronics and engineering
   and producing, and he could have been a great producer. When you're
   trying to make it, and you're dealing with someone who's already
   controlling that, like Bob Keane, it made it really miserable for Bobby.
   Because he had an idea of the way the sound was gonna be, but Bob Keane
   did too, and they didn't really agree most of the time on it. And I
   didn't agree with Bob Keane, either, on a lot of it, because he'd lose the
   bass quality that Bobby always got in our home recordings, you know?

Cosmik: We know Bob and Bobby had their problems. Was Bob Keane difficult
   for you to deal with, personally?

Randy: We don't talk much anymore, you know?  I didn't trust the guy back then,
   to be honest with you. Now I've been told he's changed since those days,
   and that may be, but I don't know. I'll have to wait and see. You know,
   part of the problem is he tried to get me to sign a contract to give him
   fifty percent of all the publishing on all those songs, and you know,
   after twenty-something years, you get all that back. It comes back to the
   original artist. Well, it's starting to come in now. All those songs are
   comin' back to me. I never signed that contract with him. I backed out
   of it, and we went 'round and 'round on that, and the thing just read
   like he could do anything he wanted to do with any of those songs,
   publishing-wise, and if I did anything, I'd be liable for lawsuit. Now
   isn't that somethin'?

Cosmik: Geez, that's pretty bad...

Randy: He wants fifty percent of 'em, and he'd control all of it. I couldn't
   do nothin'. Everythin' that come in, he'd have to administer. Finally,
   I read that contract and I just told him, I said "I'm not gonna sign this
   thing, Bob," and we didn't talk for another six months. Now, I'm sure
   glad I didn't do that. I just got a letter from Bug Music, and now they're
   coming in at a hundred percent, where before I had twenty-five. Less,
   maybe. So that's kinda nice, even though I can't really distribute nothin,
   it doesn't matter, you know?

Cosmik: And you have at least a few songs that should do well for you, right?
   I mean, I would assume "Love Made A Fool Of You" does pretty well.

Randy: "Love Made A Fool Of You" was not written by us.

Cosmik: Oh, was that Sonny Curtis, too?

Randy: Sonny Curtis. We made Sonny Curtis a million bucks, man. And we never
   even got so much as a Christmas card from the guy.

Cosmik: Are you serious?

Randy: Uh huh. And you can print that. The only thing we ever got from him
   was "well ya oughta use MY version!"  HIS version sounded like a bunch of
   drunk indians, you know what I mean?  I'd just as soon hear somebody whup
   a houndog at four in the mornin'!  I mean, that's how bad it sounded to me.

Cosmik: I know I'm an oddball for this, but I always liked "Love Made A Fool
   Of You" better than "I Fought The Law," especially the recording of it.

Randy: Well, a lot of people did. "I Fought The Law" was a gimmick, you
   know...

Cosmik: It's a good song, though.

Randy: Yeah, it's a good song, but the thing about it is, you know, it was
   number one in New York City for a while, and you can't beat that. That
   was my idea to do that... you know, to release it BECAUSE of New York
   City, and that's funny that it went number one in New York.

Cosmik: Over the years, there have been a lot of covers of "I Fought The Law."
   From a lot of genres, too. What do you think when you hear those?

Randy: Oh, it's about like hearin' my dogs howling out there.

Cosmik: Really?  You never cared for any of them?

Randy: Well, everybody's got their style, but I think that... You hear that?!

(Randy's dogs begin howling up a storm outside.)

Cosmik: Wow!  Right on cue! (Laughs)

Randy: They're singin' "I Fought The Law" right NOW! (Laughs)  Wasn't that
   Blue Cheer?  (Laughs) No, I think that once sombody's done a song like
   "La Bamba," one that's already established itself as one of the top rock
   and roll songs, it's very hard for somebody else to do that song again
   and sustain it over the one that was originally done. Sure, they got 'em
   out, and they did it... even like Hank Williams Jr. did it, but it's just
   not the same. And all those songs, except for Sonny Curtis', they don't
   get the airplay. Like the oldies stations play "I Fought The Law" by
   Bobby Fuller. If you turn on the oldies, you'll hear it every other day
   or so, but you won't hear theirs.

Cosmik: When the band first went to LA and signed with Keane, what was the
   relationship like with him?

Randy: Well, he was remodeling the studio when we first signed with him, and
   he was really in bad financial shape. He was having a hard go of it at
   the time we signed with him. And then Larry Nunes came into the picture,
   you know... this outside businessman?  He had money, and he backed Bob to
   restore the studio, and I guess with a partnership deal of some kind...
   I never did really know their partnership deal. All I know is Larry Nunes
   became the controller of Bobby Fuller Four, and [he] made promises that
   came true, so I know he had a lot of power.

Cosmik: Was he really the shady character that we've all heard he was?

Randy: Well, I don't think of Larry as such a shady character, but... a lot
   of people have claimed that he was affiliated with... and PJ's, where we
   worked, was affiliated with the mob, you know. That Melody girl that you
   might have seen on Unsolved Mysteries, she claims that that was not true.
   That he'd had no dealings with the mob. So I don't know. The way she said
   it, I think she's lyin', so I don't know. Why would she say that he is?
   She's not gonna tell ya. She's not gonna say it. She's gonna claim...
   they might've even told her NOT to say it. you know?

Cosmik: Did you get a chance to talk to her?

Randy: Yeah. I talked to her. She says that Larry Nunes was a great guy, he
   was a good man, and there was no way he was involved in any of this or that.
   But see, I heard otherwise, even way back then. But I don't know.

Cosmik: Is he still alive?

Randy: No, he died. That's the only reason anybody'd say anything, I'd
   imagine. But I'm sure he's still got relatives, so I wouldn't say too
   much. I sure wouldn't print nothin' negative towards the guy, like he
   was a "shady man," or somethin'. That's not where the "shady" thing
   come in. All that has been written by people other than me. I just
   know what I know, and I know what Bobby told me one time, but he never
   mentioned anything about "the mob," you know?  But he did mention some
   other things. Crooked. I'll put it that way. Crooked.

Cosmik: He mentioned you don't want to cross 'em, huh?

Randy: Well... not really that way, but all I know is... a man picked us up
   in Chicago. I don't know the guy's name. I can't remember, because I
   was pretty wild back then, I didn't really pay much attention to things
   like... I didn't care, you know?  But there was an old boy who picked us
   up in Chicago at the airport when we flew in there to do a show, and the
   guy who picked us up said he was the biggest bigtime man there, and the
   cops respected everything he said, and this and that, and I mean, you
   could tell that he was a mobster or whatever. He said "I'll show you
   how big I am here," and he hollered out across the street at the cops
   "come here, you jerk! Come over here," and the guy walked over "yes sir,
   Mr. Simoni," or whatever. (Laughs) I don't know the guy's name, I'm just
   makin' it up, you know?  But that happened. And after all is said and
   done, I never really thought anything about anything until I looked back
   on things like that.

Cosmik: Was this happening as things were first picking up for the band?
   Popularity and all that?

Randy: Oh yeah. The popularity picked up, and then there was this stale
   period because of the... I guess you'd call it because of the LSD period,
   At the time, psychedelic music was just startin' out and gettin' popular,
   and that was killin' the regular old rock. It was takin' over. And the
   English and the psychedelic stuff, it was really hard for an American band
   at that time--unless they were doin' somethin' weird like LSD and dressin'
   up like a bunch of clowns--to do ANYTHING, you know?

Cosmik: Did you like any of the British psychedelia that came around?

Randy: Yeah, I got INTO the psychedelic... I played a lot of psychedelic.
   I got into that trend, you know?  I got into after my brother died
   because I didn't feel like there was much left for me to live for, so
   I went all out. Went through the drug thing and everything else, but
   I learned real quick that isn't the way to go. All this Maharishi, and
   all that, it was just a passing thing, you know?  You listen to Beatles
   music. Some of their stuff from Seargent Peppers and on down the road,
   it just got too damned weird. You know, the old stuff--"Love Me Do" and
   all that--that's where it was really at.

(One of Randy's neighbors comes over to borrow a welding torch, so there is
a bit of a delay. When we got back into it, we backtracked a bit.)

Cosmik: How did you guys handle the "sudden success?"  I know it wasn't
   really sudden, because you worked so hard, but were you prepared for
   the amount of attention you got?

Randy: Well, I'll put it this way. I believe there's some strong power
   out there somewhere that causes things, like God, you know?  You can
   say it's God or whatever. But you know, when we started playin' in El
   Paso, we started drawing like four and five thousands kids way before
   we even knew who The Beatles were. The Beatles wasn't even out yet,
   or ANY English group. There was this period when Buddy Holly died, and
   Ritchie Valens, and Presley was still goin' pretty good, but music got
   kinda in a little stale place there for a ten year period, and we started
   playing in that period, just like The Beatles did over there in England.
   Just like other bands somewhere else mighta been doin'. But kids were
   wanting somethin'. Something was inside of them wanting somethin'. Cause
   everywhere we played back when we were Bobby Fuller Four in El Paso--only
   we were another name, you know... Fanatics or Frantics or something--we'd
   just pack the place, and they loved us. It was just incredible. It
   looked like we were gonna be an overnight big thing right there, it was
   so incredible.

   And then all of a sudden The Beatles come out, and it starts happenin'
   for them like it was happenin' for us, just in that Southwest area.
   That's what hurts so much, is you think "well, my God, if we'd just been
   in the right door at the right time and the right place, we'd of been
   The Beatles!"  Or there'd a been another band that would'a been The
   Beatles other than The Beatles. It was just the world that was ready
   for that to happen. A lot of people say "you're full of it," but I mean
   I've got pictures that show the crowds we were drawing, and it wasn't a
   fluke thing. It was like they were in a frenzy over it. We were just
   like one step behind. If we'd of been one step ahead, we'd of been
   probably like The Beatles. Now, if you print that, a lot of people are
   gonna say "well, he's full of crap," but that's the way I saw it. And
   I'm not sayin' it because I'm tryin' to say we're as good as The Beatles
   or anything else, but we had a lot of fans that would probably say the
   same thing, at that time, you know?  Even a paper back there printed
   "The world has The Beatles, but El Paso has The Bobby Fuller Four."

   The only thing that killed us was the English. I think it would have
   come to that if there hadn't been English boom like that. We would have
   been something greater than we were. I can actually blame the English
   for that... (Laughs) but I don't, really, you know. Can't help the way
   things fall.

Cosmik: So you're playing in El Paso to these humungous crowds, and they've
   obviously got a lot of pride in the band, you know, the hometown heroes...

Randy: Oh yeah. And it's more or less still that way in some ways there,
   you know?  It'll always be there. We had a street named after us, you
   know?

Cosmik: Oh, really?

Randy: Yeah, there's a Bobby Fuller Drive there, like Lee Trevino and all
   that. I even have one of the signs here that the mayor gave me. It's
   out on my patio now.

Cosmik: When you left for Los Angeles and you started to, quote, make it,
   unquote... was it initially less of a frenzy than what you had at home
   in El Paso?

Randy: Well, I'll tell you what. We played at The Rendezvous, where Dick
   Dale played, when we first got out here. And there were about a hundred
   bands auditioning for the job, and we got the job. We packed that place
   bigger than it had ever been packed with Dick Dale. Now, he'll disagree
   with ya, but you ask our drummer, Dwayne. He knows that story perfect.
   We beat the all time record for the biggest crowd ever had there. And
   then PJ's, we broke THEIR record there, drawin' crowds. They used to
   line up for a couple blocks in a line to get in there at night to hear
   us play. You couldn't move in the place.

   At that time, we thought it was just... even WITH The Beatles, you know?
   It was gonna go. But then it went into this lull, and I think a lot of
   it had to do with Bob Keane and the way he was promoting us and stuff
   like that. They were trying to make our music sound too Motowny, you
   know?  If Bobby woulda been able to do what HE wanted to do... It's not
   that you're copying Buddy Holly, see. We had our own style. And Bob...
   I don't know if you heard him on that TV program [Unsolved Mysteries] or
   not, but that was not true, what he said. They didn't argue about Buddy
   Holly stuff. They argued about the sound that Bob was gettin' on our
   stuff. He'd lose the bass, he'd put too much echo on it, he'd try to
   make it sound like Phil Spector productions. He wanted to make this big
   production like The Righteous Brothers, but we were The Bobby Fuller Four,
   a simple little band.

Cosmik: And with your style of music, that raw energy and straight forward
   approach WAS the sound...

Randy: That was it. We lost control of that, is what happened. And that's
   how we got into the still place we were in.

Cosmik: How did you feel when you were watching Unsolved Mysteries and you
   saw him saying that?

Randy: I didn't like that, what he said there, because it wasn't accurate,
   if you want to know my personal opinion. That'll have to last now,
   because every time they rerun that, those remarks are what people will
   hear.

Cosmik: I'm assuming you didn't see the entire piece until it ran.

Randy: Right.

Cosmik: And then you see what LOOKS like you're participating with and in
   agreement with Bob Keane, just by virtue of the fact that you're in the
   same segment. Did you feel kind of duped when you saw the whole thing?

Randy: Well, yeah, more or less. I felt like it was a promotional thing for
   him, for money, records... whatever he could get out of it. I don't think
   he's doin' it for the sake of my brother, which is what he's trying to
   make people think he is [doing]. I think, really, he's interested in
   what he can get out of it.

Cosmik: After seeing the whole piece, did you wish you had known what he
   said before they interviewed you?

Randy: Well, I would have said somethin' different if I knew what he'd said.
   It's very hard to get on there and talk anyway, and I'm sure Bob had a
   hard time with it, too, because he didn't have anything to say. If I'd
   of known what he said, though, I would have said "well, the reason we
   were in a lull is because Bob Keane controlled all the music. My brother
   had a lot of talent, and would have been able to get us a sound that was
   more suitable for The Bobby Fuller Four, other than Bob gettin' it for
   Bob, and that's what they were really fighting about that night."  But I
   look at it this way: I was more interested in somebody coming forward.

Cosmik: Did the show end up having the effect that you were hoping it would
   have?  I know they haven't solved it, but Melody came forward...

Randy: Yeah, she came forward and she denied everything, but she told me a
   few things I didn't know, so that was good. Because I'd been lookin' at
   it the wrong way all these years. I didn't listen to nobody. I was
   kinda hard headed. I had my own idea and I stuck to it, and all of a
   sudden I realize that my idea might not have been what it was.

Cosmik: What WAS your idea?

Randy: Well, I never really talked to my mother too much about it, because
   it was too hard. My wife did, when I wasn't around. And she told me
   that my mother said these things... and she didn't tell me until after
   Unsolved Mysteries. And then when Melody called, she said the same
   thing, so I said "that musta been the way it was."  What it was was I
   thought Bobby went to a party that night that he died because of the
   fact that he told me, the day before it happened, he told me that he was
   goin' to a party that night with Melody. This was before I went over
   to Boyd Elder's house.

Cosmik: Boyd Elder?

Randy: Boyd Elder. He did The Eagles album cover, One Of These Nights. He's
   from El Paso. We were good friends. We spent a lot of time together
   because we were a lot alike. I was hanging around with him a lot, and
   I didn't like to stay at home too much. He had an art studio, and I used
   to go over there and have a few beers, you know. Anyway, Bobby told me
   he was goin' to a party that night and there was going to be LSD. I had
   experimented with it one time, I'll be honest with you... I had done it
   one time in the past and it put me on the worst bummer of my life. I
   told Bobby "you don't want nothin' to do that, boy, it's terrible." and
   I said "don't do it," and he said, "well, you know, that's where the
   music's goin'. Maybe I oughta do it. It'll help us get some stuff goin'
   here or somethin'."  I said "it don't work that way. This stuff can kill
   ya!"  It can and it can't, you know?  So I says "if you gotta go do it,
   let me go with you and watch out for you."  He said "all right, I won't
   do it. I promise you I won't do it."  And I says "if you ever decide, at
   least let me go with you so I can be with you," you know?

   To this day, that's what I always thought happened: that he must have gone
   to that party with her. Then they never knew what happened at that point.
   And that's why I always thought that she knew what happened. Then when I
   talked to her, she said that party never did come about. She said it was
   a week before that, anyway, and I so "no it wasn't either, it was that
   day."  I remember it just as clear as a bell. It was the only thing I
   DID remember. Then my mother said that he was home at 1:00 or 2:00 that
   mornin' when somebody called and he left, so he apparently didn't go to
   the party. He left 1:00 or 2:00, somethin' like that, early in the
   mornin', walked outside, and something happened from there on. He went
   downstairs and supposedly the apartment manager saw him, and he had a
   beer with him, and he left from there. That's what the apartment manager
   said... or that's what I heard. I don't know if it's true or not. But
   whoever called him could have [told him] that they were broke down or
   out of gas or somethin'. Coulda been Melody, coulda been anybody. And
   he mighta gone to help them. Or somebody called to meet him out front...
   or ANYTHING, you know?  Because at that point, it's a mystery.

   We got a lot of things here that people wrote that sound pretty convincing
   that whoever wrote these and sent them in know what happened. But there's
   a lot of nuts out there, too.

Cosmik: You mean letters you got from people who saw Unsolved Mysteries?

Randy: Yeah, I got a bunch of things they sent in.

Cosmik: What are some of the things these people have said that you think
   could be right?

Randy: Well, this one old boy said that this guy named [name deleted for
   legal reasons] up in Frisco, or Sacramento or somewhere, owns a construction
   company, and he was supposed to be around here at the time Bobby died.
   When he gets drunk, he talks too much, and this old boy says he's always
   talkin' about how he knows what happened and all that. Then there's one
   guy who sent a thing sayin' he was an FBI agent at the time, and that it
   was a mob hit. But heck, if you called every one of these people who sent
   somethin' in that are nuts... One guy wrote in and said Elvis Presley did
   it! (Laughs) Over Cadillacs!  So, you know, you can't just go askin' these
   guys if they did it, and if you can't get the police to re-open the case,
   you're kinda stuck. What am I gonna do?  Go up to Sacramento and spend
   all the little bit of money I got runnin' these guys down, and for them
   to say "no, I didn't do that."  So I can't really do much about it, unless
   there's one guy that'll just come forward and say "yeah, I did it. I'm
   sorry, and here's what happened, and I can prove it."  That's what I was
   hopin' would happen. That somebody would know somebody that would just
   do it. But I don't think that's gonna happen. It doesn't look like it.

Cosmik: Naw. Not when you look at how brutal it was. It doesn't indicate
   somebody with a conscience.

Randy: Exactly. There's one of 'em in here that is pretty weird. It says
   that some old boy was... his wife was goin' out with Bobby. He says
   "there's where the idiot died, right there."  The way they're talkin' is
   like they know that he did it. And a lot of people thought it might be
   because of that. You know, Melody says she was married once before, but
   at that time she was separated from her ex husband, and they always thought
   whoever she was goin' with in the mob, you know, was the one that did
   Bobby in. She denies all that. But I would too, if I was her, wouldn't
   you?

Cosmik: Oh yeah.

Randy: So she seemed like she just made it a point to call Unsolved Mysteries
   and to call me, or me call her, to get this squared away that that isn't
   the way it was. Now, hey, that's kinda funny. All the articles been out
   all this time, and you just now, because of Unsolved Mysteries, call me
   and tell me this. Kinda weird.

Cosmik: It's really surprising that she came out at all.

Randy: Yeah, it's almost like "hey, I'm gonna get the heat off MY back on
   this."

Cosmik: I wonder if there WAS any heat on her back?  I mean, she could have
   just stayed anonymous.

Randy: They mighta told her to call, and "look, you call and say there was
   no affiliation with nothin'!"  I dunno. I'm not gonna get in too deep
   on it, because it's just too dangerous. She was a call girl, and she was
   into a call girl ring. I know that for sure, because she even admitted
   that to me. But she said there was no dealings with any kind of mob, but
   I'm not so sure about that. I'm really not so sure about that.

Cosmik: Yeah, it sure didn't look like any crime of passion. It looked
   pretty brutal. Pretty "gangland."

Randy: Yeah, well... it's pretty hard to say, I mean, you know... When a man
   can tell you that he's gonna make you as big as Elvis Presley within a
   year, and you go down to the Broadway and you've got posters bigger than
   Beatles or Elvis Presley standin' in the mall there at the record counter,
   and your posters made out of cardboard with stands behind 'em, and there's
   four of 'em standin' there... that's some power there, man!  Back then,
   when it was really hard to get a record on the air for anybody other than
   The Beatles and English bands, he was doin' this for us. Now he had some
   power and he had connections. To get us in PJ's?

Cosmik: You're not talking about Keane...

Randy: I'm talking about one of them two. There's was some power there, or
   knowledge of who to talk to, anyway. And then Barry White was there,
   too, at the time. Then Larry Nunes and Barry White went off after Bob
   folded the studio up. They went off and made Barry White. So there's
   power there too. You just don't do things like that without a lot of
   power. Connections in a lot of cities. Barry White wasn't that great
   to be able to make him that quick back then, you know?  He's not even
   that good lookin' of a man. Big fat dude. Just to put him out there
   like that and have him make it big right after Bobby died?  Two guys
   right in a row. That takes power.

Cosmik: How was the relationship between the rest of the band and Bobby at
   the end?

Randy: Oh, well, they were jealous of him. I'll put it bluntly: everybody
   was jealous of Bobby, including myself. Couldn't help but be. Anybody
   would be, I'd imagine, but not enough to kill him. At least, not me.
   As far as Jim and Dalton, I don't know. And I know Dwayne wouldn't hurt
   a fly, and he'd been kicked out of the band way before that anyway, and
   got used to his own different life, you know?  Of course, who knows what
   anybody would do. My mother thought maybe Jim Reese mighta had somethin'
   to do with it because he was really jealous of Bobby, and he said a lot
   of things after Bobby died like if it wasn't for him we'd of never made
   it, and all this and that. Which just kinda reinforces that he was
   pretty jealous. But it wasn't that way at all. Jim was a good guitar
   player, but he wasn't nothin' exceptional. You gotta show people what
   you are. You can't just sit back and be a little ol' guitar player, you
   gotta get up and DO somethin'. Let somebody else do all of the shit and
   then you wanna take credit for it?  Forget it!

Cosmik: What did you feel when the police report said it was a suicide?

Randy: Well, none of us really knew what happened. We were all in shock.
   Bob Keane stepped up and said "aw, he didn't commit suicide," or somethin'.
   The thing is, everybody was in shock. It was really hard for anybody to
   care whether it was suicide or anything else. My mother went into a DEEP
   shock, you know?  My dad was out of town. I was just numb. Who started
   workin' on the suicide thing was Bob and Larry Nunes, because apparently
   Bob had an insurance policy on him. And I think we did too, but his was
   like eight hundred thousand or a million or somethin' like that.

Cosmik: With who as the benefactor?

Randy: With Bob Keane as the benefactor... or Larry Nunes, one of them two
   as benefactor. Of course, he'll deny there was any insurance policy, but
   I saw it.

Cosmik: I think they already have denied it.

Randy: They denied it?

Cosmik: Yeah. The logic being why would Bob Keane have had to go bankrupt so
   shortly after Bobby died if he'd gotten that much money.

Randy: Eight hundred thousand... Who knows?  But they owed a lot of money.
   They were in debt at the beginning. They did change it to accidental
   death by asphyxiation. So if they changed it, and there was a policy,
   then somebody got the money. Now, do you know of any record company that
   didn't have an insurance policy on their artists?

Cosmik: No, not the successful ones.

Randy: Okay, well, why did they work so hard to get it changed?  We didn't,
   they did. It was changed. So who knows?

Cosmik: And it doesn't look like the police were too honest...

Randy: Well, they didn't give a damn, is what they did. They didn't even
   take fingerprints. I didn't even see them with a fingerprint package out
   there.

Cosmik: Well, if what was depicted in the Unsolved Mysteries recreation was
   accurate, at least one cop was trying to hide evidence by putting the
   gas can in the garbage.

Randy: Yeah, or he didn't care... didn't give a darn.

Cosmik: That seems like something more than just sloppy police work, don't
   you think?

Randy: Yeah, that's true, but you know, my uncle went down there and was
   cussing out the Chief of Police or the Sergeant or somethin', and they
   told him if he knew what was good for him, he'd better keep his mouth
   shut. He was trying to tell them he knew it was murder and they'd better
   get on it, and they told him to leave. My dad handled it the best
   he could, God bless him. He had a rough time of it. There was not much
   we could do. And Keane and Larry, you know, they even hired a private
   investigator to see what they could find out. Now, whether it was a
   cover-up to do that or to take the heat off them, I don't know. But it
   might have been that they DIDN'T know what happened, and that they
   wanted to get that insurance money, and the only way they could get it
   was to get a private investigator out there to find out who did it. But
   when it was finally changed to the other deal, somebody got some money,
   because I know that we had insurance. We used to brag about it. Bobby
   even pointed it out one time. The more I think about it, the more I
   remember seeing it on that contract... or on that policy.

Cosmik: So it was almost a point of pride, like "look how much I'M worth?"

Randy: Yeah, you know, we'd say "well man, we're not even worth but a hundred
   thousand. You're worth a million," you know?  Another thing to get
   everybody pissed off at each other about. (Laughs)

Cosmik: Sure, more jealousy.

Randy: Yeah, just one more jealous thing.

Cosmik: With all those rumors floating around out there, has there ever been
   a time that you've wondered about what Keane knows?

Randy: Oh, I don't think Keane's a murderer. I think if Keane thought he
   could make a million bucks, I don't think he'd stop at too many things to
   get it out of you. Course, like I said, I've heard he's changed since
   then, I dunno. But no, I don't think Bob would kill anybody.

Cosmik: Let's move on now to after Bobby died. What kind of changes did you
   go through?

Randy: I had always had problems of my own just being shy and withdrawn, you
   know?  I had to come out of a shell after Bobby died. I had to work my
   way out, because I'd been kind of subdued my whole life. I didn't know
   any other way. That's the only thing I can say that anything good came
   out of my brother's death, was to open my mind up to where I had a little
   more ability to gain knowledge. When you get into such a small place,
   it's hard to ever make it in life. You can't work for nobody, you're
   always uptight and whatever. I went to an analyst for a while just to
   find out what I was about. After Bobby died, I needed a little bit of
   therapy, you know?  And I come to find out I had as much talent as he
   did, I just didn't know how to direct my energy. But I depended on him
   to do it, so why should I? (Laughs)

Cosmik: Because he had so much drive?

Randy: Well, sure. He had a drive to make it. He would have been successful
   at anything he did because he was given that at a very early age, I believe.
   Parents tend to do that to us. One child in every family is always gonna
   succeed, it seems like. In most cases. There's always the exceptions.
   We had two brothers that really had our family in a bind at the beginning.
   My other brother was killed in a car wreck, and that was really hard on
   our family. And then Jack was murdered, and then Bobby. You know, all
   of that added up to makin' it kind of hard for the baby, and I was the
   baby.

Cosmik: How did you deal with all of that tragedy in your family?

Randy: I didn't. I finally just had a breakdown. Once you finally have a
   breakdown and rebuild, you're okay, but if you don't ever get that
   breakdown, you're gonna be miserable the rest of your life.

Cosmik: How long did it take for that breakdown to come?

Randy: I was twenty eight when that happened. I was twenty two when Bobby
   died and twenty eight when that finally came to a head. Thank God it did,
   and thank God I knew the people I knew at the time that helped me, or I
   wouldn't have made it through it. But I'm here now, and I'm fine. I've
   got a good family. My wife, Dale, and I've been through a lot with HER
   family. We've lost just about everybody in both our families. My sister
   died, and my mother and dad died... all that's left is me, now. She lost
   her mother and brother and sister, all at a young age, and had everybody
   wiped out within ten years on her side. So we've got her dad and her
   brother, they're the only ones left in both our families.

Cosmik: After Bobby's murder, you said everyone was in shock... how long was
   it before anyone picked up a guitar again?

Randy: Well, it was just... right away. I went back to El Paso after that.
   I drove the car back Bobby died in. With two other people that helped
   me get back. We packed everything up and drove it back to El Paso. My
   mother was in a condition... she was a waste for ten years, really. I
   didn't even hardly know who she was for about ten years, and then she
   started coming out of it. But I drove that car back and I was back there
   for about a month, and my dad answered the phone and it was Dwayne, and
   he said that Bob Keane wanted to put another band together, and he had
   a couple of guitar players that I would really like, and that we could
   go right back to work at PJ's if I would come back, and I said I don't
   want no more to do with it. And then he talked me into it, so I went
   back and worked there another two years.

   I'll tell ya, I got up there one night singing "I Fought The Law," and
   I'd been havin' a few drinks, you know, and I felt something come over
   me. I felt like I was singin' in phase with my brother singin'. I
   never sang it that well in my life. Ever. And I wasn't that good a
   singer anyway, at that time. And probably still, a lot of people don't
   think I am now. (Laughs)  But I can look back and say that was the
   strangest thing that ever happened. Something come over me and it was
   like his spirit was in me singin' along with me. I don't know if anybody
   else picked up on it, but it sure felt weird to me. It was strange.

Cosmik: Was it a good feeling?

Randy: Yeah, it was a GREAT feeling. I could do no wrong. It was like I
   had his voice all of a sudden with mine just like we always had them
   together. It was like it was gone, but yet it was still there.

Cosmik: That must have been comforting.

Randy: Well, I don't know about comforting. Nothing back then seemed to be
   too comforting. I was pretty miserable then. And then having to deal
   with the egos of the other guys in the band... and I was the band leader
   all of a sudden, which I'd never been before. Being as insecure as I was,
   if anybody in the band had any more drive than I did, they were jumping
   in front of me constantly, you know, trying to control. That really made
   things miserable for me, because I didn't know how to... That's where
   with my brother, like, he did the brains and I did the muscle. When I
   finally had to start doing them both, it was hard. It took me a long
   time to understand what it was all about. I didn't want nothin' to do
   with business men, money, all that crap, you know?

Cosmik: And this went on for about two years?

Randy: Yeah, we was there for a couple of years, and then the guys in the
   band started doin' drugs, and it went in kinda different directions.
   You know, started doin' LSD, and that screws everybody up. It wasn't
   meant to happen anyway, you know, we weren't gonna stay together.

Cosmik: What did you do after it broke up?

Randy: Well, I went and formed another band back in El Paso with some old
   boys I always wanted to work with. We came back out again and tried to
   play at PJ's, and it didn't work out. We worked there a couple months,
   I guess, and then decided it wasn't gonna do it. And then I got married
   and... well my wife and me got together, actually. We broke that band
   up, and then I started working with just different bands around. I got
   into one band called Blue Mountain Eagle, and got a contract with Atlantic
   Records. We did an album and it seemed like it was gonna go pretty good.
   And you know, it's funny... If you don't get along in a band with the
   other musicians, there's no sense in stayin'. Because I was in the band,
   I was having headaches, I couldn't get along with these guys. Because it
   was a different breed. They was from different parts of the country.
   One guy's from Chicago, one guy's from New York, another guy's from
   California, and then all the egos that were goin' on... Boy, it was a
   mess. Then Ahmet Ertugan [Atlantic Records owner] called me and asked
   me if I'd keep writing songs for 'em, because the one they liked the
   most on the album was the one I wrote.

Cosmik: Which song was that?

Randy: It was called "Sweet Mama." But anyway, that broke up, and the lead
   guitar player, he went with a band called Sweathogs, and they had a number
   one record. I went and played country music after that with Billy Webb and
   different people around. We got back together and started playing out in
   the Pamona area, and all around... Palm Springs, different places. Tryin'
   to make a livin', you know?  That was about it.

Cosmik: How about now?  Do you ever get the urge to jump up on stage?

Randy: Oh, I did that not too long ago down at Spragg Brothers... they did a
   tribute to my brother. I went down there to sit in. Billy Webb and
   Dwayne went down there. You know, I still can do it, but the thing is I
   guess I'm just not like old Mick Jagger or somebody that can be sixty
   years old and get up there and act like I'm twenty. I mean, sure, the
   music's there and everything if I wanted to do it, but it just don't
   seem to fit me right now. Maybe it will later, I don't know. You know,
   if somebody told me they were gonna put on a tour across the world, and
   they wanted me to get up and mimick my brother's "I Fought The Law," and
   play on it, I might consider it. To go out here and jam every night... I'm
   out of that. The day for that, for me, is gone.

Cosmik: What are you doing these days?

Randy: Well, I'm a landlord, actually. I'm still doing some music. I write
   a little music here and there. I did that one CD with Bob not too long
   ago, but I haven't really been working music too much. I just do my own
   thing around here with it. I've got half ownership in a tanning salon
   out here that's doin' pretty good that my daughter was into. I helped
   her finance it. Plus, I've got a couple of rent houses and things like
   that. I've been remodeling and rebuilding, you know, like taking an old
   house and fix it up, rebuild it, rent it out, and try to get equity in
   it.

Cosmik: Well Randy, I really appreciate your time today. I have one more
   question, if you don't mind getting philosophical for a moment. When
   you look back at everything you lived through, are you still able to
   remember good times and enjoy the memories?

Randy: Some, yeah. The thing that I regret the most is not being together
   like I am now, to help my brother more--him help me and me help him--to
   do better, make the sound better, and everything else. I think my
   insecure attitude hurt us a lot. And then again it helped, in some
   ways. But I regret that because I think we'd of been even closer. We
   was pretty close, you know, but I think that would have helped us to be
   even closer, and then maybe things wouldn't have happened the way they
   did. I had a lot of good times, but I had a lot of rotten times, too.
   We worked really hard to do what we did. Bobby worked extremely hard
   to get just the little bit of fame we got, which was a very small
   amount, but we did do a little. I just regret the fact that he had the
   talent to do a lot more but didn't get a chance to go full blossom to
   see what could really be done.

   The good times... One of the greatest feelings in the world was hearing
   "Let Her Dance" on the radio for the first time. In Hollywood, goin'
   down the freeway, and all of a sudden, that started playin'. "Here's
   the new hit out by the Bobby Fuller Four."  Boy, and I'll tell ya, that's
   the greatest feelin' in the world.

Cosmik: Man... top of the world, huh?

Randy: Yeah. Because you know, to get a record on KRLA or KFWB, back in
   those days, was almost impossible for an unknown band. When Larry Nunes
   said he was gonna do these things for us, we was just kinda laughing
   under our jackets a little there, you know?  "Sure, he's not gonna do that."
   And all of a sudden, he says "You boys listen to the radio at one o'clock
   today. Your record's gonna be on there. We're like "sure, Larry."  We're
   drivin' down the street and it come on... boy... that's a great feelin'.
   You see yourself bein' a millionaire. But you never were, you know?

   I remember that Bobby had a credit card. We'd never had a credit card
   before, and he had a credit card up in New York. And that's one of the
   best times I can remember. I said "man, I sure am hungry," because all
   we'd been eatin' was like McDonalds burgers and cheap stuff, you know?
   He says "come on, we're gonna go eat somethin' good. Don't tell anyone
   else," you know... the other guys in the band. And we went into one of
   the top restaurants there--I forget the name of it--and he said "order
   anything you want."  And I ordered a cornish game hen dinner with grapes
   on it and everything (laughs), boy. And we talked and had the greatest
   time that night. And that was... that was a good feelin', you know?


---------------------------------------------------------------------------

THORAZINE ON THORAZINE: Philly Punk At 2,000 MPH
Interviewed by DJ Johnson


I'm just ridin' the train.
I'm just ridin' the train.
It won't stop
Won't slow down
Can't get off
And on and on and on now!

That pretty much sums up the feel and pace of Crazy Uncle Paul's Dead
Squirrel Wedding, the first full length album by Philadelphia's punk
powderkeg known as Thorazine.  This is not music for people who suffer
from fear of confrontation: disgust, anger, and threat of bodily harm
are the fuel for many of these high voltage pounders.  The band--Jo-Ann
Rogan (vocals), Elliot Taylor (guitar), Dallas Cantland (drums) and Ross
Abraham (bass)--fires off these ferocious body shots with muscles flexed.
They ain't fuckin' around.

After listening to the album several dozen times, I had certain expectations:
I figured Jo-Ann would begin the interview by castrating me.  Failing that,
I figured she'd just blow my brains out and be done with it.  Well, her
lyrics suggest she may not think much of males of the species.  So imagine
my surprise when Jo-Ann turned out to be just the opposite of all that.
Shock of shocks!  They're all nice people!  Shhhhh... don't tell anyone.

Fresh off the road, all four musicians participated in this interview.  I
was anxious to hear about their battle with Smith-Kline, the drug company
that tried to force them to change the name of the band.  I was doubly
anxious to find out just what the hell the story was behind the title and
cover of Crazy Uncle Paul's Dead Squirrel Wedding.  And I wanted to find out
how Ross got a bass sound that caused my inner ear to implode, even with
the stereo on "mute!"  Yup, I had a LOT of really annoying questions, and
they didn't shoot me once.  So I wrote it all down, and here it is.


            *           *            *            *


Cosmik: In "Antiquated Male," you sound very dangerous.  In fact, in
   a LOT of songs, you sound very dangerous!  But talking to you is a shocker
   because you seem so nice.  Is the anger real, and are you able to get most
   of it out through singing?

Jo-Ann: I spent my early 20's extremely depressed, suicidal, with low self
   esteem because of abuse in my childhood, and growing up a fat kid.  I had
   no outlet for all this anger and was directing it at myself.  Joining
   Thorazine gave me a place for the misguided anger.  My life has changed
   a lot.  Being able to put all my anger out onstage and in rehearsal I have
   had very few suicidal thoughts in the last few years.  I've actually become
   almost well adjusted without Prozac! PUNK ROCK SAVED MY LIFE ALLELUIAH!

Cosmik: Because your music is so angry and tense most of the time, I would
   imagine you just couldn't do it if you were in too cheerful a mood.  What
   kinds of things do you do to get ready for a show... to get in the mood?

Jo-Ann: Hmmmmm... Not much.  The music starts and the anger and aggression
   kick in automatically.

Cosmik: During lulls when the band isn't gigging or practicing for a while,
   do you feel the pressure and frustration building up?

Jo-Ann: Yes. Elliott went into a research medical study before the tour for
   two weeks to make some extra cash.  I started losing it toward the end.
   Ross and I kept meeting in the kitchen and grumbled to each other constantly.
   It's rare for us not to rehearse a couple times a week, so I am usually ok.

Ross: I don't know about pressure, but I really start jonesin'. I start
   getting very anxious.  If it were up to me we'd rehearse everyday, but
   with our separate schedules we are only able to rehearse three days a
   week.

Cosmik: Do some people make assumptions that you might rip 'em up and keep
   their distance?

Dallas: You don't know the half of it!  These damned scaredy-cat kids today
   keep a 10 foot distance between them and the stage.  It was cool at first,
   but we want fans, not underlings!

Jo-Ann: Sometimes Dallas gets some nasty e-mails about how I have a set
   of testicles under my dress! Actually the whole band looks a bit
   intimidating when we are all together, which is a good thing because
   clubs rarely gyp us on our pay!

Cosmik: Do you respond to that kind of e-mail?  Any good "scared the crap
   out of the guy" stories?

Dallas: I usually stay away from it anymore because when I meet 'em in
   person, they're half my size and age, and I despise bullies.  The
   funniest one was a couple summers back.  This one kid talked all this
   smack online, and when he saw us in person, he went to Jo-Ann to find
   out which one was Dallas.  Jo pointed me out and he went "Tell him I'm
   sorry, 'cause I ain't goin over there!"

Cosmik: Do you see a lot of surprised faces in the crowds?  People who had
   no idea what the band looked like?  Most tough sounding bands don't look
   so tough in person, y'know...

Dallas: YES! So many bands today arent what they think they are.  Punk rock
   today is divided new-school and old-school.  I could go on and on with a
   list of bands from each camp, but I think youve got the picture.  Heres
   a little piece of info I wonder if Jo told ya.  Ruffhouse Records had a
   rep at one of our shows without our knowing it. A friend of ours who
   recognized him asked him what he thought.  "Their musicianship is
   superb, but they dont have "the look" and I cant do anything with em."

   Jo-Ann is the baby of us at 30 years old.  Were not "the beautiful people"
   from Melrose Place" or something.  Youre looking at real, everyday people
   when you stare into these faces.  Most adults 25 years and up look at us
   and remember when bands looked like us all the time.  We were "the look."
   Now that everybody looks like non-threatening skinny wimps still wet
   behind the ears, WE SCARE THE SHIT outta most kids that show expecting
   another band that looks like Offspring.  We were called "greasy, sleazy,
   sweaty people who play nasty music" in one article.  This is generally how
   kids see us.  We must be threatening in some way, shape or form, because
   weve never been stiffed on our money.  Even in clubs notorious for it.
   There was one night here in Philly where the management had to tell us
   that we generated no cash and when I was being filled in, they called the
   bouncer over.  He was shuffling his feet and rubbing the back of his neck
   nervously instead of me!

Ross:  People are scared to come close to the stage when we are playing for
   fear we will kick 'em in the head. People are intimidated.  I have gotten
   the comment that we look like mean bikers.

Cosmik: How did you get hooked up with Dionysus/Hell Yeah?

Jo-Ann: We sent out some demo's to labels I thought had cool ads.  I never
   called after the tapes.  Lee Josephs sent us a letter and put our 7 inch,
   Coffee, Tea, or Thorazine, out.  We toured four times off that little 7
   inch, so while we were in LA on tour he recorded Crazy Uncle Paul's
   Squirrel Wedding.  We will be recording our 2nd LP in March.

Cosmik: What's the story on the lawsuit by the drug company?  Is that for
   real?

Jo-Ann: Yes it is.  We got a a 'cease using our name' letter from Smith
   Kline about 2 years ago.  Dallas hit the net with the news, then all hell
   broke loose.  A local entertainment paper wrote about it first.  Then the
   daily papers picked it up and sent it over the Associated Press wire.
   ABC news radio picked it up, then TV news. We wound up in magazines like
   Newsweek, New Republic, and Playboy.  Because of the press we had lawyers
   offering free counsel, which was cool because we could not afford a
   good lawyer.  The press actually helped a lot because they portrayed us as
   the poor punk rockers that the big giant corporation was picking on.
   Smith Kline threatened us but never pursued the suit because we became
   more trouble than they wanted to deal with! At this point, they've never
   pursued the suit so the longer we have the name the less they can do
   about it. The little guy sometimes can win!

Cosmik: That kind of makes you heroes.  We all dream of beating the big guys
   at their own games.  Do you get many people coming up to you at your gigs
   wanting to talk about that?

Jo-Ann: They used to all the time, but it pops up less and less.  It is cool
   to beat the big guy, but I don't want to be known as "that band that got
   sued" forever.

Ross: It happened and it is over.

Cosmik: Ever think about writing an "in your face, Smith Kline" song?

Jo-Ann: Sure, you got lyrics?

Cosmik: None that wouldn't end your career in a big freakin' hurry.  That's
   why I don't get the big bucks.  So who is Crazy Uncle Paul, and what's
   the story behind that cool structure you named your album after?

Jo-Ann: Ok here is the tale... One nippy fall night, Ross, Dallas, and I
   went to a party.  Elliott was working at his soundman job, as usual.  It
   was a very boring party.  A guy walks up and says, "wanna see somethin'
   weird?"  We immediately say to him, "what can you shock us with?"   He
   had some Polaroid shots of the squirrels.  Our first question was "how
   did you get them to stand still?"  He proceeded with the story.

   Greg Baker was born and raised in rural Gettysburg, PA.  His great uncle
   Paul, who died in 1967, was an avid squirrel hunter.  He came up with the
   weird idea to stuff them.  His wife, Aunt Ruth, sewed the costumes on by
   hand!  I kid you not!  They modeled the wedding scene after the church
   they attended, going as far as using the remnants of the carpet that
   was in the church.  If you look very closely at the photos, there is one
   seat empty.  Uncle Paul died before the last seat was filled!  We saw
   this and had to have it for our album cover, which was as of that moment
   unrecorded.

   We set off to LA and recorded.  We returned after the long tour and
   recording session to find Greg MIA.  We hunted him down and went to his
   father's house in Gettysburg to shoot the wedding.  We set off on a snowy
   morning to Gettysburg.  We arrived and Greg proclaimed that his father hated
   everyone and stay out of his way.  While Nadine and Adina (photographers)
   were setting up, we met Greg's Dad.  He was so great to us.  He showed us
   his whole collection of Civil War guns and has invited us to come out
   again to go shooting. He offered up all the tasty tidbits on the Wedding
   and made us coffee!  The Baker family had one request.  They would like
   to donate the Dead Squirrel Wedding to a museum that would restore and
   display all 74 creatures.  If anyone wants to get in contact with the
   Bakers, they should write to us. (c/o Hell Yeah Records, PO box 1975,
   Burbank CA 91507.)  The end.

Cosmik: Wow, that's an amazing story!  How do you follow that?  Whats the
   next cover going to be?

Dallas: We all ride motorcycles and theres a song from a band I was in long
   ago called "Vicious Cycle."  Were gonna do the tune and itll probably
   end up as the cover of our next album.  The photo will be us sitting on
   our bikes.

Cosmik: So tell us... who are some of the bands that had no influence on
   you whatsoever?  The ones you hated and rebelled against, the ones you
   just found laughable... because I think I hear no Cher influence...

Jo-Ann: Whitney Houston, The woman who did Hey Mickey in the 80's Toni Basil,
   William Shatner (Kirk sings!!), Boyz to Men (fellow Philadelphians), Bon
   Jovi and other of his kind, Silver Bush, Smashing Pilots...you know all the
   alternative good music out now.

Cosmik: Elliot, how about you?  The lack of Buck Dharma influence in your
   guitar playing is obvious, of course, but there's something else not
   there that I just can't seem to put my finger on...

Elliot: First of all, who the fuck is Buck Dharma?  Was he hanging out with
   Joey, Johnny,and Dee-Dee back in the day?  But seriously, Joe Satriani
   and Steve Vai I ain't, thank God! I wish I had some Angus Young though.
   Bangin' out the bar chords with a few cheap licks is my thing.

Cosmik: Who's out there playing these days that y'all actually listen to and
    like?

ROSS: There are some good local Philly bands that I go see.  Other than that,
   everyone wants to sound like Offspring.  That is why I am stuck in the
   70's.

Elliot: Ramones, Pegboy, Motorhead, Voluptuous Horror of Karen Black, Los
   Straightjackets, Fear, AntiSeen, Blanks 77...  Our Philly favorites are
   Dr. Bob's Nightmare, The Stuntmen, Limecell, and Flag of Democracy.

Cosmik: Where all did you go on the tour last month?

Jo-Ann: We went to Morgantown West Virginia, Rochester New York, Cincinnati,
   Detroit, Iowa City, Denver, Boulder, Salt Lake City, Reno, Chico,
   Berkeley, Oceanside, Los Angeles, Albuquerque, El Paso, San Antonio,
   Austin, New Orleans, Pensacola, Birmingham, Tallahassee, Tampa, Miami,
   Savanna, Knoxville, and Roanoke.  It was a great tour!

Cosmik: Any good war stories from this tour?

Ross: This tour we just returned from was kinda rough for me.  Four days
   before we were to leave, I crashed on my motorcycle and broke my shoulder
   blade.  The first two weeks were really rough.  I had the bass strapped
   up really high 'cause I couldn't lower my arm, I usually play with my
   bass around my ankles.  I just ate Percs every night and tried to stand
   as still as possible 'cause the slightest movement left or right was
   sheer agony.  By the time we got to LA, I had the bass down to my knees,
   and I almost had full movement of my arm.  Everybody was telling me all of
   these exercises to strengthen my shoulder, but I never had to do them.
   Playing bass every night was therapy enough. I recommend that if anyone
   breaks their shoulder, don't listen to the doctor. GO ON TOUR!

Cosmik: What I want to know is how the hell did you play Thorazine music
   on Percodan?  That shit zaps me out and makes me go slo-mo.

Ross: Throughout the day I would take aspirin cause I am not into that constant
   fog feeling.  When it came time to play I would use the live energy to
   get me through the show.  At the end of the set I'd be toast, that's when
   the Percs came in handy.

Cosmik: Were you able to get your usual sound and play like you usually play?
   Seems like playing with a busted wing would make it pretty hard to stick
   to your technique...

Ross: No.  I had to break everything down to the basic minimum, the root
   changes and maybe a fill if I was able.  I usually play with a hard
   machine gun attack close to the bridge.

Cosmik: Speaking of sound, what's your setup like?  It sounds like you're
   really pumping the wattage.

Ross: I use an Ampeg SVT pro III.  It has an all tube pre-amp and it kicks
   out 450 watts.  After checking out different cabinets I went with Mesa
   Boogie stacks.  It knocks down small buildings, so I'm happy.

Cosmik: Elliot, what kind of equipment combinations do you use to get your
   sound?  'Cuz it's a kick ass sound!

Elliot:	I use a Carvin Halfstack, which I bought from the band Shelter, it
   even has "SHRED ZINE" still painted on it!!! I use the clean channel.
   For distortion I use a Boss turbo Distortion, with a switch pedal to
   switch between regular distortion and turbo distortion for leads.  I
   also use a Cry baby wah-wah once in a blue moon.  I play a Gibson SG
   standard and a Ibenez 540 XT Custom.

Cosmik: Are you able to get your sound pretty consistent between live and
   the studio?

Elliot: My sound is always the same although I think I sound different
   live from the recording. I feel it is fatter and louder live.  It seems
   that recording analog does my sound justice. The LP, which was recorded
   and mastered analog, sounds closest to live.  When converted to digital
   CD, it loses a lot of beef and midrange.

Cosmik: That's interesting, because I thought you were playing a Fender
   guitar, and I only have the CD version of Uncle Paul.  It still sounds
   good, but maybe just a bit more brittle than I'd expect from an SG. Have
   you tried to counteract what digital takes away?

Elliot: I think that is something the engineer has to do.  If I was the
   engineer I would of kept more of the low and mid range.  The reason it
   sounds like a Fender is because you hear more of the high end.  There
   is nothing I can do to counteract the digital transition.  All I can do
   is make my amp sound as good as possible and hope for the best.

Cosmik: Do you all record as hot as you can without blowing up the sound
   board?

Dallas: You know it!!!

Cosmik: Dallas just looks like he doesn't even need to be miked to get a
   major sound.

Dallas: Actually, because I play with a traditional grip and don't stomp
   through pedals, I do need to be mic'ed.  Though apparently, I'm an easy
   set-up and soundmen love my minimalist approach.

Cosmik: Elliot?

Elliot: Again, that is something the engineer is in charge of.  If it were me
   recording us, yeah, I would make the recording as HOT as possible without
   distorting.

Cosmik: What is the typical Thorazine crowd like?  IS there a typical
   Thorazine crowd?

Jo-Ann: No, actually there is not.  It is funny.  We appeal to many people who
   typically don't come out to punk shows. We have people from the Society
   for Creative Acronisms, office workers, drunk punks, Dungeons and Dragons
   type gamers, and on and on.  We always seem to draw a very mixed crowd in
   Philly.

Cosmik: So many bands say there is no real punk scene anywhere anymore, but
   at the same time, there seem to be pockets here and there.  Is there a
   punk scene in Philly now?

Jo-Ann: Exactly like you said.  Pockets.  The scene here is very fragmented.
   If you play a bar, the all age kids hate you.  If you play an all age
   club, all the bar people hate you.  The drinking laws are very fucked up
   here.  You cannot step foot in a bar till you are 21.  We have a couple
   bands like Dr. Bobs Nightmare, the Stuntmen, Flag of Democracy, and
   Limecell that we always seem to play with here.

Ross: There is a scene in Philly, but it is made up of cliques. I despise
   the whole idea of scenesters and cliques, so I tend to stay in the
   background of the Philly scene avoiding the cliques as much as possible.

Cosmik: Do you get into it, as far as going out and seeing other bands at
   clubs and hanging out?

Ross: I like to go out and see a lot of different bands.  As soon as they are
   done playing I like to hang out at the danky old man's bar and play pool.

Jo-Ann: Well, Elliott and I work in bars and clubs, so we see so many bands
   every week that if we do get a day off we don't go out to see live music.
   Elliott sees 16 bands a week!

Dallas: I don't drink, so there is really no reason to be in a bar and the
   all age kids just piss me off.  Occasionally, if a band is recommended
   or they are friends, I go out.

Elliott:  I am a soundman at Upstairs at Nick's, a club here in Philly.
   I see more bands than Valentino had women.  We have a punk scene as well
   as other stuff, too.  We rarely just go out to see bands because I work
   at the club and I play myself. Everyone needs a day away from live music
   sometimes.

Jo-Ann: Ross is actually the biggest show goer of the group.  He usually
   shows up where Elliott and I are working.

Cosmik: What do y'all do for entertainment in Philly when you're not playing?

Elliott:  Computer games are cool. I have recently gotten into an old flight
   simulator called F-29 Retaliator.  I like to read sci fi novels and
   Stephen King. I love to ride my motorcycle.  Everyone in the band has
   one and we ride around town together quite often, when it's warm.

Cosmik: Ever go on any long road trips on the bikes or go to any rallies?

Dallas: I've found that the guys in this town aren't into long trips.
   They'd rather go from bar to bar picking up chicks and getting drunk.

Elliot: Jo-Ann and I often go on long trips... when it is warm of course.

Jo-Ann: We usually wind up riding in town together.  This past summer was
   Ross' first summer riding, so we didn't go too far all together. Out of
   all of us, Dal is the most active in the motorcycle world.  This summer
   we were supposed to be on tour but it got bumped to the fall, so Elliott
   and I did a lot of riding.  It was a BLAST!

Cosmik: How about you guys?  What else do you do for kicks?

Dallas: I am very active in the martial arts, war games and computers.

Jo-Ann: On my day off, the last place I want to be is a bar.  I am into my
   computer, reading... I also am the one in the band who does most of the
   organizing it takes to go on the road, which I use to help other band who
   want to tour.

Cosmik: Did you find anything resembling a "scene" while you were touring?

Jo-Ann: I am not sure.  We feel we are never anywhere for a long enough
   period of time to give a proper judgment.  While on the road, you come
   to town, play and leave.  The judgment would carry no weight.

Cosmik: You and Elliot live together and work together.  We know what that
   did to Stevie and Lindsay, right?  How hard is it to make a relationship
   like that work?  Ever want to kill each other?

Jo-Ann: Sure, I guess so, but we are very close friends as well as lovers.
   Even though Elliott is my lover, he wears many hats.  For example, I
   react differently to Elliott "Band Member" than I would Elliott "Lover"
   or Elliott "Co-worker."  If we are fighting in our personal life, we have
   to sometimes put that aside to rehearse or work, then later we can pick
   up where we left off.

Elliott: It's not easy sometimes, but we work things out.  We have been
   together and doing this for 3 1/2 years, and we are doing good.  We have
   our fights but we work them out fine.

Cosmik: Before we finish this, I want to ask about the new songs.  What are
   they like?  Would they fit on Uncle Paul, or is this going to be a big
   departure?

Dallas: NO!

Jo-Ann: I feel that some of the songs on Uncle Paul's were written when we
   first got together and we have grown some since then.  The feeling will
   probably be the same, but I will let you know, since all the songs are
   not written yet.

Elliot: It will still be Thorazine, hard, fast and loud.  I think I am too
   close to put my finger on the differences between the old and the new.

Cosmik: When you're writing new material, do you ever pull back a little
   and say "shit, this one's TOO mean!"  You know, songs about sharks and
   castration and that sort of thing?  Because I'd love to know what is too
   mean for Thorazine.

Jo-Ann: I think the only topic too mean are the ones that offend one of us
   personally... Other than that, all is fair game!

Dallas: We're not into the whole shock-value thingy, but nothing so far has
   too over the top.  I don't wanna rag on cripples or something though.  I
   personally don't do anti-God songs.

Ross: If I saw a news headline that read "DIVER DICKLESS FROM SHARK ATTACK,"
   I'd write a song about that.



---------------------------------------------------------------------------


TAPE HISS
By John Sekerka


[The following interviews are transcribed from John Sekerka's radio show,
Tape Hiss, which runs on CHUO FM in Ottawa, Canada.  Each month, Cosmik
Debris will present a pair of Tape Hiss interviews.  This month, we're
proud to present interviews with Kenneth Newby and Steve Roach.]



            *                  *                     *


                     K E N N E T H   N E W B Y


Teacher, musician, computer programmer and family man, Kenneth Newby
searches to marry acoustic and electroacoustic musics, bringing traditional
forms together with the latest technologies. His latest work is a
collaboration with Stephen Kent and Steve Roach on the superb Halcyon Days
project.



JOHN: Why is your record called Halcyon Days?

KENNETH: It came about in a backwards way. We were talking about when would
   be a good time to make this recording. It turned out the best time was
   right around the winter solstice: December 21st. It looked as if we'd be
   spending a couple of weeks in Steve Roach's studio in Tucson, Arizona. I
   made the connection to the Halcyon Days which are reputed to be the two
   weeks around the winter solstice, and I sent a fax saying that it was an
   auspicious time to do a creative project. We kind of left it at that
   until we had finished the music. We were sitting around, trying to
   decide what to call it, and Steve recalled my comment on the fax. We
   felt that it fit the spirit of the music.

JOHN: Did all of the recording take place in Steve Roach's studio?

KENNETH: Pretty much. We spent eleven intensive days recording and mixing
   there, though we brought a little of the material with us. I had written
   computer programs to generate some textures and rhythms.

JOHN: Were you at all affected by the atmosphere, working in the desert?

KENNETH: It's a really nice environment. The back of Steve's house opens out
   on to the desert. I was quite struck by it, never having experienced the
   American desert before. We took advantage of plugging into the environment
   and I'm sure it came through in the music to a degree.

JOHN: Who played what?

KENNETH: Stephen Kent played didgeridoo, Steve Roach and myself pretty well
   split the engineering and electroacoustic sound generation duties. Steve
   also played didgeridoo on two of the pieces.

JOHN: You mentioned computer programs. How much of the record is electronically
   generated and how much involves live playing?

KENNETH: All of the wind instruments - there are a couple of Indonesian
   flutes that I play throughout. Those parts were played live. It's actually
   a nice balance of the acoustic and electroacoustic sounds. Even the
   electronic sounds are largely rendered from recordings of acoustic sounds,
   so even the electronic textures have a richness about them that comes
   from starting with an acoustic source.

JOHN: Doesn't it seem strange to have a state of the art electronic studio
   with an ancient didgeridoo?

KENNETH: That's what I'm used to doing. The last twelve years I've spent
   studying traditional Gamalean music, so I like the balance of plugging in
   to some kind of traditional music or instrument technique when you're
   working with computers and digital editing systems, and all of that very
   abstract form of music making.

JOHN: Do you write software for your music?

KENNETH: Yeah I do. Most recently I've been working with Macintosh computers
   and a music programming language called Max, which allows you to write
   logorithmic structures which generate music. A lot of people use sequencers
   with computers which I tend to find less satisfying because you end up
   with a fixed kind of music. Whereas Max allows you to build in a certain
   amount of variation and it keeps it feeling alive during the developmental
   process of the composition, so it can surprise you a little bit. Within
   certain constraints it's allowed to make decisions and variations. It's
   a relationship with the technology that I like to maintain. I don't have
   to live within its restrictions too much.

JOHN: How do you avoid programming total chaos?

KENNETH: That's where the challenge comes in: conceptualizing ways of
   controlling the output. You have to filter out absolute randomness to
   give it some guidance. There are different strategies for constraint so
   that it's not just pure entropy.

JOHN: Your students must love you. Where is it that you teach?

KENNETH: I occasionally teach at Simon Fraser University (British Columbia).
   These days I'm teaching a Gamalean music course.

JOHN: How did you come to study in places like Java and Bali?

KENNETH: In 1984 I went to Paris to read a paper on computer music work I'd
   been developing. The plan was to visit Italy, but this was October and it
   was quite chilly. We'd been thinking of perhaps visiting India and by
   chance  we walked by a travel agent and there was an incredibly cheap
   ticket to Singapore available. From Singapore we ventured on to Indonesia
   whose culture I've had an interest in. We discovered that it was quite
   easy to find a god music teacher, and high quality musicians were willing
   to spend time with novices like ourselves. So we took a few lessons, got
   inspired and decided to return. We went back in about nine month s and
   spent about half a year living in Bali. Just digging in, studying music
   and dance. That started an on-going relationship.

JOHN: Do you find it hard to adapt to such a different culture? It's almost
   like time travel.

KENNETH: You know, the problem is really in coming back to Canada. I think
   culture shock only occurs if you spend a short time. If you spend long
   enough, you start to learn the language, your body language changes,
   there's parts of yourself that come through differently than they would
   in English. The real problem occurs on coming home and realizing how
   different things are here. I think it's a wonderful thing to engage in a
   culture other than your own. You can grow a lot.

JOHN: What is your connection with Steve Roach and the San Francisco scene?

KENNETH: My connection with Steve grew out of a phone relationship where he
   called me up out of the blue about a project I did called 'Ecology of Souls'.
   I had been listening to his music for a while, so we formed this
   long-distance relationship. One thing led to another which resulted in
   Halcyon Days, which was facilitated by the fact that Fathom Records, one
   of the companies we both work with, is based in San Francisco. There's
   also the City of Tribes label which handles the Trance Mission ensemble
   releases. There seems to be a nexus for this kind of music.

JOHN: When you introduce yourself, are you a teacher, a musician, a producer
   or a programmer?

KENNETH: A jack of all trades I guess. I find myself in the unenviable
   position of trying to live by my wits as a musician, and that means a
   certain amount of teaching, a certain amount of working with technology,
   playing in a Gamalean orchestra, writing music for a CD Rom project.
   There's a long list.

JOHN: I found a 1984 Mondo 2000 article attributed  to Kenneth Newby. Is
   that you?

KENNETH: That's me. I was an assistant editor for a couple of years.

JOHN: How did that come about?

KENNETH: Through a collaborator friend who was working for Mondo when I first
   moved down to San Francisco. We were really hard up for cash and it was
   an opportunity to get a visa while we were doing our music projects. At
   first I was transcribing interviews and that led to other things. I stuck
   it out for a couple of years. There were internal problems and it
   bottomed out, though I'm pleased to see they're back on track now.

JOHN: Mondo 2000 has always been a pretty cutting edge, subversive publication.
   How does that fit in with your ideals?

KENNETH: I'm a pretty non-conformist person at heart. I've always appreciated
   that Mondo 2000 were happy to challenge the status quo. They had a certain
   technocratic point of view which, ultimately, I didn't agree with. They
   have an editorial viewpoint that somehow we'll leave our bodies through
   some type of technology. I have questions about that.

JOHN: Back to your music, is there a goal you have in mind?

KENNETH: A number of things. One of them is this marriage of the acoustic
   and electroacoustic. I'm trying to integrate a number of my interests,
   like traditional music, and using technological tools available now in
   the late 20th century, to be able to work some of that out, and create
   alternative forms of music. I would like people to inhabit the music and
   have a deep relationship with it. It's called 'deep listening'; something
   that'll invite you to a new level.

JOHN: How do you answer critics who dismiss your music as ambient, without
   substance, fluff?

KENNETH: If that's how they feel, they're welcome to their response. I have
   no issue with that. If they're using a category like ambient and attaching
   some pejorative value, then I would have to question that. These are
   issues of music that have been unfolding in the 20th century for quite
   some time, and there's quite a venerable lineage of people who have been
   dealing with these issues. I think that is indicative of a closed mind.

...tape hiss




            *                  *                     *



				       S T E V E   R O A C H



Tracked down in his new digs in Tucson Arizona, ambient studio whiz,
continuing in the long line of electronic pioneers like Klaus Schultze,
reclusive sound scaper Steve Roach talks of seclusion, magnificent voids and
the artistic quest.


JOHN: Are you near a desert?

STEVE: I'm in the desert. That's why I moved here. It was my dream to have a
   studio in this environment where you can see for many miles in many
   directions, and the source of feelings that come about from being in this
   place. That's where a lot of my music comes from.

JOHN: Are you on the edge of town?

STEVE: Tucson is about half a million, but I'm outside on the city limits
   where everything starts to turn into pure desert. Unfortunately
   civilization is coming in on me, so I'm already looking at the next place,
   which is about an hour and a half out of town, and at this point, gives me
   enough of a safety buffer for the next fifty years or so. I really crave
   this solitary feeling. I can hole up here with my wife for a couple of
   weeks, and work without distraction. It's absolutely vital for the music
   that I'm creating.

JOHN: What exactly is it about the desert that draws you?

STEVE: The place is so quiet that all you can hear is your heart beating, the
   functions of your body and your thoughts racing around like a little
   hamster in a cage. Over time you get more and more comfortable with that
   deep silence. Creatively, the place that I arrive to in my consciousness
   when I'm in this kind of physical environment. I can create that kind of
   silence and solitude in a sound proof studio, but it has no comparison to
   when you're sitting on a mesa and can see for seventy miles. Yet there's
   an inverted sense of quiet that is powerful and profound. Hopefully the
   music that I create portrays the places I go. Beyond that it becomes kind
   of a moot point of trying to describe it in words. That's why I chose
   music as a medium, as opposed to being a writer or a visual artist.

JOHN: I recall a review in which the writer said she put your tape on while
   driving in the desert, and only then did it make perfect sense. Is that
   the ideal listening experience: to match the environment?

STEVE: It's one of the high points to experience the music at. From the
   feedback I get, people feel it in their own environment in different ways.
   Hopefully the creative act continues as people find new ways of having
   sound in their lives. It's not necessarily about having music; it's more
   about creating an hour of sound sanctuary or sculpture. The work is
   becoming more dimensional, textural and more related to a sense of
   location--not specific. Music without vocals offers an open end for the
   creative imagination to work with. I do have a lot of artists that use my
   music to create a kind of opening.

JOHN: Do you dabble in other art forms?

STEVE: I paint a bit. I learned a style while in central Australia. An
   aboriginal dot painting style. The Dream Circle has my painting on the
   cover.

JOHN: Are you a hermit, or do you have contact with the outer world?

STEVE: Good question. It may sound like it. For stretches of time, that's
   certainly the case because of my work. The longer time without distraction,
   the purer the piece becomes. It's an interesting juxtaposition these days
   to try and keep that sense of boundary around you. I have all the modern
   conveniences for communication--fax, phone, email--I'm certainly no
   stranger to travel. I love meeting other people, cultures, countries, and
   all of that has fed my music. But typically when I'm home, I'm pretty
   solitary. Though I am touring this summer.

JOHN: What kind of a process is it to recreate live, what you've accomplished
   in the studio?

STEVE: What I aim to present live is an extension of the recorded music, that
   is an unfolding, unconscious to conscious emerging of sounds that you're
   looking for some kind of identification with. Ultimately I try to present
   a thoroughly focused hour and a half; almost like getting in a vehicle and
   going from one place to another. It's a pretty vast amount of terrain that
   I cover musically. I do that with heavy pre-produced sections of rhythmic
   ideas that have appeared on the recordings, and there's a fairly complex
   level of live performance and playback samples, rhythm loops and creating
   real time layers. It's a very interesting process to witness if everything's
   working in the right groove. It's like witnessing a collective dream
   because the music flows continuously.

JOHN: Do you improvise live?

STEVE: Definitely. There are recognizable elements from the recordings which
   are sonically gene spliced in concert. I can make spontaneous decisions
   about these combinations, and on top of that I can jump in with a
   didgeridoo or different types of percussion. It's a combination of being
   on the edge with the improvising spirit and having a fairly structured
   road map.

JOHN: Is your music for background listening, or do you require full
   attention from the listener?

STEVE: Like all music, low volume has a different effect. A lot of people
   underestimate the power, especially with non-rhythmic music, not playing
   it at fuller volume and engaging with it. Especially folks who are new to
   it, for whatever reason, are timid about turning up the volume.

JOHN: I've been playing The Magnificent Void around the house. People don't
   realize it's on. It sneaks up on them until it reaches a sonic boiling
   point, often driving them crazy. Is it a compliment that you can elicit
   such a strong reaction?

STEVE: Well it tells me something about the person. You hear that with any
   kind of music from opera to country to punk. You're going to find music
   that people won't jive with. People either love or hate my music.

JOHN: I think your music can really get to a person emotionally. Even if it
   is a negative reaction, at least it's a reaction.

STEVE: I absolutely agree. I've witnessed that experience. I'll put it on and
   see what happens. The Void is fairly dark and shadowed harmonically in
   passages. And the fact that there's no melody or rhythm, already
   disqualifies quite a few people from entering into it. I'm not doing this
   for acceptance. It's an inner need, a hunger. It needs to be expressed.
   Some people play The Void all day and night. They get it. A lot of people
   don't, and that's fine too.

JOHN: Are you recording constantly?

STEVE: It's pretty much my life: this addiction to sound. It's when the
   spirit moves me, and that is quite often. I might take a week off to let
   my ears re-align.

JOHN: With technology a big part of your music, do you think you would have
   been a musician if you were born a couple of hundred years ago?

STEVE: I'm sure I would have been a heretic of some sort--persecuted for
   doing something over the top.


...tape hiss



---------------------------------------------------------------------------

THE UNIFIED WAVE THEORY: Evolution and the Evolution of Surf Music
By Ferenc Dobronyi

A baby cries. The mother cradles the child and whispers "Ssshhh" into its
ear. A  most basic and loving act, calming the child. The baby hears the
"Ssshhh" sound and is reminded of the pulsing flow of the amniotic fluid it
was surrounded in while still safe in the uterus. It is a call to the code
written deep in all human DNA, to the tiny little reptilian portion of the
brain that still remembers the primordial ocean that we all emerged from
billions of years ago. Amniotic fluid has the same chemical saline solution
as that of ocean water. In essence we all emerge from the water, in a genetic
evolutionary sense as well as the immediate human birthing reality.

The "Ssshhh" sound is white noise. The same sound as the crashing of waves on
the beach, and the same sound used in noise generators to relax people to
sleep. It is also the sound of information, the pure digital transmission of
a modem line transferring data in its most fundamental form. White noise is
the sound of every possible audible frequency being played at once. The full
frequency sound can engulf your reality and mask out all of the other sounds
around you.  White noise, not coincidentally, is the sound produced by a
reverberation unit to give a false feeling of space.

In 1961 at small clubs in Southern California, bands like The Belaires,
and Dick Dale, were developing a new form of pop music. It was indebted to
many other instrumental styles that came before, and through that synergy a
new sound was made.

The heart of this sound was a driving beat and guitars drenched in reverb.
Leo Fender had just come out with his first outboard reverb tanks for guitar,
and the bands were really testing the units to the limit. The surfers who
attended the shows said that the reverb sounded like waves, and people began
to call this new sound "Surf Music." The sound now had a name, and the local
L.A. musicians and teenage fans jumped on the surf music bandwagon.

But what about the surfers? What had they heard as they stood in front of the
stage listening to the Belaires and Dale? A surfer sits alone in the water
waiting for a wave. A swell comes, he paddles, racing to keep in front of the
wave, as it sucks him up the face. He stands as the wave now crests over him
and he is in the "Green Room." Total visual focus and concentration on the
hole at the end of the tube. The only sound heard: the beating heart inside
his body and the wash circulating around him, and that rhythm and sound
together is the essence of surf music.

Surf music rode its own wave of popularity, producing a few national and
dozens of regional L.A. hits, and influencing the American teen agenda to
some degree. Record companies were quick to jump on the latest trend and do
the big media push that only they can do. Surf bands sprang up coast to coast
in the U.S. and internationally. One of the most popular surf bands were The
Astronauts from Denver, Colorado, proving that you don't need water to make
surf. (Conversely, it could be said that we carry the surf around inside of
us all the time.)

The surf sound was easy to achieve because you could buy Fender equipment at
any music store. You didn't need a lead singer and the music was easy to
play.

Compositionally, surf music set itself apart from rock in many ways. From its
earliest appearance, a precedence was set that the songs did not have to
follow the standard rock'n'roll/blues/boogie woogie I/IV/V chord progression
(Dick Dale's Misirlou being based on a Greek scale while The Belaires' Mr.
Moto is modal). The arrangements tend more toward the drama of Broadway songs
and the aural augmentation of film scores. Being instrumental, the songs lend
themselves to sound bites, studio effects and experimentation. And, having no
vocal, the great focus was on melody and the emotive ability of the guitar.
As the guitar became the featured instrument, technique and improvisation
surely came to be an important part of the musician's vocabulary and would
lead to the guitar's revolution as the instrument of choice.

Dick Dale will tell you that he taught Jimi Hendrix all that he knew about
playing the guitar. While this is improbable, surf music's emphasis on the
electric guitar had a definite influence on the rise in popularity of that
instrument.

It is generally agreed that surf music was a peculiar phenomenon whose
popularity ended with the arrival of The Beatles and The Vietnam War. Some
bandmembers were called to serve in Vietnam, breaking up the bands altogether.
The Beatles, of course, changed everything stylistically and musically. The
girls didn't want to listen to guitar instrumentals, they wanted cute singers
and love songs, so most surf bands adapted and evolved in that direction. As
they progressed musically, they would go on to be some of the key players in
folk-rock, psychedelia and the many other sub-genres of rock'n'roll. By 1965,
just four years after its invention, surf music had disappeared from the
musical map, but not our consciousness.

During the summer of 1962, my DNA was being written, influenced and encoded
by a variety of factors including genetics, my mother's diet, and the zietgiest
that was the era's then current reality construct. As an adult, I have
my father's hairline, crave ice cream and have an inexplicable taste for
sea-foam green and Ford Fairlanes.

In 1971, I was eight years old and lying on a box-spring mattress, my
ear pressed to the fabric. My foot was at the other end of the mattress
kicking it. The sound traveled the length of the bed, but to my great
amusement, continued long after the impact of my foot. I turned my mouth
toward the mattress and shouted, then quickly listened as my voice
reverberated through the springs. I spent hours listening to the far away
echoes, imagining I was in some great cave.

In 1978, I was in High School and listening only to punk rock. Johnny
Thunder's album "So Alone" had a cover of some old instrumental song called
Pipeline. I was just learning how to play guitar, so (like half the kids in
America) this was one of the first songs I learned to play. Then I heard the
original version of Pipeline in the movie "The Warriors," and that reverb
sound really knocked me out. I couldn't find the original version of Pipeline
at the record store, so I went to the public library and found one of those
cheesy compilation records that had a surfer's lingo dictionary and a dozen
surf classics. My musical horizons were now expanding, and surf music had
become an important part of my life.

1996 now. Classic surf music as a sound may seem dated, but I believe that it
was a first attempt at using technology to create the very modern concept of
virtual reality. The main element of the surf sound is reverb. Dense reverb
that surrounds the listener. A Reverb unit is a fake space generator; a small
box filled with springs that can imitate a room or hall, small or large. When
you listen to someone singing on an album, chances are that they were
recorded in a small studio, in a padded, acoustically designed room. But if
the recording engineer adds reverb, you will hear them singing in the
Metropolitan Opera House, the Grand Canyon or maybe in the shower stall of a
tiled bathroom. Your mind associates the audio input with a mental visual
picture of a space where you have perhaps actually experienced that ambience
for yourself. This effect is especially obvious when you listen through
headphones and with your eyes closed.

When I first heard surf music, I was teleported into a mysterious grey area
that exists somewhere in this reverb. The drums appear to carry the natural
ambience of the room that they were recorded in, perhaps a small studio
setting. But the guitars are other worldly. The guitar might tap a muted note
and the reverb will carry it into never-never land. When the vibrato bar is
used to bend notes, the reverb will add all the possible in between notes
together to produce a disorienting blur. Reverb can meld two separate
instruments into a new sound. All of a sudden you can hear string sections
and horn charts, sirens singing and howling wolves. Where does that new sound
come from? Reverb can be like that primordial ocean for the creation of new
sounds.

With a modern digital reverb, it is possible to set up an endless reverb,
without decay. Feed a note in it and that sound will be regenerated forever.
In a virtual reality, that space might be akin to listening to the sound of a
distant star, or more exactly like time travel. Long after a musician has
played that note, had a cheeseburger, got married and died, his note will
still be playing for anybody who cares to listen.

Back to 1965. Surf music was dead in the water and a major social bifurcation
was upon us. Some endlessly argue cause and effect. Was music and the media
the cause of social upheaval or merely some of the symptoms? It doesn't
matter. A new way of thinking was entering the into the mass consciousness,
whether by experience or osmosis. It has been called a "New Age," but this
always conjures up thoughts of bland music and varietal spirituality. While
these were part of the new consciousness, they are certainly not all of it.

If you think of all time and all actions as objects floating on the ocean
surface, the early sixties were like the eerie calm before the tidal wave.
The crest of the wave was the late sixties. There occurred way too much
political weirdness and spontaneous creativity to say that all the events
were not somehow interconnected. Those who would deny this great change were
left on the beach, to be crushed as the tsunami hit the shore.

1994. Surf music again came back into vogue. Revival bands got a more
serious listen. Many other bands claimed surf music as their roots and
developed a more modern version of the classic sound. Film blockbuster
Pulp Fiction's extremely popular soundtrack was filled with oldie surf music.

In 1990 in San Francisco, a band called The Mermen were playing the clubs. I
saw them at the Paradise Lounge on a double bill with The Phantom Surfers,
probably the last time that ever happened. Since then, The Phantom Surfers
have had several vinyl l.p. and single releases, recorded as if it were still
1961. The songs are short with familiar arrangements and to a future
musicologist, they might be indistinguishable from surf music of the early
sixties.

On another tack, The Mermen's first album was filled with tight, well written
and well recorded songs that can be described as surf music in a traditional
sense. A second release came out, a mix of the traditional style songs and
longer, jam oriented numbers. The effects on the guitar tone went far
beyond reverb into the land of distortion, multiple digital delays and other
sounds. The rhythm section stretched out a bit, exploring beats far outside
the traditional driving surf rhythm. And yet, the sound was still rooted in
surf music.

The Mermen's third CD came out and featured music pieces over nine minutes
in length. The sound was extremely emotional; darkness and light clashing.
It's not surf music, but it's not not surf music either. Something much
larger. The name "Ocean Music" is suggested.

Imagine surf music as the little critter that first wagged its fins and tail
to push it up on dry land. Ocean music is the fish that came to shore, had a
look around and then swam farther back out into the sea.

Conversely, The Phantom Surfers have a strict set of rules about how surf
music should be played and sound. The band must have a two guitar, bass and
drum line-up. Songs must not be over four minutes, preferably two and a half.
The equipment must be vintage Fender guitars and amps.

The Mermen and other progressive surf bands acquire the wrath of the hardcore
traditional surf music crowd. They are decried as being hippies and sullying
the innocence of surf music. But in comparison to The Mermen, these
traditionalist now seem more like nostalgia acts. They have never grown
musically and would seem to put stylistic trappings before their own
development as musicians.

I should be fair and say that there are a great number of current surf bands
who lean more toward the traditional than the progressive, but are infusing
the sound with a modern sensibility, adding new vitality to the vintage
sound.

1996. The state of the Surf? Record companies know that instrumental music is
too esoteric to sell in quantity. It seems that you have to tell the average
listener that "This is a love song" before they get the point, and they
couldn't possibly be imaginative enough to find their own meaning in wordless
music. Remember that the entire music industry is focused on selling
"product" to Jr. High and High school kids, who are the largest music buying
audience by default, only because they aren't yet old enough to buy alcohol
and cars. Musicians play surf or instrumental because there are no words to
express what they are feeling, not because they think that they will sell a
lot of records.

It is a real leap of faith for non-musician music fans to watch all
instrumental music. Having a lead singer gives a typical rock band a focus
for most of the audience. Sure, a lead guitarist will take a solo for one
verse, but then all attention turns back to the singer, and the words that he
sings carry a direct meaning, whereas in all instrumental bands, the music is
the focus. And pure music exists on a non-verbal, emotional plane where it
will have a different meaning for everyone who hears it.

It is not as if surf music will ever again top the music charts, and there
isn't another Beatles on the horizon to kill its current popularity. But surf
music is evolving again, just as it did in 1964. Modern surf musicians can't
deny the influences of the past 30 years, and can't help but to incorporate
those influences into the music they now make. Ocean music is the fulfillment
of all that surf music only hinted at. It brings our own deep connections to
the rhythms and drama of the ocean to the fore.

The surf music phenomenon of the early '60's should not be dismissed as just
another teen fad. It was clearly one of the first signs of the great populist
movement to come. A resurgence in its popularity matches the shift in the
social and environmental consciousness of our times. Surf, and now Ocean
music, carry the primordial sonic envelope of human evolution, written into
our genetic code. The sound is a feedback loop from our deep sub-conscious to
the prevailing zietgiest of this new age.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ferenc Dobronyi (fd@cybersun.com) is a freelance graphic designer and a
guitarist with avante-surf band Pollo Del Mar (http://www.pollodelmar.com)
in San Francisco.

Copyright 1996 Ferenc Dobronyi

============================================================================

    [[[[[[[[    [[[[[[  [[   [[  [[[[[   [[[[[[  [[       [[    [[[[[[
    [[     [[   [       [[   [[    [     [       [[   [   [[   [[
    [[[[[[[[    [[[[[[   [[ [[     [     [[[[[[   [[  [  [[     [[[[[
    [[   [[     [         [[[      [     [         [[[ [[[          [[
    [[    [[    [[[[[[     [     [[[[[   [[[[[[     [[ [[       [[[[[[

============================================================================



BALFA TOUJOURS: Deux Voyages (Rounder)
Reviewed by Shaun Dale

The Balfa Brothers were a benchmark act in Cajun music and Dewey Balfa's
daughter, Christine, carries the torch high in Balfa Toujours (Balfa
Forever).  "Deux Voyages" has fine examples of the uptempo dance music,
traditional waltzes and melancholy ballads that typify the genre.

The band is a quartet featuring Balfa on guitar, vocals and triangle,
Dirk Powell on accordion, bass, fiddle and vocals, Kevin Wimmer on lead
fiddle and vocals and drummer/vocalist Mike "Chop" Chopman.  With all
members credited as vocalists, it's apparent that many of the cuts
feature the harmonies you expect in Cajun music, but it's Balfour's
voice that is principally featured, and she's a remarkably expressive
singer.  The notes include translations of the Acadian French lyrics,
but the mood of each piece is made clear through the tone and timbre of
the vocals.

Uncle Burke Balfa joins the band on ten of the sixteen tracks to add his
masterful touch on the triangle - traditionally the principle percussion
instrument in a Cajun band.  The amount of music he draws from a piece
of bent steel is a marvel.

Peter Schwarz contributes a second fiddle on some tracks and Tim O'Brien
makes a couple appearances on mandolin, but most of the guest
appearances are by other members of the Balfa clan, including Tony Balfa
on bass and Nelda Balfa on triangle.  Listening to them together makes
me long to have spent some time on the back porches of the Balfa
hometown of Tepatate, Louisiana.  When a family can produce the songs
and performances that have now come through generations of Balfas, I
truly hope that there will be "Balfa toujours."

Track List:

Allons A Tepatate * Deux Voyages * J'ai Vu Le Loup, Le Renard Et La
Belette * Chicot Two-Step * La Valse A Canray * Bee De La Manche *
73 Special * Le Canard A Bois Sec * Le Falcon Gris (The Grey Hawk *
La Valse A Grandpere * Jeunes Filles De La Campagne * Galop A Wade Fruge
* Chere Petit Monde * Octa's Two Step * La Musique De Ma Jeunesse * Le
Reel De Nonc Will (Uncle Will's Reel)



BEETHOVEN: Symphony No. 9 in D Minor, Op. 125. Jane Eaglen,
Soprano; Waltraud Meier, Mezzo-Soprano; Ben Heppner, Tenor;
Bryn Terfel, Bass-Baritone; Swedish Radio Choir & Eric Ericson
Chamber Choir; Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by
Claudio Abbado. SONY SK62634 [DDD] 66:00
Reviewed by Robert Cummings

You've probably heard the story. Well, maybe a few of you still haven't, so
I'll tell it again. Do you know how they decided how much music a compact
disc should hold? You don't know? Take a look at the headnote-there's your
answer. That's right, Beethoven's Ninth Symphony was the determining factor.
This work is extremely popular in Japan. When compact disc technology was
being developed there, a Sony executive insisted a single disc should be
able to accommodate the glorious Beethoven Ninth. That meant, depending on
the performance, it would have to hold around seventy minutes of music. Of
course, that limit has now been increased to eighty minutes-plus. I'm damned
glad Beethoven's Ninth wasn't a mere thirty or forty minutes in length.
Aren't you?

I'm also glad to have this recording, for I love this work, love it in such a
fine performance as this. That said, I'm a bit disappointed, too. Oh, the
Berlin Philharmonic under the insightful Abbado plays superbly. And the
superstar quartet of singers perform admirably. It's just that any new
recording of the Beethoven Ninth must go up against the imposing likes of
Harnoncourt/Teldec, Bernstein/DG, Jochum/EMI, and Toscanini (in any number
of releases). And this recording, while compelling enough, isn't quite up to
that supremely inspired level. Don't take that to mean this isn't a splendid
effort on the part of all concerned here; this is a superior performance,
worlds ahead of that growing heap of Ninths in the catalogs.

The first movement has a majestic sweep, an irresistible muscularity that
captures that Beethovenian heroism so essential in an effective performance.
Abbado's reading here exudes wisdom in his adroit phrasing-phrasing where
nothing is overdone and everything sounds in perfect proportion. The Scherzo
is rendered with drive and finesse, the Adagio with passion and tenderness.
And the finale, especially the latter half, is full of glory and passion,
commitment and exuberance. In fact, in this movement this performance matches
any other I've heard when it comes to capturing that elusive ecstasy, that
feeling the composer is transporting you to a new dimension of musical
expression. This is a recording any purchaser can certainly be fully satisfied
with. Abbado and BPO fans will surely not be let down by it, nor will those
of the individual members of the highly touted quartet of singers here.

Abbado himself wrote the accompanying notes. In them he discusses the Jonathan
del Mar edition, used in this recording for the first time in conjunction
with the original handwritten score and other unspecified "musicological
sources." This performing edition uncovers nothing of earth-shaking
importance: it's essentially the Beethoven Ninth you know. The sound is good.
Recommended, despite my reservations.



ERIC BENET: True To Myself (Warner Brothers)
Reviewed by Shaun Dale

Eric Benet may be true to himself, but his music pays tribute to the
sounds of some of the masters of soul.  There are echoes here of Stevie
Wonder, Al Green and others, but they are only echoes.  Benet has an
original and contemporary voice, though his sound is grounded in the R&B
of the sixties and seventies.

Benet has a deft touch in the studio as well.  Sharing production (and
writing) credits on every track here, he has a hand in every aspect of
the disc, which was created at a variety of studios including some
locales (Milwaukee!) not typically thought of as centers of the R&B
world.

George Nash, Jr. is the other name that pops up everywhere here - as a
producer, songwriter and guitarist, along with producer/keyboardist
Demonte.  The tightness of the production and the single-pointed musical
vision make me suspect that these three have paid some considerable club
dues together before hitting the studios.

The emphasis here is on mid-tempo ballads about the joys and travails of
love.  I particularly like the title track and the soft funk of
"Spiritual Thang."  "Chains" is a look at the downside of urban life in
the '90's, reminiscent of the socially conscious music of Stevie Wonder
or Marvin Gaye, and performed well enough by a man talented enough to
deserve the reference.

As hip hop continues to dominate the R&B world, I'm always looking out
for new artists intent on keeping the soul in soul music.  Eric Benet is
all that.


Track List:

True To Myself * I'll Be There * If You Want Me To Stay * Let's Stay
Together (Midnight Mix) * Just Friends * Femininity * While You Were
Here * Spiritual Thang * Chains * All In The Game * More Than Just A
Girlfriend * What If We Was Cool * Let's Stay Together



EVERTON BLENDER: A Piece Of The Blender (Heartbeat)
Reviewed by DJ Johnson

Everton Blender is one of the young guns of resistance against Babylon.
It's still very early in his career, but barring serious unforeseen
circumstances, he should become one of the more important voices of
the struggle.  He's already one of the most accessible, sporting an
outstanding voice and exquisite taste in sidemen.  Among the stars on
this honor roll are the ultimate drum and bass core, Sly and Robbie,
and saxman extraordinare Dean Fraser.  With talent like that backing
you up, you've got it made.  Everton isn't in over his head, however.
The material on A Piece Of The Blender is wonderful.  "Material Girl"
and "Coming Harder" are powerful in both melody and lyrical content.
"Blow Your Nose" is cool enough  the first time it appears on the CD,
but the second version features another of reggae's young guns: The
Prez!  Prezident Brown's grit is the perfect balance to Everton's smooth
delivery.  He also appears on the final track, "If You Want To Dance,"
a song penned by Bob Marley.  Keep an eye on this guy.  In an era that
has seen an awful lot of unfocused reggae, there are still a few
conscious voices spreading the word.  Everton Blender is one of the
best.



BOSS 302: Rock Songs (360 Twist)
Reviewed by Shaun Dale

Once upon a time in America cars were big, fast, loud extensions of the
testosterone driven fantasies of the All-American male.  The Ford Motor
Company contributed the Boss 302 to the mix, and the band of the same
name pays full throttle tribute on this disc.

We've got it all here, folks - feedback, power chords, and breakneck
speed right where it counts.  This is the kind of garage punk you'd
expect from a band named for a muscle car, and it's a hell of a lot of
fun.  The band's self designated muse is beer and their stage shows
feature Townshend windmills, rock jumps and high energy original music.

Fun, though, seems to be the essential ingredient.  Guitarist Garrett
302 says they take this stuff "serious enough to practice and to show up
to practice" but if those practice sessions are as much fun as this disc
sounds, well, it might be serious but it's nothing like work.

Put it on, crank it up, and open a beer.  A quick windmill or two on
your favorite air guitar won't hurt, either.  They'll provide plenty of
opportunity here.  (360 Twist Records: PO Box 9367, Denver CO 80209)


Track List:

Crowd Screamin' * Poo! * Lop De Dop De * Late For Work * Funny Funny *
Give It In To Me * We Like To Watch * Rock Song * Girl Land * It's Gonna
Be Alright * Mind On A Tart * Rubberside Down * Fake * Hummin' A Song *
Won't Never Endeavor * Change



GEORGE CLINTON: Greatest Funkin' Hits (Capitol)
Reviewed by DJ Johnson

The Funkmeister is alive and kickin'.  In keeping with his long standing
refusal to do anything that could be construed as "typical," Greatest
Funkin' Hits isn't a compilation of the tracks you grew up with.  The
songs are familiar, but not these versions.  It all begins with "Atomic
Dog," a 1982 hit that has been remixed with a new vocal track provided
by Coolio.  Relax.  It didn't lose any grit in the remix.  1978's
'Flashlight" has been re-recorded from the ground up with the original
members of P-Funk, joined by vocalists Busta Rhymes, Q-Tip, and Ol' Dirty
Bastard.  Ol' Dirty is the guy who did the rap on Mariah Carey's "Fantasy,"
but I forgive him.

As cool as those tracks are, the real funkification begins with track 3:
"Booty Body Ready For The Plush Funk."  Never released in the United States,
this stands among Clinton's greatest grooves.  The funk continues with "Bop
Gun (One Nation)," featuring Ice Cube.  This version was mixed for radio
and never released to the public.  Hip-hoppin' along, we come to "Break
My Heart," which benefits from a few added sections.  "Mothership
Connection," a song that has been sampled to death in recent years, gets
a new coat of vocal paint from P-Funk.  There is a second mix of this
tune that closes the CD.  Supposedly recorded "live in the studio,"--which
means they just fired up and played with no overdubs or tricks--it lacks
the punch of the first version.  Still, nice to have options, huh?

"Knee Deep" comes out on top of the remix heap, with brand new vocals by
Clinton and Digital Underground that bring the 1979 hit right up to date.
There is a second mix of the song (track 11) that sounds like it was mixed
for adult contemporary radio.  It's not horrible, but it's not funky.  I
didn't have a copy of the original handy, so I can't be sure... but I THINK
there are some new and tasty guitar chops in there as well.  Vanessa
Williams and Shistee appear on a pair of remixes: "Hey Good Lookin'" and
the sexist pig anthem "Do Fries Go With That Shake?"

The highlight of this collection may be the 2nd version of "Atomic Dog"
(track 10).  It's the original extended version.  While it may not be
grittier than the remix, it's most certainly saltier.  At 10 minutes in
length, it may wear out its welcome with some listeners (read: pussies!),
but hey...this is the real McCoy.  An apt description of Mr. Clinton
himself: the true Funky King.



JOHN COLTRANE AND PAUL QUINICHETTE:
Cattin' With Coltrane & Quinichette (DCC Compact Classics)
Reviewed by Lance Kaufman

Though not nearly as memorable a recording as Bill Evans' Portrait In
Jazz, DCC has chosen a fairly interesting album, if only to give some
good examples of John Coltrane in evolution.  The concept of "tenor battles"
probably goes back to the Swing Era and certainly began to thrive in the
40's, culminating still later in the recording of several memorable tenor
combinations: notably Johnny Griffin/Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis and Gene
Ammons/Sonny Stitt.  This Prestige entry into the "tenor sweepstakes" pitted
John Coltrane against Basie alumni Paul Quinichette in a very loose session,
probably done with a minimum of preparation.  The tunes themselves are fairly
uninteresting: a medium tempo blues, three standards and two not very
memorable contributions by Mal Waldron based on chord changes to other
standards ("Anatomy" is based on the chord changes to "All the Things You
Are" and "Vodka" is based on "Yesterdays," both the original standards much
more interesting melodically than Waldron's contributions.)  Tune endings
are typical, less than smooth, jam session-type endings.  So, for this
session, the "blowing" accounts for virtually all the interest and to this
end, both Coltrane and Quinicette acquit themselves nicely.

In a way, the pairing of these two players is unfair to Quinichette.  A
fairly relaxed player with a Lester Young-ish sound, he is no match for the
overpowering intensity of Coltrane.  John Coltrane, at this point, was still
developing (actually, he never stopped) and was fairly early on in his search.
He had recently recorded the classic four albums (including Working with...
and Steaming with...) with the Miles Davis Quintet that also consisted of
Red Garland, Paul Chambers and Philly Joe Jones and had yet to record on the
Kind of Blue album with Miles and Bill Evans, when, by that time, it was
obvious that he was evolving stylistically.  So here we have a Coltrane only
hinting at his later use of chords in playing, sometimes trying things that
don't quite work.  However, he is still a compelling player demanding
attention and, at his best, turns in some very impassioned inspired playing.
His initial solo on the tune "Sunday" is almost tentative but after the two
horns come in a second time, Coltrane catches fire and plays several highly
charged choruses.  His work on the other tunes varies but is certainly on a
level deserving repeated listening.

Quinichette also turns in a nice solo on "Sunday" and, though nowhere near
as powerful as Coltrane, he plays interestingly and inventively.  Pianist
Mal Waldron contributes several sparse interesting solos, but Coltrane and,
to a somewhat lesser degree, Quinichette, are the focus here.

Also included as a bonus on the CD are three previously unreleased tracks by
Paul Quinichette, backed by, among others, fellow Basie alumni guitarist
Freddie Green and underrated pianist Kenny Drew.  With Freddie Green's
four-chords-to-the-bar swing style guitar comping and the absence of
Coltrane, Quinichette seems better displayed in this relaxed Basie-sounding
groove.

Not a classic, but it holds up well over repeated listenings.  Coltrane, as
always, is at least worth hearing.

Related listening:

Miles Davis Quintet:  Steamin' with..., Workin' with..., and Relaxin'
with... are also good examples of Coltrane at this stage of development.

Miles Davis: Kind of Blue shows a more mature, evolving soloist of Coltrane.

John Coltrane's Giant Steps and My Favorite Things show Coltrane further
along, comfortable on the new plateau he reached and, indeed, contain some of
his best work ever.

John Coltrane's Impressions, a recording drawing from several sessions but
featuring the title track, recorded live, on which, after several choruses,
pianist McCoy Tyner drops out, leaving Coltrane, driven on by drummer Elvin
Jones and bassist Jimmy Garrison, to play an amazingly long, intense solo
that never loses momentum.

Mal Waldron shows himself to be an interesting soloist and even more
interesting accompanist in the three records he recorded on the Prestige
label with Eric Dolphy and trumpeter Booker Little, live at the Five-Spot.



CREEDENCE CLEARWATER REVIVAL: Green River (DCC/Fantasy 24k gold CD)
Reviewed by DJ Johnson

Here's a great way to renew your love affair with a once-favorite band's music;
shell out some bucks for a 24k gold CD or LP and hear it as if it were the
first time.  CCR was one of the bands that made me the music fanatic I am
today, but I haven't listened to them in years simply because there's always
so much new stuff to hear.  My mistake!  The main thing about the gold version
of this 27 year old album isn't noise reduction--there's still a layer of
hiss, but it's nowhere near the volume of the noise on the original LP.  No,
the main thing here is separation.  Have you ever bought the most expensive
recording tape?  Not the 2nd best of the line, but the ridiculously	pricey
top of the line job you have to drive to three stores to find?  If you have,
you've probably noticed that the music seems to have an extra dimension.  It
has depth--space BEHIND the instruments.  That's what a well done gold CD
has.  Air.  By unstacking the instruments, you find the little touches that
once blended in so much that you couldn't really appreciate it.  The low
sax-like harmonica groans in "Green River" that I used to think were guitar
overtones, for instance.  The clarity is stunning from track to track.

The album itself was loaded with hits.  "Green River," "Commotion," "Lodi,"
and "Bad Moon Rising" have appeared on nearly every CCR compilation over
the years, which is where most people hear the band these days.  The original
albums offer songs you either never heard or forgot all about, like the
fantastic "Sinister Purpose" and "Cross Tie Walker."  If you want to hear
them the way Stu Cook, Doug Clifford and the Fogerty boys heard them in that
studio in 1969, this is the release you want.



CREEDENCE CLEARWATER REVIVAL: Born On The Bayou (DCC/Fantasy 24k gold CD)
Reviewed by DJ Johnson

During the two and a half year period that Creedence Clearwater Revival was
making hit records, most of the popular bands were turning toward psychedelia
and acid rock.  Not John Fogerty and the boys!  They stayed true to their
roots: southern blues-rock as processed by Marin County (California) kids.
To this day, a huge number of people think CCR is from the deep south.

Born On The Bayou was CCR's second album, and it produced three future
classics, one of which, "Proud Mary," became their biggest hit.  If
imitation is indeed flattery, they must still blush at the number of
bands that have covered it.  The title track didn't do as well, but it
has grown in stature over the years and is now considered one of their
finest moments.

Those two tracks and "Good Golly Miss Molly" are staples of classic rock
radio, so you haven't been deprived.  However, there are four other tracks
here that haven't survived classic radio's annoying "only the hits"
downsizing tactics, and they deserve better.  "Bootleg," a song that many
people still think is called "Boolay Boolay" thanks to Fogerty's interesting
vocal approach, is every bit as cool and hooky as any CCR hit.  "Graveyard
Train" and "Penthouse Pauper" are fine R&B workouts, but they, too, are long
forgotten.  Although it is long and a bit repetitious, "Keep On Chooglin'"
is filled with blistering rhythm and edgy guitar work that makes up for the
lack of chord changes.  Clearly, the best way to hear any of these songs is
in context with the other six: it's a great ALBUM.

Once again, DCC's Steve Hoffman has done a stellar job of taking these old
studio tapes and making a 24k gold CD that offers increased clarity, level,
and punch while doing away with a great deal of the noise.  The more I study
this format, the more I appreciate it.



MARTIN DENNY: The Exotic Sounds Of... (Capitol)
Reviewed by DJ Johnson

This 2-CD compilation begins with Denny's cover of Les Baxter's classic,
"Quiet Village."  Very appropriate, considering it was Baxter and his
then-daring musical experimentation that led Denny to take this path.
From there, of course, Denny cut his own side roads and built a body of
work that many consider the finest of the exotica era.  The argument of
Denny -vs- Baxter is cropping up quite a bit these days, thanks to the
exotica/lounge revival, which is still going strong.

Another popular argument concerns the merit of compilation CDs.  While
there's no point in denying the value of hearing Denny's 1956 LP, Exotica,
in it's entirety, I feel that a thoughtfully done comp--especially a 2 cd
comp--can be of great value to those of us with paltry bank accounts.  I
can't afford to buy the many albums these 40 songs were culled from.
Someday, I will...but one at a time.  Meanwhile, this package will serve
me well.

The music presented here is exquisite.  With Arthur Lyman on vibes and
Augie Colon on bongos and bird calls, Denny's band performed some of the
most beautiful and exotic music ever recorded.  Their version of "Bali
Ha'i" outshines all other versions.  Augie the birdman outdoes himself
on "The Enchanted Isle," a lazy tune with a wonderful reverbed whistling
track off in the distance.  This is the mood of the collection: peaceful,
fanciful, and transportive.  With eyes closed and incense burning, it
won't take much effort to visualize yourself in a tropical paradise. That's
what this genre was all about, and that's where Denny excelled.  The Exotic
Moods Of Martin Denny is a beautiful two hour and ten minute vacation.



ELGAR: Complete Symphonies: No. 1 in A Flat, Op. 551; No. 2 in E Flat,
Op. 63; Pomp and Circumstance (Marches 1-5)1, Op. 39; Cockaigne (In London
Town) Concert Overture, Op. 40. Royal Philharmonic Orchestra1 and London
Symphony Orchestra conducted by Andre Previn.
(PHILIPS DUO 454 250-2 - Two Discs - 77:24; 68:47. [DDD])
Reviewed by Robert Cummings

The Philips Duo line is a two-for-the-price-of-one reissue series that
offers a quite economical way for the budget-minded collector to purchase
favorite past recordings. This new release pairs Previn's 1985 readings of
the Elgar First Symphony and Pomp and Circumstance Marches with his 1993
accounts of the Second Symphony and Cockaigne Overture. Those familiar with
Previn's forays into British repertory are aware of his success with the
music of Vaughn Williams. His RCA cycle from the late `60s and early `70s
of that master's nine symphonies successfully challenged the then competing
one on EMI of the venerable late Sir Adrian Boult. Here, in the Elgar
Symphonies, Boult's ghost hovers imposingly, as well, but the undaunted
Previn serves up interpretations of lush character and penetrating insight
that capture an Elgar perhaps less rugged, less intense than Boult's, but
also more epic and more beautiful.

Previn plays up the post-Romantic richness in the scoring and expressive
language of these early twentieth-century symphonies. You can notice the
seeming perfection throughout in his orchestral balances, how neither the
strings nor the brass dominate the proceedings, how the less prominent
woodwinds are never slighted, and how contrapuntal lines are given their
just due. When the textures thicken and the fortes blare out, he never
squanders detail at the expense of momentary effect. Try virtually any of
the big climactic moments in either symphony's first movement (moments
anti-Elgarians would charge as fulsomely scored), and notice how Previn
never loses focus, never allows competing lines to trample one another.

He doesn't skirt the darker elements in these works, either, especially in
the tragic Second Symphony, where, with anguished passages punctuated by
weight and disruptive episodes heightened by a surreal nervosity, he seems
to erect scaffolding to connect with the grimmer, more neurotic world of
Gustav Mahler. In sum, Previn gives you a multi-dimensional Elgar, beautiful,
compelling and sometimes unsettling. In the Pomp and Circumstance Marches
and Cockaigne Overture, he deftly captures the mixture of grandiosity and
lightness, fun and nostalgia. And he coaxes spirited, precise playing from
the Royal Philharmonic and London Symphony Orchestras in all the works.
Philips' sound is excellent, even in the decade-old First. This is one
affordable pair of discs that should be in the collection of all Elgarians
and anyone interested in exploring the music of one of the greatest British
composers.



BILL EVANS TRIO: Portrait in Jazz (DCC DZS-1059)
Reviewed by Lance Kaufman

In reissuing this album, originally released on the Riverside label in
1960, DCC has chosen a recording worthy of "gold" in the truest sense.
The pianist, Bill Evans, is arguably amongst the handful of the greatest
and most inventive of jazz pianists in history.  In addition, as a
trio--particularly due to the amazing interplay and communication Evans
shared with bassist Scott LaFaro and, to a lesser degree, with drummer
Paul Motian--this combination would also have to be rated as one of the
great jazz trios (as opposed to piano with bass and drums accompanying) of
all time.  LaFaro was not only a virtuoso on his instrument but also
possessed uncanny sensitivity and intuitiveness that one finds rarely in
musicians playing any instrument.  It is not coincidental that due in part
to this collaboration, this album--along with other albums consisting of
the same personnel during this period--represent Evans at his finest and
freshest: flirting with, darting in and out rhythmically, and challenging
and being challenged by LaFaro.  LaFaro was soon to die, tragically, very
young, and though Evans continued to play and create beautiful music with
such bass players as Chuck Israels and Eddie Gomez (both also exceptional
players), with LaFaro's death it almost seemed like something was lost and
that Evans continued to search for another Scott LaFaro the rest of his
life.

Particularly in this trio setting, LaFaro did not confine himself to the
traditional role of bass player: providing a solid, "walking" foundation
for the soloist(s) to play over, and then taking a brief solo himself.
Rather, his approach is that of a musical "equal," playing interesting
(and incredible) melodic lines while exploring unusual rhythmic ideas that
had very little to do with "keeping the beat."  With a musician of his
prodigious technique, this approach could easily lead to overplaying and
substituting flashiness for substance, but LaFaro was a "listener."
There was purpose to everything he played, and as he and Evans "spoke"
together musically, the delighted listener was given the opportunity to
listen in and understand.  With so much "back and forth, give and take"
going on between Evans and LaFaro, for Paul Motian to follow suit might
have been a bit too much, and so of the three, he is by far the most
conventional in his approach.  However, his playing is always sensitive
to what is going on and, at times, he is quite willing and able to jump
into the fray and contribute to the conversation as well.  For a treat,
listen to this album and concentrate solely on LaFaro.

Bill Evans, himself, was an amazing creative musician.  Schooled in
classical music, he was able to draw from this idiom and create a playing
style that, in this uniqueness of unusual chords, almost reminds one of
the French Impressionist composers Debussy and Ravel.  This, combined
with his use of space (for though he, too, was a formidable technician,
he never overused his skills), particularly given free reign by LaFaro's
ongoing interesting dialogue, created a very unique, understated and, at
times, fragile style.  This same otherworldly quality is extremely evident
in Evans' work with Miles Davis, though Miles would probably somehow take
the credit.  And certainly, Miles was another master at understatement and
the use of space.  But it is Evans' presence, his brooding chords and
influence that contributed so much to the feeling of KIND OF BLUE.  Make
no mistake; Evans was an intense player, but generally it was a quieter
sort of intensity.  However, he could "swing," and when the trio does dig
in with a more conventional approach, there is a definite energy surge.

The fact that Evans was a "quieter" player has unfortunately led to some
problems.  For some people and audiences, "quiet" equates with background
music and even Bill Evans, with this trio, was victimized by this (on his
fine album SUNDAY AT THE VILLAGE VANGUARD, one can easily hear
conversation and the clinking of glasses).   In addition, Bill Evans is
one of the most imitated of the jazz pianists and has spawned a whole
generation of imitators, who, though they possess the technique and the
outward characteristics of Evans' style, have neither the substance,
sensitivity nor intensity which, unlike his successors, elevated him far,
far above the level of polite cocktail jazz pianist.

This album is a true excellent example of a pianist at his finest and a
unique trio that was together for far too short a time.  As other artists
have at times "made a song their own," Bill Evans' version of the Disney
classic, "Someday My Prince Will Come" is definitive.  But listen to any
of the other tunes on the album, and you will hear the familiar as
well as the not-so-familiar molded and transformed into a magical kingdom
alive with wonderful chords and sounds.

Related Listenings:

Miles Davis' KIND OF BLUE which  also features John Coltrane and Cannonball
Adderley under the Evans spell.

Bill Evans' EXPLORATIONS, SUNDAY AT THE VILLAGE VANGUARD and WALTZ FOR DEBBY,
three other excellent albums with the above trio.

Bill Evans' EVERYBODY DIGS BILL EVANS, which preceded the above recordings,
also featuring soulful "walker" Sam Jones on bass and hard bop master Philly
Joe Jones on drums, who make Evans drive a bit harder.

Bill Evans' LIVING TIME, his collaboration with George Russell, who along
with Gil Evans, is one of the better known composers and arrangers of serious
music for large jazz ensemble since the early 1950's; the pieces are all
written by Russell but feature Evans on both acoustic and electric pianos.

Herbie Mann's NIRVANA, the flautists's 1962 collaboration with Evans and his
trio, just after LaFaro's death.

In addition, Bill recorded many albums, both as leader and sideman, which
included solo playing, duets with guitarist Jim Hall, some nice quintet
work with Hall and Freddie Hubbard, later trio albums with Eddie Gomez, and
some interesting work with harmonica wizard Toots Thielemans and younger
reed player Larry Schneider.



THE FREIGHT HOPPERS: Where'd You Come From, Where'd You Go? (Rounder)
Reviewed by Shaun Dale

The latest country music boom has been dubbed a "new traditionalism" as
artists pay tribute to their forbears in style and instrumentation,
dropping much of the "countrypolitan" gloss of the Nashville studio
scene in the 70's and 80's.

But Merle Haggard, great as he is, wasn't there at the beginning - nor
were his heroes like Lefty Frizzel or even Jimmie Rodgers.  The first
star of the Grand Ol' Opry wasn't Hank Williams, it was Uncle Dave
Macon, whose legacy lived on through Grandpa Jones.  The first Carters to
make it big weren't Carlene or even her mom, but A.P. and Maybelle.

The music they played wasn't called country & western, it was called
hillbilly and it survives today in the old time string bands like the
Freight Hoppers, who hail from North Carolina.  The Appalachians have a
much stronger case as the home of country music than Nashville will ever
muster, and this quartet (Frank Lee, banjo/vocals; David Bass, fiddle;
Cary Fridly, guitar/vocals; Hanne Jorgensen, bass) provide 16 reasons
why on this disc.

This is the real deal - boiling fiddle and clawhammer banjo laid down
over flattop and bass with vocals that stretch out in that high lonesome
wail or drop down to cornpone fun in the most positive sense of that
term.  The tunes are derived from old Library of Congress recordings and
from the playing of traditional pickers from Doc Watson to Clarence
Ashley - names you know if you love this old timey stuff like I do.

The selections are a fine blend of the familiar and the surprising and
the performances are first rate.  Everyone should own an old time string
band disc.  If you only own one, this one will do fine.


Track List:

Sandy River * Cotton Eyed Joe * Mississippi Breakdown * Little Sadie *
Texas Gals * Johnson Boys * Logan County Blues * Gray Cat On A Tennessee
Farm * Four Cent Cotton * Cornbread, Molasses & Sassafras Tea * Dark
Hollow Blues * Elzik's Farewell * Pretty Little Girl * How Many Biscuits
Can You Eat This Morning? * Kentucky Whiskey * Bright Morning Stars



FUTURE SOUND OF LONDON: Dead Cities (EBv/Virgin)
Reviewed by Keith Gillard

The world was first introduced to Future Sound Of London through "Papua
New Guinea," a dancy ambient house piece which had the good fortune to be
included on the Cool World soundtrack. Since that time, I have followed
the band closely, and their most recent album, ISDN, was probably my
favourite album of 1995.

When FSOL release something, there is no way to predict what it will sound
like. They are equally capable of creating hard-hitting pounding rhythms
and haunting nebulous soundscapes. They seem dedicated to confounding the
trends rather than following them or even setting them. This ensures that
their releases are always fresh and unpredictable (or at least it has thus
far).

There are no low points or disappointments to Dead Cities. I do, however,
have one complaint. There are 15 tracks listed on the back of the disc, by
name. The booklet gives credits (by number) to 14 tracks. And there are
only 13 tracks on the disc itself. Three-quarters of the way through, it
becomes very difficult to know the title to the song you are listening to.
As a result, I cannot distinguish between "Glass," "Yage" and "Vit Drowning."

At first, "My Kingdom" seemed like a strange choice for a lead-off single,
but what a single. It is a swing 3/4 modal piece with an acoustic drum loop,
detuned guitars, and an eastern flute melody. Electronic noises punctuate
and accentuate points in the piece, but the primary instruments are acoustic,
albeit in sample form. Actually, the main samples for the piece were lifted
from other works. The flute sample is credited to Ennio Morricone's "Once
Upon a Time in America," and the vocal line is from Vangelis' "Blade Runner"
soundtrack. However, FSOL have combined these elements with their own
original sounds and grooves to create a piece of great haunting beauty.

The title track hearkens back to "Lifeforms" in its flowing, slowly-evolving
melodies, but with the addition of edgy multi-layered rhythms. The guitar
work on "Her Face Forms In Summertime" is beautiful, and is strongly
reminiscent of David Sylvian's "Gone To Earth" album.

"Max" is absolutely gorgeous, with piano, soprano sax, and synth strings
which are almost enough to make me cry. The tremolo electric piano sound
is also lovely. If this piece had a steady groove and any sort of
percussion, it might be mistaken for an 808 State track.

"Quagmire" is a fragmented piece, layering multiple drum loops, odd
amorphous synth sounds, and jazz band samples into a loose and disturbing
whole. It seems barely held together, and has an energy which threatens to
blow it apart with any bar. Yet, somehow, it works.

"In A State of Permanent Abyss" begins with a saxophone sample, pitch
shifted far beyond its realistic limit, to create an interesting percussive
synth sound. Eventually, an asymmetrical beat joins in, layering multiple
time signatures, until you are unsure where the beat exactly lies, though
still feeling the groove.

"Glass" (or is it "Yage" or "Vit Drowning"?) is another soundscape. It is
noteworthy because the liner notes claim that it features an instrument
identified only as "some weird Greek instrument no one can remember the name
of apart from the Greeks who are in Greece."  It sounds, however, remarkably
like a bouzouki.

"First Death In The Family" is another absolutely beautiful track, layering
ethnic orchestral sounds and a calliope over distorted drums. It sounds like
a continuation of what Yellow Magic Orchestra were doing in 1981, projected
twenty years into the future. The album closes with a bonus track, "Dead
Cities re-prise," and is a punk/metal track, filtered and layered over a
city ambience--a great (and amusing) way to end this outstanding album.

I have the good fortune of having the limited edition of "Dead Cities,"
which includes a 96-page book. The band does the artwork themselves, and
the book is made up of many gorgeous full-colour artworks by them. The art
is breathtaking, much of it new unreleased work. Covers to past albums and
singles (such as "The Far Out Son Of Lung And The Ramblings Of A Madman")
can be found within as well. The whole is stitched together by three short
stories which would best be categorized as cyberpunk. If you are interested
in getting Dead Cities, it is worthwhile to spend the extra to get the book.
You would spend a lot of money to get a book of art this good in a bookstore.

Overall, this is a truly outstanding album. Had it come out one month
earlier, it would have made my "Best of 1996" list. As it is, I believe I
have found my first choice for "Best of 1997."  I am still unsure whether or
not Dead Cities is superior to FSOL's previous release, ISDN, but both
are truly outstanding albums. I recommend it very highly.

Songwriting:	9/10
Production:	10/10
Performance:	9/10
Overall:	9/10

Check out the Future Sound of London webpage at http://www.vmg.co.uk/fsol.



GINGERSOL:  Extended Play  (Dental Records)
Reviewed by Shaun Dale

I've got a real problem with Gingersol's debut, Extended Play.  It
really *is* an EP and I want the whole damn album.  I want it NOW.  Six
songs just isn't enough.

These six will be followed up soon, though, I'm sure, because these
guys are, as they say, the shit.  An LA based quartet, Gingersol plays
the kind of hook filled power pop that always has a ready audience.

Buy copies of this disc and send them to your local radio station.  Then
buy copies and give them to your friends in return for nonstop calls to
the radio station.  Send these guys money.  Get them airplay.  Make the
majors sit up and take notice. Do it right away.

Because I want the whole damn album, and I want it NOW. (Dental Records
PO Box 251873, Los Angeles, CA 90025)

Track List:

The Nicest People * Here We Are * Magazine * Back From Downtown * Never
Noticed * Crazy Bitch



THE HEADS: No Talking Just Head (MCA)
Reviewed by Steve Marshall

This is one of those CDs that looks great in the store, but fails miserably
when you actually get it home and listen to it. The Heads are essentially
what's left of Talking Heads--minus David Byrne--with different vocalists
on each of the songs. Byrne tried to sue the others over the use of the
name, but ended up settling out of court. Byrne retained control of anything
Talking Heads related, and the rest of the band members get to call
themselves The Heads.

The CD gets off to a great start with "Damage I've Done," a killer track
with vocals by ex-Concrete Blonde vocalist, Johnette Napolitano. Michael
Hutchence (INXS) turns in a decent performance on "The King is Gone," a
song that sounds like it could be a Casual Gods outtake. Unfortunately, the
rest of the disc falls flat. The lack of a single vocalist throughout the
CD takes its toll quickly. There's no sense of cohesiveness, and the songs
just aren't that good.

The Heads just finished a US tour with Napolitano joining the group (on the
tour, and for the next studio album) as the 'official' lead vocalist. In a
concert setting--with one vocalist--the songs from the CD held up much better.
They debuted some new songs on the tour, tentatively planned to appear on the
next album. These songs were better than most of No Talking Just Head.
Hopefully, this will be a preview of what we can expect in the future.



LIGHTNIN' HOPKINS/BROWNIE McGHEE/SONNY TERRY: Blues Hoot
(DCC Compact Classics)
Reviewed by Steve Marshall

When it comes to blues guitarists, there aren't many who have been as
influential as Lightnin' Hopkins. His ragged, unconventional style of
guitar playing has inspired countless musicians over the years. Anyone
who plays guitar has stolen licks from him at one time or another. Hopkins
was also a master storyteller. Blues Hoot shows off these abilities as it
captures Hopkins in 1961 collaborating with fellow blues legends, Sonny
Terry and Brownie McGhee.

Recorded live in Hollywood at the Ash Grove, the sound quality on the 24K
gold CD is stunning. It sounds like it was recorded yesterday. Tape hiss
is nonexistent, and the dynamic range will make you sit up and take notice.
The best tracks are the solo Hopkins tunes and the Terry & McGhee
instrumental, "Blowin' the Fuses." Channel separation on the solo Hopkins
material is superb--vocals on the left, guitar on the right.

Blues Hoot includes four bonus tracks, plus all the original liner notes.
This isn't the definitive Lightnin' Hopkins CD, but it's an entertaining
disc.



AL JOLSON: Let Me Sing And I'm Happy - At Warner Bros. 1926-1936 (Rhino)
Reviewed by DJ Johnson

Don't buy this if you're just looking for a greatest hits package.  Sure,
these are some of Jolie's biggest tunes, but they aren't the studio
recordings you're looking for.  You'll find copies of those songs without
too much effort if you want them.  If, on the other hand, you are already
a fan--one who appreciates the rare and unusual--read on.

In the earliest days of talking motion pictures, Jolson was the king of
sing.  Singers performed live, usually in one take, and it was all captured
on 16-inch shellac "Vitadiscs," along with the rest of the soundtrack. By
the time the search was on for source for this CD, the masters from Jolson's
early movies were all long destroyed or stolen.  Luckily, copies had
circulated among the movie theaters that first played those films, and
some had survived the decades since.

Ian Whitcomb, who was something of a "pop star" in the 60s, produced this
CD for Rhino, and from all accounts, it was a hell of a task.  First they
had to find the source Vitadiscs, then they had to restore them--in one
case actually gluing three broken pieces together and smoothing out the
seems--and record them to DAT.  The entire process is revealed in Whitcombs
outstanding 23-page liner notes.  These notes should be read BEFORE you
begin to listen.  Otherwise, the full impact of what you're actually hearing
may be lost.

The end result is a disc full of noisy, scratchy, tinny recordings of honest
live performances by Jolson and some great sidemen.  More than that, this is
historically important material of great value to cinema and music buffs alike.

Tracks:

From A PLANTATION ACT (1926): April Showers * Rockabye Your Baby With A
Dixie Melody

From THE JAZZ SINGER (1927): Dirty Hands! Dirty Face! * Toot Toot Tootsie! *
Blue Skies * Mother Of Mine, I Still Have You * My Mammy

From THE SINGING FOOL (1928): It All Depends On You * I'm Sitting On Top Of
The World * The Spaniard That Blighted My Life * There's A Rainbow Round My
Shoulder * Golden Gate * Sonny Boy

From SAY IT WITH SONGS (1929): Back In Your Own Back Yard * Used To You * I'm
In Seventh Heaven

From MAMMY (1930): Let Me Sing And I'm Happy * (Across The Breakfast Table)
Looking At You * Why Do They All Take The Night Boat To Albany?

From BIG BOY (1930): Liza Lee * Little Sunshine

From GO INTO YOUR DANCE (1935): About A Quarter To Nine

From THE SINGING KID (1936): I Love To Sing-A



MARSHMALLOW OVERCOAT: Marshmallow Overcoat (360 Twist)
Reviewed by DJ Johnson

Timothy Gassen is a busy guy!  He's an in-demand writer--the author of The
Knights Of Fuzz--and the lead vocalist for not one, but TWO great garage
bands: The Purple Merkins and Marshmallow Overcoat.  On this 360 Twist
release, Gassen and crew lay down 16 great tracks of dark retro-psych.  If
there is some confusion in pegging their influences, it's at least partially
due to Debra Dickey's use of both Vox AND Farfisa organs.  Those two very
distinct sounds are often the dividing line between schools of garage rock.
Despite the confusion it may cause, I think it's a cool move.  It makes them
all the more interesting.  Gassen has one of those voices people either love
or hate, though nobody could say it isn't unique.  I can't think of anyone
to compare him to.  The band itself sounds like a nice and eerie mix of
Spirit, The Doors, Iron Butterfly and a dozen of the darkest American garage
bands of the 60s.  To someone like me, who craves a mysterious sound, this
is right on the mark.



MENNIN: Concertato (Moby Dick); Symphony No. 3; Symphony
No. 7. Seattle Symphony Orchestra conducted by Gerard
Schwartz. (DELOS DE 3164 [DDD] 57:32)
Reviewed by Robert Cummings

In a way, it is fairly easy to describe the musical style of the American
composer Peter Mennin (1923-83): it is quite direct, utterly serious, free
of humor and orchestrational color, and emotionally cool. He tended to make
frequent use of counterpoint, and his harmonies grew a bit more dissonant
in his later compositions. From this description you might be prone to
dismiss his works as soulless, unappealing. But there is an element in his
music that rises above description; hence my qualification at the outset.
His works are imbued with an urgency and depth that seem to fill the air
with an inevitability that some profound purpose is being unearthed in the
notes. You sense the music is going somewhere, somewhere it must, but may
not want to, go. This tendency is most noticeable in Moby Dick (1952) and
the Seventh Symphony (1963).

The inspirational source of the former work is tailor-made for Mennin's
often violent style. This is a concert, not a program, work, where,
therefore, no specific events from Herman Melville's novel are depicted in
the music. But clearly, in the grimness and raw power of the score, you can
see images of the whalers and the fanatical Captain Ahab in hot pursuit of
this grand monster of nature. At least I can. It is a tense, exciting piece
throughout its eleven minute duration. Mennin draws you in, puts you on the
edge of your seat, and keeps you riveted there till the final crushing notes
sound.

The Seventh Symphony, which comes last on the disc, is the most substantive
work here. Lasting just over twenty-six minutes and cast in five sections
within a single movement, the piece seethes with tension and is rife with
musical ideas in the appearance and innovative reappearance of the themes
throughout. And there is that feeling, that ominous feeling, of inevitability
here: you sense you're being taken, at times hurled, to some dubious
destination, where surely a decisive resolution to the perilous journey's
accumulated conflicts will occur, but a resolution you're hesitant to
embrace. This is a well-crafted work which should be better known. Maybe
Delos's marketing ploy of headlining Moby Dick will attract the curious
and accomplish that very hope.

The Third Symphony (1947) is an energetic, rugged work, also fully deserving
greater attention. It is marginally brighter in mood than its disc mates,
and features a songful, if slightly tense, Andante second movement, followed
by a driving, almost frenzied finale. Some might prefer this earlier
symphony to its later sibling, its expressive language being a bit more
lucid and direct, its formal design more conventional. The Seattle Symphony
Orchestra performs admirably in all three works under the knowing baton of
Maestro Gerard Schwartz, a man who, via an array of Delos recordings now,
clearly demonstrates an incisive grasp on the music of that varied group of
twentieth-century American composers-Diamond, Hanson, Creston, Piston, and
Mennin. Delos supplies notes by the informative Jim Svejda, and lavishes
Schwartz and his players with excellent sound. Highly recommended.



MOMUS: Circus Maximus (1986, El/Cherry Red/Pinnacle)
Reviewed by Keith Gillard

After ten months, we have finally arrived at the last installment of my
continuing series on Momus. Here it is: Momus' first record, 1986's
Circus Maximus.

Overall, the arrangements are acoustic guitar ballads (in the classic sense
of the word), with added synthetic layers. The chord progressions are
unpredictable to a point where you actually become accustomed to the unusual
flow of unconventional patterns. It is remarkable that Momus layered such
singable melodies over top of the strange chords, but this is indicative of
the biggest influence on these songs: French pop, particularly the work of
Jacques Brel.

The focus is, of course, the lyrics.  And what words!  Each song on Circus
Maximus tells a story. The first half of the album is centred around
themes derived from the Bible. The meaning of many lyrics is difficult to
penetrate, but never so much so that the listener has no idea of what Momus
is singing about.  The liner notes do help in providing important historical
and literary information to deciphering the songs.

Standout tracks include "Lucky like St. Sebastian," which was revisited on
1995's "Slender Sherbet."  Here, there are no drums or bass, simply acoustic
guitar, vibes, a choir, and sparse synth strings. The simplicity and
roughness of the arrangement makes the lyrics and the emotion behind them
stand out: "Should you be so lucky like St. Sebastian / Preferring the ache
to the aspirin / Swooning as they shoot the arrows through your narrow chest
/ Stripping naked in the Circus Maximus / With a martyr-eating lioness /
Bartering with flesh for a little pain / Scenes like this give sadomasochism
a bad name."

Perhaps the most bitter song on this record is "Paper Wraps Rock," which
relates how women have used virtue, virginity, or simple unavailability as a
tool or weapon: "You can never overestimate Garbo / You can never undress
Monroe / They may have never heard of Plato / But there's one thing they did
know / If you want to be desired for a thousand years / Keeping it platonic
is a good idea / 'Cut it out Socrates, can't we just talk' / Scissors cut
paper, but paper wraps rock."

The edition of Circus Maximus I have includes three songs from Momus'
Nicky EP, which was released shortly after Circus Maximus  It contains
English versions of three of Jacques Brel's works, including "Jackie,"
redone as "Nicky" (Momus' real name is Nick Currie).  The cynicism of the
lyrics and the desire for acceptance and belonging come across very clearly:
"If I could be him for only an hour / If I could be him before his grand
finale / If I could be me / If I could only be / cute cute cute cute /
absolutely banal."

The other two bonus tracks, "Don't Leave" and "See a Friend in Tears" are
lovely slow melancholy pieces, which show more synthesizers than most of the
material on Circus Maximus, indicating the direction of Momus' growth.  The
three bonus tracks serve as a good epilogue for the album.

Overall, Circus Maximus is a wonderful record. Listening to it again
makes me want to listen to all of Momus' albums, in the order of their
release. It is interesting to listen to this early Momus material and see
how he has progressed as a songwriter and as a producer, but also to note
that he has such an auspicious beginning.

So with this review, my monthly series on Momus' albums comes to a close.
Nick Currie did sing on one album before he became Momus: The Happy Family.
Unfortunately, I have been unable to get a copy. However, I will cover it
if I can get a copy. But this is not the end of Momus!  He has a new album
out, 20 Vodka Jellies, which I will be covering as soon as it receives
American distribution (hooray! A Momus album with American distribution!).

Songwriting: 9/10
Production:	6/10
Performance: 8/10
Overall: 8/10

Check out Momus' webpage (which he works on personally) at
http://www.demon.co.uk/momus.



THE MYSUNDERSTOOD: Ever Questioning Why  (Twist)
Reviewed by The Platterpuss

Being the fanatical, dyed-in-the-wool Garage head that I am, a new
Mystreated album is always a cause for celebration at my house. Though
some may call it retro-sounding, to me it's timeless. Like their other
records, this one sounds like it could have been recorded back in the
mid-60s, from their vintage equipment to the punchy monaural sound that
they get. As I've said in other reviews of theirs, from other bands this
might sound like merely an exercise in form and fashion, but these guys
have definitely got the chops and the songwriting to make it as fresh
and vital as anything I've heard in quite awhile. Now if they'd only play
some shows here in the U.S., I'd be a happy man.  (c/o Mark Le Gallez,
Old Trafford, Jerbourg Rd., St. Martens, Guernsey C.I., UK)



NY LOOSE: Year Of The Rat (Hollywood)
Reviewed by DJ Johnson

I'm still trying to figure out just what this band is all about.  They're
billed as a rockin' punk band from New York City's lower east side, and
there are a few songs that come close to what I'd expect.  "Apathy Is Golden"
is quite powerful, with a bass sound good for scaring hell out of anyone
who knows enough not to lick a running chainsaw.  Most of the time, though,
the music is just too produced to earn punk credentials.  At the same time,
it's a little too ballsy to be called "alternative."

The big question?  Is there a future in the middle?  Dunno.  But I do know
that there are a few songs on Year Of The Rat that rate, beginning with
"Pretty Suicide," a bittersweet true story of a girl who jumped off of the
Empire State building and landed in a peaceful angelic position atop a car.
(She was immortalized in a Life Magazine photograph.)  The song is interesting,
and at 2:28, they don't belabor the point.  "She was such a pretty suicide -
Oh what a beautiful mess -She was such a beautiful suicide - Right now she
looks her best."  The song that will probably get the most attention is
"Spit,"	thanks to its inclusion on the Crow II: City Of Angels soundtrack,
and also because it's a damned good song with a sexy vocal.

Brijitte West's voice is right on throughout the album, even when the band
takes a turn for the weird with their lighter-than-air cover of The Velvet
Underground's "Sunday Morning."  They get it back again by track 9, "Kiss
My Wheels," which is probably the closest thing to punk on the album.  On
this track, they let sheer volume create the sound.  Not necessarily a bad
idea if you want a song to rock.  All in all, Year Of The Rat is a mixed bag,
but the good tracks are promising, and the best track ("Pretty Suicide")
should sell some records.  If they find an identity, they could really do
something.



ALAN PARSONS: On Air (River North)
Reviewed by Steve Marshall

The first time I heard this disc, I was less than impressed. The last Alan
Parsons CD, Try Anything Once, had a few good tracks on it, but it headed
straight for the cutout bins. I thought sure On Air would be right behind it.
After two or three listens, though, the songs started to grow on me. On Air
has more of a 'Floydian' feel to it than other Parsons albums, due in part
to the added use of sound effects. The CD begins with a 46-second track
called "Blue Blue Sky." As the track segues into "Too Close to the Sun," a
jet roars across your speakers. The sound is so realistic that at high
volumes, you'll swear it's flying right over the room.

The instrumentals have always been a high point on Parsons' earlier albums,
and On Air carries on the tradition. The first one, "Cloudbreak," is superb,
and ranks up with the best of them. "Fall Free" is one of the CDs better
cuts, and it lightens the mood a bit after "Brother Up in Heaven." "Apollo,"
the second instrumental on the CD, features excerpts from a speech by John
F. Kennedy and is almost techno at times. The crunching power chords toward
the of the end song bear a strong resemblance to "Where's the Walrus?" from
the 1985 album, Stereotomy.

As a special bonus, Parsons and multimedia producer Ken Rose joined forces
to produce a CD-ROM. Packaged together with the audio CD at no additional
cost, it includes an interactive game, plus exclusive graphics. Parsons is
currently busy working on a new 'surround sound' version of the CD, using
the new High Definition Surround technology. On Air marks a return to form
for Parsons, revisiting the sound of earlier works like I Robot and Pyramid.
This disc takes a few listens to really appreciate, but thats usually the
sign of a good CD. Parsons probably isnt going to win over any new fans
with this one, but anyone who has liked him in the past will probably enjoy
On Air.



PROKOFIEV: Alexander Nevsky (Complete Original Film Score); St. Petersburg
Philharmonic Orchestra, Evgenia Gorohovskaya, Mezzo-soprano, Chorus of St.
Petersburg Teleradio Company, Chamber Chorus of St. Petersburg, St.
Petersburg Chorus Capella "LIK"; Yuri Temirkanov, conducting. Enhanced CD
Format (CD Plus). RCA VICTOR RED SEAL 09026-68642-2
Reviewed by Robert Cummings

Here is the new "enhanced CD" version of last year's best-selling Alexander
Nevsky. This performance exists now in four different formats: this latest
issue, standard CD, laser disc and VHS tape (these last two containing the
film, as well). Rarely has a label lavished such attention on a single
release. But, as we shall see, RCA's efforts were not without good reason.

First, let me delve a bit into the background of this issue and its format.
This "enhanced CD" was developed by Microsoft. (Will Bill Gates next pick up
a baton and conduct?) It not only contains the music from the original CD but
also offers biographies of Prokofiev, conductor Temirkanov, and Sergei
Eisenstein, the filmmaker for whom Prokofiev wrote this classic score. Also,
you can view clips from the film on your computer screen. It's all quite
fascinating, but in the end it's the music that's the star attraction here.

In 1938 Prokofiev wrote music for Eisenstein's film, Alexander Nevsky. It
was scored for a small, studio-sized orchestra and required a mezzo-soprano
soloist and chorus. Shortly after the film's December premier that year,
Prokofiev drew music from the score, clothed it in full orchestral and choral
dress, and produced the Alexander Nevsky Cantata, which would become the war
horse we know today. But Prokofiev, true to his nature, recomposed, condensed,
and rearranged here, so that the new work is considerably different from its
source. The original Nevsky remained neglected for nearly half a century.
Then in 1986, this recording's producer, John Goberman, enlisted the services
of orchestrator William Brohn to arrange Prokofiev's original score for full
orchestra and chorus. The result is this powerful work, more or less the
complete original Prokofiev score. I say "more or less" because an overture
is fashioned out of music from the Cantata and placed at the beginning, and
a few other minor emendations are made. But, in the end, what you get is
authentic, compelling Prokofiev.

The differences between the two Nevskys are fairly considerable. For example,
the original's fourteenth section, The Ice Breaks, contains shattering,
aurally savage percussion music missing altogether from the Cantata. And
music in The Battle on The Ice, the fifth movement in the later work, appears
in several cues in this Nevsky. In The Teutonic Camp you'll hear familiar
music from the Cantata's third movement in different guises and instrumentation
here, including use of a small-sounding organ, employed apparently to emulate
the field organ specified in the score. Also, the theme depicting Alexander's
triumphal entry into Pskov shows up slightly altered in the Cantata. I could
enumerate more differences, of course, but suffice it to say the two works
are more like cousins than brother and sister.

Shortly after Brohn completed the score, Vladimir Ashkenazy, Andre Previn
and Mstislav Rostropovich conducted it to showings of the film with great
success. But unaccountably not one of these musical giants, Prokofievians
all, recorded the score. To our great fortune, however, Yuri Temirkanov did.
And the results are impressive, from the performance itself to RCA's rich,
demonstration-caliber sonics. And I must point out that Temirkanov uses
Prokofiev's tempos exactly as intended, since, as mentioned, the score
accompanies the film in the laser disc and VHS formats. More importantly,
though, he captures the Medieval brutality of the battle scenes, the quasi-
bombastic heroism of Nevsky, the self-righteous nastiness of the invaders
--in short, the glittering spectacle of the whole work. This is one of the
greatest film scores ever written, artistically dwarfing the cinematic
masterpiece for which it was composed. In any format you desire, this
recording is urgently recommended.



QKUMBA ZOO: Wake Up and Dream (Arista)
Reviewed by Shaun Dale

Weird hair and interesting tats are no replacement for musical talent.
A spot on the contemporary dance charts isn't likely to turn my head
these days, and the notion of "techno" is prone to make me load my
revolver.  Still, a brief sample of this disc told me there might be
something here worth looking into.

Something certainly was.

While the music is certainly danceable, and more of it seems to be
programmed than played, there are rhythmic elements here to intrigue and
ethereal vocals that have more to say than "I'll show you mine..."

Qkumba Zoo is a South African trio and they draw on traditional music
and beats of their homeland in a way that sets them apart from the run of
the mill synth band.  Owl, the composer/programmer/multi-instrumentalist,
creates a powerful base for the vocal stylings of Levannah, who lapses
from English to a language of her own when the spirit moves.  The spirit
moves mysteriously, with content ranging from the mystical to the political
and styles from pop to spiritual trance music.

The third member of the trio is Tziki, who, in addition to modeling a
fascinating range of tattoos and piercings, is a sculptress and performer
credited with no vocal or instrumental contribution, but simply as a
source of energy - or perhaps not so simply.  There is certainly energy
here, and it produces music that will appeal to listeners far beyond the
dance/rave/techno crowd that it seems to be pointed toward at first
glance.

"The Child (Inside)" is the first single and is enjoying some success on
the dance charts.  It's a fine introduction to the sound of Qkumba Zoo,
but it's only an introduction.  There's a lot more here, and a lot more
to be revealed with each listening to a disc that is well produced in a
way that tells the listener that the performers care.

CDs are small - make room on your rack for this one.

Track List:

Rain * The Child (Inside) * Cloud Eyes * Flesh and Blood * Big * Into
the Night * Weeping * Mermaids * Happy Earthday * Time of Wonder *
Big/Mothership



RETURN TO FOREVER: Return to the Seventh Galaxy: The Anthology (Verve)
Reviewed by Shaun Dale

This two disc set chronicles the work of four Return to Forever lineups
which recorded between 1972 and 1975, with nearly 40 minutes of previously
unreleased live recordings along with selected cuts from four albums.

The first version of RTF here includes the great vocal stylings of Flora
Purim and the tenor and flute of Joe Farrell, along with percussionist
Airto Moriera.  Of course, RTF stalwarts Chick Corea and Stanley Clarke
round out the band on keyboards and bass.

I'd almost forgotten the sound of this earliest RTF.  Purim was a unique
and impeccable vocalist and Farrell kept the group grounded in the jazz
tradition in a way that none of the future lineups could reclaim. The
three cuts from Light As a Feather, recorded in 1972, which appear here
are enough to send me on a search for the album itself. While this may not
be the sound that most of us associate with Return to Forever, it's a
sound that bears hearing more of.

The next band with the RTF label found guitarist Bill Connors taking a
place in what would thereafter be a keyboard, bass, guitar, percussion
format.  Moriera was replaced by drummer Steve Gould and percussionist
Mingo Lewis.  This band is represented by three cuts originally recorded
during a live radio broadcast and heard here for the first time on a
commercial recording.  The future direction of the band begins to take
form in a way more familiar to most listeners.

The live set is followed by three cuts from 1973's Hymn of the Seventh
Galaxy.  Gould and Lewis are replaced by Lenny White on percussion and
the sound that put RTF in the forefront of the early seventies fusion
scene was firmly in place.

Disc two is devoted to a mix of album cuts and unreleased live material
from Corea, Clarke, White and new addition, guitarist Al DiMeola.  It
finds Corea stretching out, making more use of synthesizers and other
keyboards in addition to his trademark electric piano, and Clarke taking
his turn on keyboards and vocals as well.  The cuts here are drawn from
Where Have I Known You Before (1974) and No Mystery (1975), as well
as a nine minute live "The Shadow of La," originally from a 1975 radio
broadcast.

For most who know and love Return To Forever, this is the Return To
Forever they know and love - and for good reason.  The band stretched,
jammed and explored territory that others are still mapping today.

This is more than a valuable document of a period - though it is that.
It's music that remains vital and challenging after more than two
decades with us, performed by artists that continue to challenge and
inspire even now.  There's an awful lot of music out there, and it's
hard to call anything essential.  In this case, it's hard not to.  If
you know this music through a collection of increasingly delicate vinyl,
you're probably already getting your keys and heading for the cd shop.

If you don't know this music, don't ask - just buy it and hear for
yourself.

Track List:

Disc One:  500 Miles High * Captain Marvel * Light As A Feather * Spain
(live) * After The Cosmic Rain (live) * Bass Folk Song (live) * Hymn of
The Seventh Galaxy * Captain Senor Mouse * Theme To The Mothership

Disc Two: Vulcan Worlds * Beyond The Seventh Galaxy * Earth Juice * The
Shadow Of La (live) * Where Have I Known You Before * Song To The
Pharoah Kings * Dayride * No Mystery * Flight Of The Newborn *
Celebration Suite (Part I & II)



PAUL REVERE & THE RAIDERS: The Spirit Of '67 (Sundazed)
Reviewed by DJ Johnson

One of the best things about reviewing a reissue--at least sometimes--is
that you can rediscover something you had forgotten years before.  I had
a vague recollection that Paul Revere & The Raiders had once been one of
my favorite bands, but I hadn't really thought about them since I was a
teenager.  Sundazed Records--a label with a catalog that makes me weep
with joy--has recently reissued several Raiders albums, and I've got one
of 'em in the CD player right this second.  The Spirit Of '67 begins with
the classic "Good Thing," which we all hear every time we listen to the
radio to this very day, so it wasn't until the 2nd track, "All About Her,"
that I regained my memory.  By track three, "In My Community," it was all
clear.  This was no 3-chord garage band.  These guys were players.  I
remember...

The original production was quite nicely done by Terry Melcher back in the
days when the stereo field was all hard right, hard left and dead center.
Wish I had the original around to compare with this re-ish, because I
could swear it didn't sound this full.  I can't be sure, though, since I
realize with each song that my memory can't be trusted.  I was a kid, okay?
I didn't remember that they did anything as odd and ethereal as "1001
Arabian Nights," using their voices to simulate a single sitar.  Nor did I
remember the baroque atmosphere of "Undecided Man."  How could ANYBODY
forget a melody like that?

Besides "Good Thing," there are a few other classic rock radio staples on
this album: "The Great Airplane Strike" appears in its album form and, as
a bonus track, Sundazed has included the single version.  "Hungry" is also
presented twice, the second being an alternate version that is more 34
seconds longer than the album cut and way more Farfisa-heavy.  The second
"I can almost taste it" section is completely different, as well.  It's
clear they made the right choice as to which version to go with, but for
the curious, it's interesting to be able to compare the two.

Well, the CD just ended, and I just fired it right back up again.  Unlike
so many 60's albums, this is consistent throughout.  Every song has at least
some hook or sound that just can't miss.  This was more than just another
Northwest garage band.  Ah yes, I remember it well...



SINGLE CELL ORCHESTRA (Asphodel)
Reviewed by John Sekerka

The single cell in this orchestra is Miguel Angelo Fierro, and though that
name might suggest a fiery flamenco record, I'm here to say otherwise. What
you have here is a four year electronic music project. A gentle, aural
delight of a soundscape best enjoyed cranked with headphones in the horizontal
position. This orchestra easily slips into numerous catch phrase pigeonholes:
ambient, trip hop, techno, slow jams - whatever, it's the stuff Tangerine
Dream've been feeding through their computer stacks for years. A couple of
interesting vocal intrusions (choppy edits) and the odd jungle rhythm spice
it up a tad, but you'll not wanna move from the couch.



SLAVE: Slave (Rhino)
Reviewed by DJ Johnson

To my ears, nothing new is as funky as the stuff that came out in the 70s.
Okay, George Clinton's still lethal, and anything Larry Graham lays down a
bass track to will groove, but NONE of it will hold up to Tower Of Power's
"What Is Hip," or War's "Me And Baby Brother," or anything by Fatback or...
Slave!  Yep, Slave was right up there near the top of the funkin' heap,
blasting out some of the coolest grooves ever sunk into vinyl.  And it's all
been lost in the mist of time, until Rhino formed this brilliant new division
called Urban Rhino or somethin' like that.  They're totally into putting out
kick ass funk, hip-hop, soul, etc.  In this initial wave of releases, I am
pleased to announce, they have included Slave's 1977 self-titled debut.  The
big hit was "Slide," and they give you three helpings: the original, the
backing track--titled "Son Of Slide"--and, as a bonus track, the radio
single version.  Let's see... there are 9 tracks... uh, anybody got a slide
rule?  So "Slide" takes up 1/3rd of the album.  That's okay, the other 6
tracks are plenty funky, especially "Screw Your Wig On Tite."  PLEASE go
buy this so they'll release the follow up album, The Hardness Of The World.
This Urban Rhino thing is a Godsend for those of us who are sick of grooveless
"funk."



SNOWBOY & THE LATIN SECTION: Something's Coming (Acid Jazz/Hollywood)
Reviewed by DJ Johnson

Acid Jazz, jazz dance music... whatever you want to call it, somebody's
gonna argue with you.  During Snowboy's two year absence from the recording
studio, the lines became even cloudier.  Snowboy, an extraordinary
percussionist, probably doesn't give a rats ass what you call it.  Just
one listen to Something's Coming confirms that he has no interest in
following the herd.  The tempo is different from song to song--not the
case with too many modern dance releases--and the arrangements are daring
and never boring.

Opening with "September Rains/Salute To Elegua," Snowboy employs a sparse
arrangement that involves nothing more than percussion instruments and
ambient sounds to convey a mystique and a mood, shattered after three
minutes by a wonderful latin-jazz fusion arrangement of "The Flintstones."
Everyone cooks on this track, but the horn section deserves special mention.
The solo's by Gary Plumley (sax), Joe De Jesus (trombone) and Sid Gauld
(trumpet) are impressive here--and throughout the album--but it's their
cohesive section work that is the real knockout.

Eclectic to the end, Snowboy comes up with the most unusual cover of the
year: "Anarchy In The U.K.," brilliantly performed with latin smoke flavoring.
The exclamation point is dotted by the Plumley's psychotic solo that
embodies the meaning of anarchy to a tee.  The Sex Pistols never imagined
their song would sound like this someday.  Johnny's not dead yet (legally),
so I guess he'll have to roll in Sid's grave.

Latin rhythms are really the only permanent structure in Snowboy's world.
He refuses to be tied down to a format, preferring to leave all avenues
open for future travel.  That should be reason enough to check the guy out.
The incredible musicianship of The Latin Section should seal the deal.



SOL Y CANTO: Sendero Del Sol (Rounder)
Reviewed by Shaun Dale

Led by guitarist Brian Amador and his wife, vocalist Rosi Amador, Sol Y
Canto is a seven piece band rooted deeply in the traditional music of
Latin America but with a pop sensibility that makes those traditions
immediately accessible to Norte Americanos.

The members come from Puerto Rico, Panama, Venezuela, Chile and the
U.S., and the styles represented on this disc reflect that diversity of
background.  Familiar styles such as the samba and tango are here, along
with Cuban son, Puerto Rican plena, Costa Rican cancion and a range of
others.  Underlying everything is a nod to the contributions of Africa
to the rhythms of Latin music.

The opening track, "Tambor y Guitarra," is a Brian Amador composition
paying explicit tribute to the blend of Yoruba drums and Gypsy guitars
that provided the root for the multibranched tree of South American and
Caribbean musical styles Sol Y Canto draws from.  The rest of the disc
displays many of those branches in both traditional and contemporary
settings.  I am especially fond of the impressive job Rosi Amador does
in interpreting the familiar "Gracias a la Vida (Thanks To Life)"

I'm fond of the whole disc, in fact - eleven beautiful performances of
eleven beautiful songs.  If you see it, snag it.

Track List:

Tambor y Guitarra * Que Bonita Luna * Pregonera * Gracias a la Vida *
Ijexa (Filles de Ghandi) * Zamba del Grille * En Esta Tarde Gris * Sol a
Caminar * Bulerjas del Charco * En Mi Viejo San Juan * Alejandro's Ghost



THE SPENT IDOLS: Spent City Rockets (1+2/Get Hip)
Reviewed by DJ Johnson

Raw, snotty, infectious punk that sounds like authentic 77-style because
they were alive and kickin' as a unit in those storied times.  They broke
up in '82, got back together in '92, and they only seem to have missed a
few beats since.

Spent Idols are into straight forward punk with no effects: just guitar,
bass, drums and vocals, using vintage tube amps to get a warm distortion.
It works.  Songs like "Emotional Wreck" and "Treat Me Like A Dog" nearly
qualify the band for enshrinement in the Iggy Hall Of Fame.  Energy that
leaps from the tone is somewhat subverted by vocals that sound a little...
spent?  Maybe it's just the picture on the back cover that has me concerned
about their health.  The FRONT cover pic is more fun to look at, because
Mike Spent looks like Huey Lewis all dressed up for Halloween.

All in all, this is a pretty good CD, but I think the fact that it IS a CD
is where the big problem starts: their sound is made for vinyl.  Take a nice
vintage fuzz-tone punk band, put 'em on a digital disc, and the warmth and
power are lost.  Some of it survived, but not enough.  It doesn't help that
this stuff seems to have been EQ'd to play through 1" AM radio speakers,
either.  No bottom end at all.  Get a turntable and see if this puppy comes
in vinyl.



JOE TEX: The Very Best Of (Rhino)
Reviewed by DJ Johnson

Throughout the second half of the 1960s and just into the 70s, Joe Tex recorded
some of the most satisfying soul music there ever was or ever will be.  Joe had
a strong and highly animated voice, thanks to years and years of singing gospel
music in churches in his native Navasota, Texas.  When he moved to New York
City to record with the tough east coast players, the combination proved magic.
His boyish good looks didn't hurt, either, as he soon became quite popular with
swooning ladies all across America.

Tex's chart debut, "Hold What You've Got," leads off this 16-song CD.  If its
eventual #2 position on the R&B charts surprised Tex and company, it's #5
ranking on the pop charts must have just about floored them.  After many
failures, he was an "overnight success," and a crossover success at that.
Other hits followed, and they're here: "You've Got What It Takes," "One Monkey
Don't Stop No Show," "I Want To (Do Everything For You)," "The Love You Save
(May Be Your Own)," "A Sweet Woman Like You," and the strange "I Believe I'm
Gonna Make It."  Sung from the perspective of a U.S. soldier in Vietnam, the
lyric surprised quite a few people: "When I got your letter, baby - I was in a
foxhole on my knees	- And your letter brought me so much strength - I raised
up and got two more enemies."

After a few more soul hits, like the classic "Skinny Legs And All," Tex moved
toward funk and damned nearly pulled off a chart-sweep when "Gotcha" reached
#1 R&B and #2 pop in 1972.  He followed with "You Said A Bad Word," a long
drop to #12 R&B and #41 pop.

The last track on this collection is by far the weakest.  Like many performers
in the 70s, he had to go and make a disco record!  Damn.  "Ain't Gonna Bump No
More (With No Big Fat Woman)" contains none of the magic that set Joe Tex apart
from his contemporaries in the 60s.  It's more an indictment of the times than
a criticism of Tex that the song reached #7 R&B and #12 pop.  And I suppose
that lofty chart performance is why the song is here, but it sticks out like a
sore thumb next to all these brilliant R&B tunes.  Thank God for programmable
CD players.  That aside, this is a great little collection of important music
packaged with informative liner notes and a few cool photographs.  Oh, and the
running time is 46 minutes.  42 and a half, without the final track.  Well, I'm
just saying...



VARIOUS ARTISTS: The Crime Scene (Capitol)
(Disc 7 in the Ultra-Lounge series)
Reviewed by DJ Johnson

I suspect this might be a guy thing, generally.  This is for those of you who,
like me, rewind the James Bond flicks three or four times to hear the theme
song, watch two minutes of TV per night just to hear the Mission Impossible
theme, and think Bogie was the greatest actor in the history of the silver
screen.

This is far and away my favorite CD in Capitol Records' Ultra-Lounge series.
While these aren't the original recordings as found on the soundtracks to
all those great movies and TV shows, there's a damned good reason to check
this CD out: the music is somehow BETTER than the originals!  In some cases,
you can't tell it's not the original.  In other cases, the music is far more
"swingin' and cool."  "Peter Gunn Suite" is just a little bit more on the bra
hooks, and "Dragnet" swings in a way that would irritate the hell out of Joe
Friday.  This is great stuff!  Nelson Riddle's version of "The Untouchables"
is so swank you'll be picturing Robert Stack busting up stills while wearing
a silk dinner jacket!

My vote for favorite moment is split.  "The James Bond Theme" just pushes all
of my childhood superspy fantasy buttons--I openly confess to taking a
hairbrush, aiming it like a gun and watching my shadow on the wall while this
track was playing--making it very hard to vote against it.  But there's a kinky
moment that can't be topped, one I'm sure they never intended to be anything
more than a novelty track: "Music To Be Murdered By" begins with the music from
Alfred Hitchcock's television series.  Suddenly, there's Hitch himself, talking
about this "mood music in a jugular vein."  After inviting you to sit back,
listen to the music and relax "until the coroner comes," Hitch takes his leave,
and Jeff Alexander's orchestra runs through about three and a half minutes of
that wonderful atmospheric music that usually signals the murderer to begin
slashing.  The hair on the back of your neck will be standing!  The high
definition 20-bit sound treatment enhances this effect.  Consider yourself
warned.

Don't get pissed off at me for saying it's a guy thing, please.  I'm sure
there are plenty of women who get goosebumps at the sound of "The James
Bond Theme," though maybe for different reasons than the guys do.  All I know
for certain is that every male I've even mentioned this new CD to has wanted
information in a big hurry.  The number one question?  What's on it, man!?
Here ya go, guys.

Track List:

Dragnet/Room 43 (Ray Anthony) * I Spy (Earle Hagen) * Thinking Of Baby (Elmer
Bernstein) * From Russia With Love (Count Basie) * Big Town (Laurindo Almeida
& the Danzeneros) * Man With The Golden Arm (Billy May) * The Untouchables
(Nelson Riddle) * The James Bond Theme (Leroy Holmes) * Mission: Impossible
(Billy May) * Harlem Nocturne (Spike Jones New Band) * Walk On The Wild Side
(Si Zentner) * Mister Kiss Kiss Bang Bang (Elliot Fisher) * The Wild Ones
(Lou Busch) * Staccato's Theme (Elmer Bernstein) * Search For Vulcan (Leroy
Holmes) * Peter Gunn Suite (Ray Anthony) * The Silencers (Vickie Carr) *
Music To Be Murdered By (Jeff Alexander and Alfred Hitchcock)



VARIOUS ARTISTS: Doo Wop Box II (Rhino)
Reviewed by DJ Johnson

Did you know that doo wop was the indie music of the 50's?  Iiiiiiit's true!
At first, major labels wouldn't associate themselves with black music.  When
a major put out a doo wop song, it was usually a white (read: very very)
group covering a black group's song, and the producer made damned good and
sure any rough edges were whittled down to a safe and smooth surface.  The
classic test is to compare The Crew Cuts' squeaky-clean version of "Sh-boom"
to The Chords' original (and much ballsier) version.  Real doo wop music had
passion.  Here's another little bit of trivia for you: they didn't call it
"doo wop."  It was called "vocal music.  "Doo wop" is a label that didn't
exist until the 70's.  Iiiiiit's true!

Rhino Records put out a wonderful set a year or two back called The Doo Wop
Box, which overflowed with 101 of the world's greatest vocal tracks.  There
were only a few problems with that set.  First, too many of the tracks had
been released a zillion times on compilation albums and CDs.  We're talking
about the stuff you hear on oldies stations every day.  It's hard to produce
a boxed set of doo wop music and ignore most of those tracks, though.  Let's
face it, they're popular because they're spectacular songs.  Another common
complaint was that the set leaned heavily toward the Right Coast.  New York
City was, of course, the hub of doo wop activity and the home of many of the
most important groups.  So the first boxed set was a wonderful introduction
to the genre, but it desperately cried out for a volume two.  Well, guess
what!

Doo Wop Box II has arrived, and in many ways, it's superior to its
predecessor.  It covers far more geographical ground.  It includes many
songs you've never heard.  It includes many GROUPS you've never heard OF!
And it does all this without dredging the bottoms of any barrels.  Once
again, the magic number is 101.  One hundred and one outstanding vocal
group recordings spanning the twelve year period from 1951 to 1963.  The
four CDs are broken up in groupings of 1951-1955, 1955-1957, 1957-1960, and
1960-1963, making it easy to follow the evolution of the genre.  Trust me,
you can lose track of time studying the music on this set!  This is
enchanting and engrossing stuff.

I'll close this review with a track list so you can get the full picture,
but first I'd like to thank whoever put this together for a few of my favorite
moments.  After years of listening to Dan Aykroid (as Elwood Blues) doing
a pretty fine job on the ultra-quirky "Rubber Biscuit," I was totally jazzed
to hear the original by The Chips.  And after years of only knowing one tune
by The Moonglows ("Sincerely")--primarily because that seems to be all any
radio station or CD compiler wants to play--I was knocked out to hear "Secret
Love," discovering along the way that they were as good as I'd originally
thought them to be.  There are a lot of fun and unusual tunes here, like
"Ling Ting Tong" (The Five Keys), "Chop Chop Boom" (The Danderliers), "Rip
Van Winkle" (The Devotions),  "Arabia" (The Delco's), "Oh Gee Oh Gosh" (The
Kodoks), and "Babalu's Wedding Day" (The Eternals).  I'm glad Rhino has a
sense of humor.  The kinky tracks balance the lovey-dovey tracks perfectly.

This is a great package.  The excellent liner notes include a technical
instruction in doo wop singing by Tim Hauser of The Manhattan Transfer,
a non-apologetic apology for the sound quality being TOO good (and it
actually is pretty damned good, considering the age of the source tapes),
detailed information about the groups and the tracks, and a highly amusing
one page piece entitled "How The Record Industry Works - Chapter 27:
Repackaging."  The whole package is outstanding, from the music to the
liners.  Score another KO for Rhino, champion of the boxed sets.

TRACK LIST:

DISC ONE: My Reverie (The Larks) * Fool Fool Fool (The Clovers) * Where Are
You (Now That I Need You) (The Mello-Moods) * Is It A Dream (The Vocaleers) *
I Love You So (The Crows) * Baby It's You (The Spaniels) * Marie (The Four
Tunes) * My Saddest Hour (The Five Keys) * A Thousand Stars (The Rivileers) *
Darling Dear (The Counts) * Secret Love (The Moonglows) * Dear One (The
Scarlets) * Hey Senorita (The Penguins) * Oop Shoop (Shirley Gunter and the
Queens) * Ling Ting Tong (The Five Keys) * Smoke From Your Cigarette (The
Mellows) * The Door Is Still Open (The Cardinals) * Lonely Nights (The
Hearts) * Heaven And Paradise (Don Julian & The Meadowlarks) * Chop Chop Boom
(The Danderliers) * Life Is But A Dream (The Harptones) * Soldier Boy (The
Four Fellows) * Smokey Joe's Cafe (The Robins) * Crazy For You (The
Heartbeats) * I'll Be Forever Loving You (The El Dorados)

DISC TWO: You Baby You (The Cleftones) * Eddie My Love (The Teen Queens) *
Ruby Baby (The Drifters) * Zoom (The Cadillacs) * The Woo Woo Train (The
Valentines) * Up On The Mountain (The Magnificents) * A Kiss From Your Lips
(Flamingos) * Ka-Ding Dong (The G-Clefs) * My Prayer (The Platters) * Castle
In The Sky (The Bop-Chords) * The Angels Sang (The Solitaires) * Pretty
Little Girl (The Monarchs) * The ABC's Of Love (Frankie Lymon & the
Teenagers) * Rubber Biscuit (The Chips) * You Gave Me Peace Of Mind (The
Spaniels) * Guided Missles (The Cuff-Links) * Over The Mountains, Cross The
Sea (Johnnie & Joe) * Glory Of Love (The Velvetones) * Rang Tang Ding Dong
(I Am The Japanese Sandman) (The Cellos) * United (The Love Notes) * To The
Aisle (The Five Satins) * Mr. Lee (The Bobbettes) * Can I Come Over Tonight
(The Velours) * Let's Start All Over Again (The Paragons) * Peanuts (Little
Joe & The Thrillers) * That's My Desire (The Channels)

DISC THREE: Could This Be Magic (The Dubs) * Zoom Zoom Zoom (The Collegians) *
The Things I Love (The Fidelity's) * Oh Gee Oh Gosh (The Kodoks) * Two People
In The World (The Imperials) * Stormy Weather (The Spaniels) * You're So
Fine (The Falcons) * Dedicated To The One I Love (The Shirelles) * This I
Swear (The Skyliners) * Island Of Love (The Sheppards) * Love Potion No. 9
(The Clovers) * Bad Girl (The Miracles) * Believe Me (Royal Teens) * Canadian
Sunset (The Impacts) * Babalu's Wedding Day (The Eternals) * The Bells Of
Rosa Rita (The Admirations) * Darling Lorraine (The Knockouts) * Where Or
When (Dion & the Belmonts) * Let It Please Be You (The Desires) * I Only
Want You (The Passions) * Barbara (The Temptations) * Step By Step (The
Crests) * Rendezvous With You (The Desires) * Diamonds And Pearls (The Paradons)

DISC FOUR: Once In A While (The Chimes) * Valarie (Starlites) * To Be Loved
(Forever) (The Pentagons) * In My Heart (The Timetones) * Those Oldies But
Goodies (Remind Me Of You) (Little Caesar & the Romans) * Heart And Soul (The
Cleftones) * Lover's Island (The Blue-Jays) * Pretty Little Angel Eyes (Curtis
Lee) * When We Get Married (The Dreamlovers) * Runaround (The Regents) * Look
In My Eyes (The Chantels) * I Really Love You (The Stereos) * Heartaches (The
Marcels) * Duke Of Earl (Gene Chandler) * Rip Van Winkle (The Devotions) *
What's Your Name (Don & Juan) * I Found A Love (The Falcons & Band [Ohio
Untouchables]) * I Love You (The Volume's) * You Belong To Me (The Duprees) *
What Time Is It (Jive Five) * Arabia (The Delco's) * Play Those Oldies, Mr.
Dee Jay (Anthony & the Sophomores) * Memories Of El Monte (The Penguins) *
Don't Leave Me Baby (The Camelot's) * Till Then (The Classics)



VARIOUS ARTISTS: Macro Dub Infection Volume 2 (Gyroscope/Virgin)
Reviewed by Keith Gillard

Macro Dub Infection Volume 2 (hereafter referred to as MDI2) is a 2 CD
collection of 24 tracks of instrumental ambient electronica, only about
half of which can definitely be labelled as "dub."  As for the rest of the
material, "dub" seems to be stretching it a bit thin, as the disc represents
breakbeat, house, hip hop, tribal, techno, and drum'n'bass.  However, most
of the material in MDI2 is good, and it generally works well as a whole.

The difficulty in reviewing a compilation, particularly one with this many
artists, is that quality can range extremely from one track to the next.
Thankfully, most of the material on MDI2 is good.  Some of it is great, but
a couple of tracks could have (and should have) been left off the collection
altogether.

High points: Bill Laswell's "Sacred system dub" is definitively dub: a slow,
swung, bass-heavy groove with reggae highlights and psychedelic effects.
Bill Laswell always hits hard, whether just as a bassist or in his band
Material (check out their Hallucination Engine album).  Rhys Chatham and
Martin Wheeler also score well for the dub groove of "Altesse," featuring
some Miles Davis-style trumpet, and a fantastic breakdown.  The mix
alternates between sexy and heavy, swimming and grinding, and has a
satisfying ending.

"Keen As Mustard" by Plug, starts off as a hip-hop groove, but quickly heads
for drum'n'bass breakbeat territory, slamming rhythms underscoring various
disturbing atmospheres.  This piece even features a melody in sections,
which makes for a nice change.  Tao's "Esoteric Red" is also a groove of
the first order, hard-hitting breakbeat with fantastic fills and plenty of
interesting sounds weaved in and out of the mix.

You can't help but be impressed with Alec Empire's ability to push distorted
breakbeat far beyond the breaking point with "When you've reached your peak."
This hard disc masterpiece could have been improved by being shorter, but it
pushes the medium further and heavier than I've ever heard before.  The
tribal rhythms of "Psycho-system" by Eardrum are a refreshing break from the
rest of the material, in a 6/4 groove, and played on real hand drums.

Gedulah Vs. Cheesecake also do well at surprising the listener with nicely
recorded distortion wah-wah guitar on "El-qadim."  The atmospheres and
breaks in this piece are beautiful and unpredictable.  Another really
heavy-hitting track is "Rat day" by Bio Muse.  The drums pound in a
merciless rock groove, with a busy bass line underneath aggro environments.
"Shot in the head" by Third Eye Foundation hits equally hard, but with a
hyperactive jungle groove layered under soprano sax.

Low points:  Him's "Liquid boy" features cool sounds, but they don't go
anywhere.  The bass sounds like it was recorded through an old mattress.
Repetition is an essential element of dub, but there must be variation for
the repetition to be effective.  Here, the only variation comes in the form
of rather predictable breakdowns, which are in themselves repetitive.

"Flump" by Skull...  Well, I don't think I can say anything nice about this
track, so I'd best not say anything at all.  Oh, one good thing: It's short.
When The Disciples meet The Rootsman in "Conscious Yout," I almost expect to
hear Gary Clail singing.  Except the mix doesn't sound as fat as Clail's.
However, it still uses the thin, dated sounds Clail used on his work five
years ago.

The packaging scores high points for art directions and very low points for
readability.  The back cover lists the artists, but not the track names.
The inset does provide information on each artist, but it is so difficult
to read that one has to question if it was intended to be read at all.  At
least the contact information for each artist is easily readable.

Overall, MDI2 is a pleasing collection of '90's dub and near-dub (and some
non-dub never-dub) pieces, with heavy bass, heavy beats, and psychedelic
atmospheres.

Songwriting: 6/10
Production:	8/10
Performance: 8/10
Overall: 7/10

Check out the Gyroscope webpage for more information at http://www.gyrorec.com.



VARIOUS ARTISTS: Message to Love: The Isle of Wight Festival 1970
(Columbia Legacy)
Reviewed by Steve Marshall

Message to Love is a compilation of performances from the third (and final)
Isle of Wight festival. The shows took place over three days on a tiny
island off the coast of England. Eventually, the festival became known as
'the British Woodstock.' The lineup reads like a veritable who's who of
musicians of the time. The festival included sets from The Who, The Doors,
Jimi Hendrix, Emerson Lake & Palmer, Joni Mitchell, Free, Miles Davis, The
Moody Blues, and many more--an eclectic lineup, to say the least. Sadly, at
least eight of the musicians who performed at this historic event are no
longer with us.

On a positive note, the performances and sound quality on the CDs are
spectacular. The first disc starts with Free's textbook version of  "All
Right Now," then moves into Jethro Tull's rocking "My Sunday Feeling."
Kris Kristofferson's rendition of his classic "Me and Bobby McGee" lacks
the power and vitality of Janis' version, but hey--he wrote it. Emerson
Lake & Palmer are up next and they turn in a blistering medley of three
songs, loosely based around Mussorgsky's Pictures at an Exhibition. In what
seems like an unusual segue, The Doors' mesmerizing version of "When the
Music's Over" rounds out the first disc.

The second disc gets off to a great start as The Who rip through "Young Man
Blues" and "Naked Eye." Their complete performance is also available now
(check out the review in last month's issue of Cosmik) and is essential
for all Who fans. Aside from the performances by Taste and Miles Davis,
the rest of the second disc is a mixed bag. Between Tiny Tim's warbling
on "There'll Always be an England," and Joan Baez's horrendous cover of
"Let it Be," you'll be thankful for programmable CD players. There is a
home video release planned for the spring.



VARIOUS ARTISTS: New England Teen Scene (Arf Arf)
Reviewed by DJ Johnson

ALERT: Vintage garage hounds (you know who you are) must have this CD.  The
music is incredible, the bands are obscure, the liners are excellent, and
Arf Arf didn't skimp on content: the running time is 78:38!

The bands represented here are The Morning After, Innkeepers, Roadrunners,
Terry & the Telstars, Underground Cinema, The Lonely Things, Lucky Charms,
Gay Blades, Emeralds, Tremblers, and my personal faves, Dry Ice.  I cannot
for the life of me figure out how that band didn't make it.  They certainly
had the song.  "Mary Is Alone" had the hooks, structure, and mystique that
should have made Dry Ice a huge success.  According to the liners, the band
was always right on the brink of "making it," but it never happened.  They
had been together since they were all 13 years old, and when the guitarist
was drafted, they hung it up.  Tragic.  There are 5 Dry Ice tracks here, and
all of them are wonderful, especially "Mary Is Alone" and "Lucy Mae."  By
the way, the bassist kicked butt.  A toast to John Marino, where ever he is.

Innkeepers' "Trella" is another track that somehow managed to miss the big
time despite a great feel and a vocal hook to die for.  The same is true
of Terry & The Telstars.  Y'know, it's true of almost all of this stuff!
How many discs of "local" obscure 60's bands have you bought only to find
that 90% of the bands didn't make it for good reasons?  This disc will NOT
be one of those.  These bands were as good or better than the ones that
"made it."

Most CDs have mystery tracks; unlisted songs or gags, usually popping up
after 20 minutes of silence, scaring you so bad you dump hot coffee in
your lap.  Instead, Arf Arf has included LISTED songs that have been
unearthed on unmarked studio tape reels.  Nobody knows who recorded them.
Now, while this is fun to listen to and speculate on, there's no
"undiscovered Beatles" tragedy among the four tracks.  The first band had
a little problem with timing, and the two instrumental tracks were obviously
unfinished vocal songs.  Still, fun stuff to hear.

Erik Lindgren's liner notes are highly informative, entertaining, and
sometimes sad.  Well, at least when he pointed out that one member of Dry
Ice later formed the horrible hard rock band ANGEL.  Clearly, Dry Ice was
his finest work.  The sound is a mixed bag, the best of it coming from
studio tapes, the worst from trashed 45's.  Garage collectors are used to
that, so it's a moot point.  The real point is that this is one of the
coolest CDs of 1996. (ARF ARF: P.O. Box 465, Middleborough, MA. 02346 USA)



VARIOUS ARTISTS: Nova Bossa: Red Hot On Verve (Verve/PolyGram)
Reviewed by Keith Gillard

A couple of Cosmiks back, I reviewed a disc called Red Hot + Rio, a
tribute to the Brazilian pop jazz sound, of which Antonio Carlos Jobim was
the founder.  It featured modern artists doing their versions of classic
tracks penned by Jobim and his contemporaries.

Now, Verve has released a companion disc, Nova Bossa, which features many
of the tracks from Red Hot + Rio in their original versions.  More than
that, it is an album of landmarks in the Brazilian scene, beginning with
1959's "Black Orpheus," into the seventies with Sergio Mendes.

I have always had a soft spot for Astrud Gilberto.  Her thin, naive,
emotional voice reaches the listener very deep inside, her unusual
intonation and accent highlighting the melancholy of the lyrics.  She
appears on three of the tracks on Nova Bossa: "Agua de Beber" (featuring
Tom Jobim himself on guitar), "The Girl From Ipanema" (the Getz/Gilberto
original), and "Corcovado" (the second version by Getz and Gilberto).  These
recordings have been lovingly remastered, and her voice sounds just as
pretty and sad as it did thirty years ago.

Other great Jobim compositions which appear include "Insensatez" by Stan
Getz and Luiz Bonfa, featuring a lovely vocal performance from Maria Toledo.
"Surfboard" also appears in its original form, released by Roberto Menescal
e Seu Conjunto.  I had not previously heard this version, and was surprised
by how closely Stereolab's version resembled it!  No Brazilian compilation
would be complete without "Desafinado," Jobim's heartfelt love song which
apologizes for his singing voice.  The version here is by Stan Getz and
Charlie Byrd.  Rounding out the Jobim compositions is a vocal performance
by Tom himself, along with Elia Regina, singing "Aguas de Marco."

Other stand-out tracks include Walter Wanderley's "Bicho Do Mato," and Tamba
Trio's "Mas Que Nada," both penned by Jorge Ben.  "Bicho Do Mato" takes
organ music to the height of cheesiness, making no apologies and taking it
all the way.  Fantastic!  As for "Mas Que Nada," this is a very nice
version, but nobody does this track like Sergio Mendes.

The Sergio Mendes track which does appear on this disc is "After Sunrise."
It seems an odd choice to represent Mendes.  However, Mendes did most of
his recording for A&M, not Verve, and this may just be the most representative
track for his Verve recordings.  Although this is a very nice track and is
arranged in Mendes' characteristic style, it does not adequately indicate
the quality of most of his work.

The low point of the disc comes with Ceatano Veloso's "Superbacana" and
Gilberto Gil's "Aquele Abraco."  "Superbacana" is a rock'n'roll track which
sounds vaguely like the Monkees in Portuguese.  "Aquele Abraco" also seems
to be more of pop than jazz.  I don't mean to imply that these tracks are
poor; they are merely out of place on a disc which otherwise highlights the
Brazilian crossover of jazz and pop.

The packaging for Nova Bossa is beautiful, too.  It has obviously been
designed by the same team as Red Hot + Rio, taking the same visual style
and icons.  The covers are perfect companions, and the "Wired" style of
text layout makes the booklet an interesting (if difficult) read.  My only
complaint is that the lyrics were not included as they were with the Red
Hot + Rio disc.

Overall, this disc makes the best introduction to the Brazilian pop jazz
sound that I have found yet.  The cover says "Perfect for Romance," and it
is.  This disc would receive a perfect 10 out of 10 were it not for a couple
of questionable track choices in the second half.


Songwriting: 9/10
Production:	9/10
Performance: 10/10
Overall: 9/10

Check out the Verve webpage for more information, at
http://www.verveinteractive.com.



VARIOUS ARTISTS: Organs In Orbit (Capitol)
(Disc 11 in the Ultra Lounge series)
Reviewed by Shaun Dale

I'm not particularly swept up in the craze for Lounge, Exotica or
whichever label is being put on cheesy sounds of the 50's and 60's these
days, but I'm a sucker for the sound of a Hammond organ.  You could play
"Chopsticks" through a Leslie speaker and I'd at least give it a listen.

This, the eleventh in Capitol's Ultra-Lounge series, is everything a
Hammond lover could hope for.  Ernie Freeman, Sir Julian, Walter
Wanderly and the others here may not be household names, but they
produced some fine music in primarily cool jazz settings.  The overtones
here are pop Latin rather than, say, the blues of Hammond master Jimmy
Smith, but from the opening notes of the Ernie Freeman Combo's rendition
of the Ray Charles classic "Rockhouse" I knew I'd found my niche in the
world of Exotica.

There are a number of familiar tunes here - "Movin' At Midnight" by Sir
Julian, "The Third Man Theme" by the Don Baker Trio and "Perfidia" by
Jackie Davis are among my favorites - and some less familiar - at least
I'd never heard the John Buzon Trio's "Mr. Ghost Goes To Town" - but
there are no real clunkers.  Sure, some are cheesier than others, but
isn't that at least part of the point of the Cocktail Culture scene?

There's a cut here by Loungemeister Martin Denny to pacify the purists
and one by Comiskey Park ballpark organist Shay Torrent.  There's even a
bluesy track by the Ernie Freeman Combo ("Fever/Comin' Home Baby) that
*almost* catches that Jimmy Smith groove.

Mostly, there's a lot of enjoyment.  This music was created to entertain
by players who were more concerned with entertaining than riding the cutting
edge of anything, and they generally succeeded.

And, hey, maybe it is hip to get hep...


Track List:

Rockhouse - The Ernie Freeman Combo * Ill Wind - The John Buzon Trio *
The Girl From Ipanema/Meditation - Denny McClain * Love is Just Around
the Corner - Jackie Davis * Movin' at Midnight - Sir Julian * Voce E Eu
- Walt Wanderly * Lil' Darlin' - The Joe Bucci Trio * Patricia - Billy
May & His Orchestra * The Third Man Theme - The Don Baker Trio * A Man
and A Woman - Sir Julian * Mr. Ghost Goes to Town - The John Buzon Trio
* Laura/More - Denny McClain * Perfidia - Jackie Davis * The Late, Late
Show - Milt Buckner * Fever/Comin' Home Baby - The Ernie Freeman Combo *
Flying Fiddles - Shay Torrent * Song of the Bayou - Martin Denny *
Enchanted Farm - The Forbidden Five



VARIOUS ARTISTS: Punk-O-Rama Vol. 2 (Epitaph)
Reviewed by DJ Johnson

Epitaph rolls out its second sampler of red hot punk rock just in time for
the Christmas shopping frenzy--which will have mercifully passed by the time
you read this review--with a 5 dollar price tag that should make it a very
popular item indeed.  That's one of the best things about samplers.  Bang
for the buck.  Here, for instance, you get 17 tracks by 17 bands...for 5
dollars.  Dr. Economy says: AMAZING buy at .34 cents per track!  We're not
talking about throwaway tracks, either.  Down By Law's "Gruesome Gary" is
one of the coolest songs on their latest album, All Scratched Up.  Bad
Religion's "Give You Nothing" and The New Bomb Turks' "Jukebox Lean" are
hot enough to melt Leona Helmsley's diaphragm.  Sure, they could have given
us a better Descendents track than "Coffee Mug," or at least a longer one
(it clocks in at a breathtaking 34 seconds), but they've packed this disc
with rippers by The Humpers, T.S.O.L., Rancid, SNFU, Pennywise, Voodoo Glow
Skulls and others, including the band with the name you've gotta love, Me
First and the Gimme Gimme's.  They've also included a track by one of my
latest faves, Pulley.  Be sure to check out "Cashed In," and then go get
their record!  They're hot.  So there you have it.  Nobody can bitch at
you for spending your money on this CD.  Hell, it's a sound economical move!



VARIOUS ARTISTS: Strictly The Best Eighteen (VP)
Reviewed by Shaun Dale

If one of your musical fantasies involves a stroll through a Kingston
street listening to the sound of new reggae hits pouring out of
storefronts and the speakers of sidewalk DJ's, filling your ears with
the full variety of styles and sounds released day to day in the
Jamaican recording scene, then VP's "Strictly The Best" series might be
what you're looking for.

On the eighteenth volume of the series you'll get dub flavored stylings
from Ambelique, lover rock sounds from Beres Hammond, Cutty Ranks
toasting over the raw silk vocals of Cocoa Tea, the conscious riddims of
Israel Vibration and much, much more.  These fifteen tracks from a
variety of the best artists, producers and labels in reggae will surely
provide something to satisfy any Jamaican music jones.

There's always so much happening in the Jamaican scene that keeping in
touch, let alone keeping up, is a Herculean task, but these collections
make it conceivable, if still not easy.  Three artists I hadn't heard,
but will watch out for, appear here - the aforementioned Ambelique,
Sanchez and Singing Melody.  There are also enough of my favorites to
put the newer names in a positive context.

Now all I have to do is catch up on the other 17 volumes...

Track List:

Over You - Beres Hammond * Young Hearts Run Free - Pam Hall * Taxi -
Ambelique * Waiting In Vain - Cocoa Tea & Cutty Ranks * Alli Alli Ho -
Mikey Spice * Hit & Run - Dennis Brown * That Girl - Maxi Priest &
Shaggy * Lift Up Your Head - Everton Blender * Rude Boy Shufflin -
Israel Vibration * Cry No More - Robert French. Jeff Redd & Grand Puba *
If Only You Knew * Marcia Griffiths & Mikey Spice * Feel Secure -
Freddie McGregor * Penny Lover - Ambelique * Feel So Real - Sanchez *
Someone To Hold - Singing Melody



VARIOUS ARTISTS: Swingers (soundtrack) (Hollywood)
Reviewed by DJ Johnson

Y'know, I haven't seen the movie, but I've seen the fallout from frustrated
lounge fans who went expecting to see a movie that had some connection with
the current lounge revival.  They're pissed.  They think it was a dirty
trick to use this music in the soundtrack if there wasn't some thread in
the storyline about the revival.  On the other hand, I've also heard that
the film is pretty good.

Okay, we're done talking about the movie now.  Let's talk about the CD.

If you're one of Cosmik's core readers--on of the lucky people who like a
wide variety of music--this eclectic collection will make your week.  Some
of the music is decidedly loungy, such as Dean Martin's "You're Nobody Till
Somebody Loves You" and "With Plenty Of Money And You" by Count Basie and
Tony Bennett.  While the overall vibe is consistent, the genres are jumped
left and right.  King Floyd's 1970 soul classic, "Groove Me," feels just
right all jumbled up with tracks like "Knock Me A Kiss" (Louis Jordan) and
"King Of The Road" (Roger Miller).  Once that precedent has been set, it
seems only natural that a great country song like "She Thinks I Still Care"
(George Jones) should coexist with great modern lounge music by Jazz Jury
and Big Bad Voodoo Daddy.  Closing with Bobby Darin's "I'm Beginning To See
The Light" was a great idea; the perfect end to a near perfect CD.



WAR: The Best Of War And More Vol. 2 (Avenue/Rhino)
Reviewed by DJ Johnson

Did any of you who bought The Best Of War And More think for one moment
there wouldn't be a Volume Two?  That was one incredible CD, but anyone
who had followed War through the 70s and 80s knew there were too many
important cuts that were conspicuously absent.  How could they leave "The
World Is A Ghetto" off?  My personal favorite, "Gypsy Man," wasn't there
either.  Well, I knew there'd be a Volume Two: I just didn't think it
would come six years after volume one.

The wait is over.  For the true War fans--the ones who could float away
on the exquisite sounds of their Platinum Jazz comp--this is even better
than volume one.  The tracks weren't chosen for their chart positions.
Clearly, this compilation was put together by persons concerned with
documenting the spiritual essence and strength of the band.  Yeah, "The
World Is A Ghetto" and "Gypsy Man" charted, and they are presented on this
CD, but they share a common vibe with the best of War's unheralded
material.  There's an emotional depth to this music, as well as a natural
multi-cultural groove straight from the streets of Compton.

Some of the material here is drawn from lesser known albums that deserved
to be heard.  "Youngblood (Livin' In The Streets)" and "Sing A Happy Song"
were culled from the soundtrack to the little-known film Youngblood.  (I
highly recommend that soundtrack, by the way.  Avenue and Rhino recently
rescued it from total obscurity and made it readily available on CD.)  The
Latin flavor that set War apart from other funk bands of their era is
evident throughout Volume Two.  "Hey, Senorita," from another obscure album,
Galaxy, combines that sound with an unusual vocal approach that I never
understood until now. In the liner notes, keyboardist Lonnie Jordan reveals
that the vocals were inspired by Crosby, Stills and Nash.  Interesting,
since War's own vocal harmony approach is just as unique and impressive
as CS&N's.

The first volume contained a remix of "Low Rider," and this volume follows
suit with a remix of "Spill The Wine."  It's interesting--especially the
reverb treatment on the lead vocals--but it's secondary to the main body
of music, which covers ground from the first album without Eric Burdon
(War - 1971) to their most recent studio effort (Peace Sign - 1994).  If
you thought "Why Can't We Be Friends" was War's best song, you might want
to take a pass on this one.  If you crave the darker groove, look no
further.  That's what War was really all about, and this CD does a hell of
a job of documenting that fact.

TRACK LIST:

Lonely Feeling * The World Is A Ghetto * Gypsy Man * Don't Let No One
Get You Down * Ballero * L.A. Sunshine * Hey Senorita * Youngblood
(Livin' In The Streets) * Sing A Happy Song * Good Good Feeling * Cinco
De Mayo * You Got The Power * Outlaw * Life Is (So Strange) * Peace
Sign * Spill The Wine (Remix)



THE WHO: The Who By Numbers / Who Are You (MCA)
Reviewed by Steve Marshall

MCA upgraded two more Who CDs last month: The Who By Numbers and Who Are
You. Both CDs have new liner notes, photos and bonus tracks. By Numbers is
a collection of introspective songs of self-examination written (mainly) by
guitarist/songwriter Pete Townshend after the band's 1973 Quadrophenia tour.
Even though it was never one of the band's biggest sellers, it yielded two
moderately successful singles: "Slip Kid" and "Squeeze Box." The sound
quality on the new disc is spectacular. Nicky Hopkins' guest piano work
never sounded so good. The highlights of this disc are the bonus tracks
from the widely acclaimed 1976 show at Swansea Football Grounds, two of
which are previously unreleased. The band was in rare form at this show.
John Entwistle's fluid bass runs on "Dreaming From the Waist" are nothing
less than astonishing. It's easy to hear how he got the nickname
"Thunderfingers."

If there was ever a CD that cried out for an overhaul, it was Who Are You.
The original MCA copies were muddy at best. Producers Jon Astley and Andy
Macpherson (who have been responsible for all the band's reissues) did an
amazing job on this disc. A few of the tracks are from different takes than
the original album, which has some diehard fans a bit disgruntled. For
those of us who have had Who Are You since its original release in 1978,
it's great, because now we have another version of the album. "Music Must
Change" features different guitar licks, "Trick of the Light" is longer,
and "Guitar and Pen" now has a different ending. Townshend's acoustic solo
on the title track is stunning. Like most of the band's reissues so far,
there are bonus tracks on Who Are You, and these are some of the best.
There's the rare 'lost verse mix' of the title track (featuring completely
different lyrics on the second verse), an obscure Who version of  "Empty
Glass," plus three more cuts for almost a full half hour of additional music.

If you're a Who fan--especially a fan of either of these two albums--don't
pass up the reissues. They sound better than ever.


----------------------------------------------------------------------------

COSMIK QUICKIES: Quick little reviews for people who are in a big hurry.



ARMENIANS ON 8TH AVENUE (Traditional Crossroads)
Reviewed by John Sekerka

In the fifties, traditional Armenian music ruled New York's 8th Avenue from
23rd to 42nd Streets. A vibrant scene included night clubs, restaurants and
general hang-outs, as this 'exotic' music drew crowds like flies. Who could
resist a shish-kebab and belly dancing? And when Sugar Mary would leap into
her hypnotic songs while playing the spoons, the audiences went wild. This
collection is the next best thing to a time travel machine.



THE BOSS MARTIANS: The Mortician/My Ford Sedan (Roto-Flex)
Reviewed by The Platterpuss

The top side is an instrumental that's OK if nothing all that special,
but I'm a whole lot more taken with the B-side, a hot-rod vocal number
that sounds like it could've been some old, obscure Rip Chords single.
While it may not be among their best work, this is still good enough to
spin every once in awhile. (PO Box 64252, Calgary AB, CANADA, T2K 6J1)



JOHNNY CASH: Unchained (American)
Reviewed by John Sekerka

So much for the promised sequel to the sparse and acoustic set of his last
record. Unchained brings in a full band (Tom Petty's Heartbreakers), but
continues to slip in surprises. How about covering Beck. Or Soundgarden, for
that matter. Sure, that's producer Rick Rubin's influence, but hell, this is
Johnny Cash, and Johnny Cash can do whatever the hell he wants. He still
wears black, and he still deadpans his vocals as if under duress, and he
still manages to thrill after all these years. When Cash ends the record
with 'I've Been Everywhere,' you know he ain't just pissin' in the wind.



THE CHEESE: Flip Your Lid  (Curb)
Reviewed by John Sekerka

The Cheese think a lot of themselves. They play big brash classic rock like
they're stuck in a Led Zeppelin/Golden Earring groove, wear clothes from the
late sixties, and pose for pictures like the Stones used to. Guess it doesn't
hurt that the singer looks a bit like Kurt Cobain, but really, is this any
basis to launch a record career on? Against their wishes, these poseurs will
die the slow death of apathy, unless someone puts 'em out of our misery and
cuts The Cheese.



THE DICTATORS: I Am Right/Loyolla (Norton)
Reviewed by The Platterpuss

There's nothing like having a little self confidence and on "I Am Right"
Handsome Dick & the boys have more than enough to go around. It's also one
of the nastiest and meanest put-down songs I've ever heard, just perfect
for letting out a little venom. "Loyolla" is an old Dictators classic and
even though they do it's a lot slower than the more familiar Vacant Lot
version, I still dig it a whole bunch.  (PO Box 646, Cooper Station, NYC
NY 10003)



ELECTRIC FRANKENSTEIN: Action High/Out There (Intensive Scare)
Reviewed by The Platterpuss

Fans of bands like The Humpers or Lazy Cowgirls are really gonna get of
on this little scorcher. Both sides of this come on like a herd of
speed-crazed buffalo and don't let up. "Action. High" might be the best
thing they've recorded so far. Get it.  (PO Box 142,  NYC NY 10002-0142)



THE KEN ARDLEY PLAYBOYS: Weve Got Ken (Lucky Garage)
Reviewed by John Sekerka

Paydirt! No doubt like moi, you been itchin anna scratchin with the fever
of anticipation. That scant seven inch teaser The Playboys prodded me with
a while back just wasn't enough. I needs the whole can of spam man! An' here
she be. 23 glorious tuneless attempts at music magic as the Boys wrassle
their arhythmic genetic make-up (they're British) to squonk out true
spirited rock that'll irk Fall fans to no end. Of special note is an
inspired German reading of 'The Model' and a psychodelic version of 'Fool
On The Hill'. As a bonus there's a bunch of goodies stuffed in the package
and a wonderful hit and run Jack Terrier story.. If this ain't the record
of the year then at least it's in the top 10,000. And as the title
suggest, not only Ken These Boys Ardley Play, but they Ken Ardley spell.



LUSTOSLAWSKI: Symphony No. 2; Little Suite (Mala Suite); Symphonic Variations;
Concerto for Piano and Orchestra. Polish National Radio Symphony Orchestra
(Katowice) conducted by Antoni Wit; Piotr Paleczny, Piano. NAXOS 8.553169
[DDD] 77:26
Reviewed by Robert Cummings

Witold Lustoslawski (1913-1994) wrote Symphonic Variations (1938) and Little
Suite (1950-51) in a colorful, accessible, and, I can't avoid noting, a
quasi-American style that seemed to augur Bernstein. Oh, there's plenty of
Slavic music in these works, but Slavic music yearning at times for the
glamour of Broadway. The Symphony No. 2 (1965-67) is a difficult work from
the listener's standpoint, the Piano Concerto (1987) somewhat less so.
Pianist Paleczny, not as intense as Zimerman on DG, turns in a thoughtful,
vital account. Maestro Wit and his Polish group deliver idiomatic performances
of all the works. The sound is excellent and the copious notes (twelve pages!)
contain valuable information on the composer and works. Recommended.



MC5: Teen Age Lust (Total Energy/Alive)
Reviewed by John Sekerka

Recorded live on New Year's Day 1970, this document sums up what the MC5
were all about. It shows 'em kickin' out the jams on a smattering of
scorching numbers which sound pathetically dilute on studio versions, and
slog through material which used to crackle with spirit but has lost much
lustre. MC5 were all potential, never managing to put it all together in
one cohesive fireball. This surprisingly clear recording (for that time)
comes close to capturing a real feel of the band when they were just coming
down fro their peak.



MESSIAEN: Eclairs sur l'Au-Dela. Sydney Symphony Orchestra conducted by
David Porcelijn. ABC CLASSICS 8.770011 [DDD] 61:36
Reviewed by Robert Cummings

This is an extraordinary performance of an extraordinary work! Messiaen
won't be to everyone's taste, though: his language here, while not nearly
as intractable as that of most atonal music of this age, is nonetheless
difficult in its gloomy, if fervent, religiosity and obsessive sonorities.
Les etoiles et la Gloire (track 8), the longest movement, is awesome in its
power, color, bird-evoking instrumental effects (as in the following
movement, as well), and climactic sense. The closing section, le Christ,
lumiere du Paradis (track 11), is hauntingly beautiful. Porcelijn and his
Sydney players demonstrate they are in the big leagues! Excellent notes and
sound. To Messiaen mavens and the adventurous, I can only say this disc must
be heard to be believed. Highest recommendations.



PEST 5000: (In-ter/a-bang/) (Derivative)
Reviewed by John Sekerka

I know I know, there are way too many bands out there employing the violin.
But I have a soft spot for Pest 5000. Y'see I remember listening to Genevieve
playing scales in her old Montreal apartment. She wasn't very good, and not
many bands looked kindly on the violin at that time. She got better, and now
the violin is almost a rock clich. Ah well. Genevieve plays violin for Pest
5000, but that's only part of the story. The fact is that much to my delight,
this little outfit have managed to slap down a very underivative record. No
mean feat in this cliquey alterno world. I've always taken to oddball sound
intrusions, so when a band employs a vacuum cleaner I have to be in their
corner. Like all meaningful records this one takes several dates to feel
comfortable with. (in-ter/a-bang/) may not be a masterpiece, but the band
is still young and growing, and the sky appears to be the limit.



SAINT-SAENS: Symphony No. 3 in C Minor, Op. 78 "Organ
Symphony"; Phaeton, Op. 39; Danse Macabre, Op. 40; Danse
Bacchanale from Samson Et Dalila, Act III. Pittsburgh Symphony
Orchestra conducted by Lorin Maazel; Anthony Newman, Organ.
SONY 53979 [DDD] 58:58
Reviewed by Robert Cummings

Here's a disc of popular Saint-Saens works, performed with deft skill and
genuine feeling, and interpreted with a keen insight that captures abundant
detail and plays up the gorgeous aspects of the symphony and the colorful
and exotic elements in the shorter works. Sony's transparent sound abets the
effort nicely. This should become a big seller, possessing all the right
ingredients, even including a big-name artist in the relatively unchallenging
organ part in the symphony. The Pittsburgh Symphony is an underrated ensemble
that, with the St. Louis Symphony Orchestra, should stretch that hallowed
top American five into the top seven. Recommended.



THE SATELLITERS: Hi Karate! (Dionysus)
Reviewed by DJ Johnson

Gritty and competent garage rawk that sounds like it's coming through
slightly blown speakers.  They kick off with a cover of "All Day And All
Of The Night" that is convincing, though it doesn't really cover any new
ground.  The better material follows.  "Blue Madness," "Prisonshake" and
"Return Of The..." are all drenched with the true spirit of garage, and
"Voodoo Dolls" is one of the gutsiest psychedelic tracks I've heard in a
long while.  All in all, a very nice approximation of a live show, raw
and honest, and nice and fuzzy.



THE SLOW SLUSHY BOYS: 4-song EP  (3M&P)
Reviewed by The Platterpuss

This French combo plays happy, upbeat, danceable Garage rock that kinda
reminds me of some of those early Kingsmen LPs. 3 of the tracks here are
originals and the fourth is a rollicking remake of the Dutch Outsiders
classic "Won't You Listen". Definitely worth picking up a pen & paper
(not to mention some cold cash) and sending away for.  (Fermo Posta,
37036 S. Martino B.A., Verona, ITALY)



THE VOLATILES: Fuck All Punk Rockers EP  (Rocco)
Reviewed by The Platterpuss

These guys play melodic punk that sometimes strays over a bit into hardcore
territory and fans of bands like Screeching Weasel and The Vindictives
oughta dig this in a pretty big way. With songs like "10 Lbs. Of Shit In
A 5 Lb. Bag", "I Was A Teenage Enemy OF The State" and the title track,
they, like their fellow aforementioned contemporaries, they get extra
points for not taking themselves too seriously. (PO Box 14781, Chicago
IL 60614-0781)


0110100101101001011100110110001001100101011011000110100101100101011101100101

BETWEEN ZERO & ONE
By Steven Leith



              DIGITAL VERSION OF THE SAME OLD TUNE?

The Internet and the home PC revolution has set the stage for some major
shifts in the way ordinary folks live and work. Technology's rapid change
makes me waver between fright and awe, but I don't waver in my underlying
assessment of the Internet and the Web.

History will spare few words on the fact that the Net existed, but it will
dwell on how we used it. That is the way it should be. No assessment of
the Web can be made without a survey of how we put this technology to work
and who it works for.

For me it boils down to the creative impulse. The Web will not be worth
my time if it is merely another bludgeon to beat the consumer into a
buying frenzy. It will be worth my time only if it offers me something
that I can't get from T.V. or other major media gate keepers.

What could be offered?  Admittedly it is hard to imagine something that
doesn't yet exist, but we can hint at what might be by looking at some
historic examples.

There have been notable alternatives to the price-per-product paradigm of
Western corporate philosophy. Think about public libraries, museums, and
concerts in the park. Envision universal public education. Embrace
universal democratic participation. The human song is not doled out via a
metered pricing structure as much as U.S. West may wish to argue the case.

It is too late to keep the dreck of homogenized product culture off the
Net, but it is not too late to vote with our feet and pocket books. Stay
away from over commercialized Web sites. Look for non-commercial ways to
get what you want on the Net. If you shop on the Net look for local
businesses. Support diverse products; shun the bland multinational brand
name imagery.

I do not advocate the elimination of all commercial aspects of the Net. I
merely advocate a balance. There is no balance on television and little
in the corporate press. That was our choice when we paid their price.
Let's make the right choice now. History is watching.


0110100101101001011100110110001001100101011011000110100101100101011101100101
		   	    Between  Zero  &  One
		      http://www.speakeasy.org/~leith/
			     leith@speakeasy.org

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

STUFF I NOTICED
By DJ Johnson

I was sitting cross-legged in the tall grass just minding my own business
when I first caught sight of it. A big snake making a fangs-first lunge
at my nose. A few thoughts went through my head: like how could I possibly
avoid this dangerous snake when he got such a good head start?  And what
the hell was a coward like me doing sitting on my butt in the middle of
snake country in the first place!?  So far, I've been lucky enough to wake
up every night before the snake makes contact, but it's still unsettling
as hell. I blame Roger.

Roger is the host of the stupidest show in the history of "educational TV."
It's called "Sssss," and it airs on The Discovery Channel. Now, I admit,
I'm asking for it simply by watching The Discovery Channel. After all, they
are the proud home of Shark Week--that yearly magical misery tour of sharp
teeth and deep wounds on the legs of hapless swimmers who, thank God, are not
me--and on any given night you can see any number of terrifying things from
plane crashes to lionesses that start with the zebra's testicles and work
toward the prime rib. So yes, my mere presence in front of the TV suggests
I'd have no legal claim, although I'd love to sue them for nightmarish
duress. Basically, I'm without legal recourse.

It was on again the other night. That damned Roger!  His job is chasing down
poisonous snakes and educating his viewers about the reptile's habits. The
problem is... the man is INSANE!  I miss Marlon Perkins--or was his name
Mutual Omaha? I can't remember--because he would stand a hundred yards
away from the dangerous critter of the week and point and whisper. I liked
that. I felt safe, sittin' there with my popcorn and Jolt Cola. Marlon, in
my estimation, was using his smarts. Not Roger!  No sir, that idiot runs
toward a snake, throws himself on the ground in front of it and stares!  His
face scant inches from certain death, Roger puts his hands behind his back
as if to trick the snake into thinking he's just a fellow snake dropping by
to borrow a cup of sugar. To my surprise, the snakes usually accept this
ditsy theory and let the man live.

On the most recent episode, Roger went for a walk in a swamp, submerged to
his nuts in murky water and reeds. He explained that the snakes he was
looking for were very deadly, and that they could be in the reeds, under
the water, or just about anywhere. And in large groups!  My first thought?
GET THE HELL OUT OF THE WATER, YOU YUTZ!  Not Roger. The look on his face
indicates, to me at least, that this guy gets his rocks off by being a thin
layer of skin away from death. When he finds the snake he's been looking
for, he picks it up!  A snake with enough venom to kill a small village!
PUT IT DOWN!  RUN AWAY!  Not Roger.

Then came the final straw. The big "oh bloody hell."  The snake that broke
the channel's back. Roger threw himself on the ground in front of a snake
that is said to possess the most deadly venom of all. Don't ask me what it
was: to me, all snakes are snakes. I don't wish to know ANY of them. So
there he was, face down on the ground, and this snake slithers over to his
face and licks his nose. Think about it. It went over and tasted the guy.
When it backed off a bit, Roger began babbling about how exciting this was.
At this point, I'm screaming at the TV!  I'm saying "BITE HIM!  KILL HIM!
MAKE HIM GO AWAY!"  The snake comes back for a second helping of nose, and
Roger is flushed with excitement. As he explains that a bite on the face is
the worst kind (because you can't get a compress on your face, I guess), I
suddenly remember how the remote works. Moments later, I'm watching Rhoda
on Nik At Nite.

And now I can't sleep. My life-long fear of snakes has been given a new
infusion of fuel. I hate Roger. Bad hate. I wish he'd take up in-line
skating on building ledges, but I hope Discovery doesn't film it. He's
easily the stupidest personality on television today. And so it is my
extreme pleasure to present him with the coveted Sharp Pointed Stick Award
for shameless fetishism in the public eye. Along with the award, I'm sending
Roger a rodent costume to help him up the odds. Have at it, snake boy.




---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   -
     %    @        ]]]]]]]]]]                . "          ~        +
               .      ]]]  ]] ]] ]]]]              ,
      ^         .     ]]]  ]]]]] ]]     <
                      ]]]  ]] ]] ]]]]                          &
           #          ]]]  ]] ]] ]]                  !              ^ |
     .                """  "" "" """"
                      ]]]]]   ]]]]  ]]]]   ]]]]]   ]]]]]]  ]]]]    -     \
    ~                 ]]  ]]  ]]    ]   ]  ]]   ]    ]]   ]    `    ?
               $      ]]   ]  ]]]]  ]]]]   ]] ]]     ]]    ]]]
    ~   `             ]]  ]]  ]]    ]   ]  ]]  ]]    ]]       ]         l
                      """""   """"  """""  ""   ""  """"   `""
                      ]]]]]  ]]]]]]  ]]]]  ]]     ]]]]]
 @            :       ]]       ]]    ]]    ]]     ]]  ]]           /
         +            ]]]]     ]]    ]]]]  ]]     ]]   ]     |
                      ]]       ]]    ]]    ]]     ]]  ]]      !
    :                 ""      """"   """"  """""  """""     +        .

             Random stuff for your entertainment.  Happy scrolling!




SUBSTITUTE TEACHING

Six hours of chaos
Loose cannons in puberty
With Attention Deficit Disorder
Packs of adrenaline coming at you
Like a terrorist offensive

"Canigotothebathroomcanigotomylockercanihaveadrinkofwater
idonthavemybookidonthaveanypaperourteachersaidwecouldplaywithliveammo..."

Was that an explosion
Or did a chair hit the ceiling?

Give them a cartoon
A movie
A video
Nintendo
Rap
SOMETHING
To suck on...

Who needs capital punishment?
Sentence the condemned
To some god-awful middle school
In the eternal seventh grade
Where sugar-buzzed gnomes
Dive bomb off the wall

Hell,
A prisoner would beg to be injected
Electrocuted
Gassed
Shot
Hanged
Guillotined
Even fed to wild piranha
Than endure THIS place
Where no one listens
Or brings their pencil
And heckles you like a circus mutant...

All the money spent on therapy
Spirituality
Holistic massage
Chakra alignment
Ethical treatment to rabid wolverines
GONE!!!

Wiped from the consciousness
By the primal rage
Triggered by twelve-year-old sociopaths


Copyright (c) Paul McDonald 1996
All Rights Reserved
Paul@louisville.lib.ky.us

		*			*			*

If a pilot flies over Baghdad and drops a bomb and wipes out a whole square
block with a lot of loss of life, and someone blows up a building in
downtown Oklahoma City, that there is no moral distinction between them.
There is no moral distinction between state sanctioned violence and
unsanctioned violence. If I was to go to somebody's house and throw an
incendiary through the window and set it on fire, and then shoot the people                                     
as they came out, they'd say that I was criminally insane and they'd lock
me up for a long time. Either that or they'd electrocute me. Exactly the
same behavior, precisely the same behavior is sanctioned by the state, as a
soldier can get you a medal or maybe elected to Congress.

U. Utah Phillips

		*			*			*

SMALL FACES

dir:  Gillies MacKinnon
players:  Iain Robertson, Joseph McFadden, Kevin McKidd                                                 
music:  heavy psychedelic rock circa 1968
reviewed by:  John Sekerka


Those expecting a Small Faces rockumentary will be sadly disappointed.
On to the show, as they say. The year is 1968. The place is Scotland. The
wild psychedelic guitar driven sounds propel the soundtrack. That's the
starting point. What Small Faces is really about is a precocious 13-year old
with two disparate brothers, caught in a nasty gang warfare. A strange but
not uncommon circumstance: children who grew up together as school mates have
grown apart and splintered into distinct factions, where violence is the
only means to an end. And while the older toughs are fighting in the streets,
young Lex MacLean, who should be inside pursuing his drawing abilities, gets
sucked into the fray and unwittingly stirs the pot to over-boiling
proportions. This is a raw and powerful story told with just the right
amount of comedic innocence. Something the Scots seem to be perfecting these
days.

                *                       *                       *

DISGUSTING RECIPE OF THE MONTH
Crisp Roasted Pig's Head

Ingredients:

1 Pig's head, cleaned and tongue removed
1 tsp. 5-spice powder                                                                           
2 tbsp. Salt
1/2 c. Mien see (ground brown bean sauce)
Or 1/2 c. Oyster sauce
1/4 c. Bourbon
 1 c. Honey, combined with
1 c. Boiling water

Instructions:

Remove any hair on head by singeing over and open flame or plucking. Scrub
well (using a vegetable brush, if desired) and then sprinkle with salt,
rubbing it into the skin. Rinse well with cool water; pat dry. Remove any
excess fat.

Place head in a colander in the sink and pour a kettleful of boiling water
over. Let cool.

Combine the 5-spice powder, salt, bean sauce and bourbon. Slash the meat on
underside of head and rub half of the spice mixture into the meat. Rub the
remaining spice mixture onto the skin. Place head upright on a rack in a
large baking pan. Bake at 375 degrees for 1-1/2 hours. Lower heat to 325
degrees and continue cooking for an additional 2 hours, or until the meat
is cooked through, basting the skin well every 30 minutes with the
honey-water mixture. (Cooking time will depend on the size of the head.) If
ears begin to brown too quickly during cooking period, wrap them with foil.

When head is done, remove to platter and garnish with watercress or
coriander. Chop head into pieces and serve with sweet vegetable relish or
plum sauce.

[I'd definitely serve with spiced salt and Chinese mustard and minced green
onions for dipping too.] From "Innards and Other Variety Meats" Jana Allen
and Margret Gin. 101 Productions. San Francisco, 1974.

		*			*			*

There are many humorous things in the world: among them the
white man's notion that he is less savage than the other savages.

Samuel Langhorne Clemens (Mark Twain)

		*			*			*

VIDEO: LINK WRAY: The Rumble Man (Visionary)                                                    
Reviewed by DJ Johnson

It was the D chord that sent a rabid cult of great young musicians in a
different direction from rest of the crowd.  "Rumble" remains one of the most
frequently covered songs among garage bands the world over, and the man who
first recorded it continues to be worshipped by those who prefer their rock
served up raw.

Link Wray is not a technically dazzling guitarist, and this live video will
stand up in court as evidence of that--he makes plenty of mistakes on stage--
but it will also show that after all these years, the man can still put the
raw in rawk.

With his long pony-tail, sunglasses and leather jacket, Link is still livin'
young, and his performance has all the attitude and slop of the best punk
bands you can think of.  Through classics like "Ace Of Spades," "Jack The
Ripper," "Mr. Guitar," "Rawhide," "Run Chicken Run" and "Batman," Link leads
his young drummer and bass player on a rampage through rock history, and from
the looks of it, I'd say they had a pretty good time.

The concert is interspersed with a highly enjoyable interview in which Link
really gets into telling the history of rock and roll from his unique
perspective.  The interviewer, known as Saucerman, asks informed and
interesting questions...I just wish he wouldn't have made so much noise
during Link's answers!  "Uh huh.  Yeah!  Oh yeah!  Uh huh."  I kept waiting
for him to shout "Tell it!  Praise the Lord!  Testify!"  Not that any of
those things would have been entirely inappropriate, mind you.  Eventually,
both you and Link get so used to the little interruptions that you can just
tune them out, and that's when the interview really becomes something special.
The feeling is something like sitting backstage drinking beers with the man
while he tells road tales, and THAT is worth the price of the video all by
itself, my friends.  Add to that the intimate concert footage (shot in clubs
in London and Manchester, England) and the 70 minute running time, and it
becomes obvious that you've got to get this video.  (Visionary: PO Box 30,
Lytham St. Annes, FY8 1RL, England.)

		*			*			*

Even though we face the difficulties of today and tomorrow, I still have a
dream. I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the
true meaning of its creed: "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all
men are created equal."

Martin Luther King, Jr.

		*			*			*

SUSI WOOD

Lightning cracks the stormed Kentucky sky.
Thunder booms shaking the blue earth.
A mighty angel voice weaves lightning and thunder into song
into "The L&N Don't Run Here Anymore."
Her voice makes me tremble
as it has thousands of listeners traveling
across America and Europe these past few years.
I'm talking about the earth rhythmed gifted
voice of Susi Wood. A singer whose time has come.
I've had the great good fortune of experiencing
over 300 of her performances
each time witnessing sharing with the audience
her electric inspiration.
Susi is lightning and thunder. She is
the synaptic current of energy flashing
between God and humanity. To hear
her sing is to be moved to tears, to emotional
depths as, most recently, she moved
over 2,000 listeners in Kentucky at
The Hunter S. Thompson Tribute as she played
guitar and sang "My Old Kentucky Home" accompanied
on stage by David Amram on flute, Johnny Depp on guitar,
Warren Zevon on piano, and bluegrass band New Horizon.
Yes Susi Wood's time has come.
Unscrew The Locks From The Doors
Unscrew The Doors From Their Jambs
and welcome in the mysterium tremendum
the mighty earth angel beauty
of Susi Wood.

Ron Whitehead
12/21/96
To hear Susi Wood, you can order her album Only Our Shadows at
http://www.tassie.net.au/~celtic/hrecord.html in the American category;
or a compilation disk she is on called "Omphalos" at
http://www.inslab.uky.edu/~billq/TFP/omph.html.

		*			*			*

HARD CORE LOGO
dir:  Bruce McDonald
players:  Hugh Dillon, Keith Callum
reviewed by:  John Sekerka
http://www.hardcorelogo.ca

The great Canuck punk grandads out there must be shedding a few tears of joy.
For this is their story. Finally a rock and roll movie that tells the truth,
without wallowing in sentimentality or hero worship. Hard Core Logo is every
punk band out there. The in-fighting. The groupies. The booze. The ludicrous
trans Canada tours. The banal interviews. The camaraderie. The back-stabbing.
The greed. The ego trips. The music. The dreams. The cold hard reality. Not
that this hasn't been attempted before. It's just never been pulled off
before. Hard Core Logo  works on many levels, not just the obvious sarcasm.
Don't dismiss this as a simple comedy. The clichs come fast and furious,
but they belong, and the band marches on, transfixed by a carrot at the end
of the stick, which, of course, is indigestible plastic. Stellar performances
abound, but none come close to Hugh Dillon, who happens to be an actual
musician, and draws on his wealth of experience at every turn. This guy
doesn't have to act it, he's lived it. He also happens to be a genuinely
engaging personality with a seductive smirk and a magnetic presence. Bruce
McDonald has done a lot of excellent film work, but none so complete as this.
I cannot recommend this one enough.

                *                       *                       *

It is not tolerance that one is entitled to in America. It is the right of
every citizen in America to be treated by other citizens as an equal.

Wendell Lewis Wilkie

		*			*			*

GIMME BACK MY WIG
The Hound Dog Taylor Blues

Gimme Back My Wig
 I Got The Hound Dog Taylor Gimme Back My Wig
                                 I Gotta Get Out Of This Town Blues

Gimme Back My Wig
 cause I'm thumbin a ride after midnight on
                                 The Hound Dog Taylor Alligator
           New Orleans Memphis Chicago 61 Blues Highway yes I gotta
                       get out of this town fore somebody does me in

Gimme Back My Wig
 the blonde crew cut is the only one that'll work now cause
                                                 it's already late
           maybe too late in these last days final hours of this Rush
               Limbaugh New Gingrich Pat Buchanan Jesse
                Helms George Bush Ronald Reagan Richard
                 Nixon Joseph McCarthy J. Edgar Hoover
                  new age government this Ralph Reed
                   Pat Robertson Jerry Falwell cult
                    Christian Coalition Moral
                     Majority American
                      Renaissance KKK
                       Militiaman
                        takeover
                         of
                          America
                                 the Land of the Fee Home of the Brave
                                  we Killed the Indians why not the
                                   Decadent Poets Artists Musicians
                                    Blacks Jews Hispanics Orientals
                                     HomoLesbians Beat Generation
                                      X Smart Women Outsiders
                                       the Sad Downtrodden
                                        Stepped on Walked
                                         on Kicked and
                                          Killed all
                                           the
                                           morally
                                           depraved

yes please Gimme Back My Wig
 I don't think the red Afro gonna work need that skinhead look
                                                  tonight slippin
        left to right and over the fence outta this hellhole backstreet
            underground alley I been crowded into by American
               brownshirtarmbandschoolyardBullyThugs

Gimme Back My Wig
 I'm climbing out the back window paint brushes and pens old canvases
        crumpled papers peanut butter sandwich hanging
             from my back all my possessions as
                The Swat Team breaks down
                 the front door cause I'm
                    behind on my rent
                       and The Land
                         Lord come
                         to pay me
                          a visit
                            yes I'm convicted of being on the wrong side
                             and I'm convinced that this new state is
                                              taxation
                             without representation and I've watched this
                              new state force the 1st Amendment to
                               disappear and I've experienced the
                                protection of this new omnipotent
                                    police state of by and
                                        for the rich
                       yes I say it's high time
                          to put on my wig
                             and finally
                                 say
                                  goodbye

cause I Got a Lethal Dose of The Hound Dog Taylor Gimme Back My Wig
                              I Gotta Get Out Of This Town Blues

copyright 1996 Ron Whitehead
RWhiteBone@worldnet.att.net

		*			*			*

SYNTHETIC PLEASURES

dir:  Iara Lee
players:   Timothy Leary, R.U. Serious, Jeff Skunk Baxter
music:  smooth ambient techno
reviewed by:  John Sekerka

When Timothy Leary speaks about self-medication, one should listen.
Drugs come up quite a bit here, but it's a prozac and smart drinks movie.
Mind alteration is left to virtual reality. And what better example of
virtual reality than the indoor ski hills and ocean surfs of Japan? Synthetic
Pleasures delves into the scary future, which is basically now. Yesiree Bob,
you may think that the tree huggers out there are gettin' back to nature,
when in reality most of our species is having internet sex. Wake up and smell
the plastic! What I admire about this movie is that, despite a lot of
opinionated cameos, it remains standoffish; never making the fatal mistake
of taking sides. The camera is but a voyeur, taking snapshots of bizarre
extremes, often in a kaleidoscopic fantasy angle. The one point that seems
to pervade is that the world is certainly changing, changing in the manner
of thought and process. Nothing seems to be out of reach any more. Whether
good or bad, it sure is a mind trip.

		*			*			*

Nothing dies so hard, or rallies so often as intolerance.

Henry Ward Beecher

		*			*			*

CLASS OF 75

there was no electric August dawn
aroused, naked, from the mud
by an amplified anthem.

We had no Woodstock.

We were formed
by a black and white screen
of a single helicopter hovering
over a line of dark heads on a roof
encircled by loud pops and spurts
advancing in a final crescendo.

Saigon is now Ho Chi Minh City.

From then on our insignia
was a worm in a bottle;
our goal, to pluck a cherry
from a virgin branch;
our common bond,
a handful of weeds
in a glass jar.

Nixon was irrelevant--

Those who toppled him
swarmed like ants on a dead bug
devouring every organ, every fold of skin;
leaving only the bare ground
for us to scavenge.

We were not better;
we were just late to the party.

Our vision was not to usurp;
we dreamed of colored lights
beneath white patent leather shoes,
circling in syncopation
with the flow of bleached hair
of a stranger we would love
for one night; one hour;
hoping she took her pill.

Our dream was to enjoy
what someone else made for us.

While occidental ambition toiled
under a hot Asian sun
the best of us slept at our desks
with holes in our arms;
dreaming of candy cane roads,
appearing effortlessly under each step
as we leisurely walked to our rewards.

We became irrelevant.

As the sun set and rose,
in skies filled with regulated air,
fear finally gripped us
and we ran, like dark insects
exposed from a moist rock,
to convenient portals of income,
only to find the earth
scorched before us;
leaving us to gather at brewhouses
chatting loudly in our self pity,
like a reunion of army file clerks
trying to expand upon their contribution
to a long and bloody war.

We blow away the froth,
marveling at our technique.


Copyright (c) David E. Cowen 1995
All Rights Reserved
Ripford@aol.com
http://members.aol.com/ripford/homepage/cowen.htm

		*			*			*

In the cause of freedom, we have to battle for the rights of people with whom
we do not agree; and whom, in many cases, we may not like. These people test
the strength of the freedoms which protect all of us. If we do not defend
their rights, we endanger our own.

Harry S. Truman

		*			*			*

MANNY & LO

dir:  Lisa Kreuger
players:  Scarlett Johansson, Aleksa Palladino, Mary Kay Place
music:  subtle & spunky percussion by John Lurie
reviewed by:  John Sekerka

Mary Hartman Mary Hartman? I adore Mary Kay Place, and she will forever be
Loretta Haggers, the sparkling, country-singing neighbour. Or so I thought.
In Manny & Lo, Place introduces an unforgettable character to rival
Loretta. Elaine is a prim and proper sales clerk at a toddler store; a
starchy nurse outfit topped with a flaming red beehive who tells the
customers what's best for them. We're not sure if she's a nurse, a clerk or
a loon. And we never really find out. That's the beauty of Manny & Lo;
it's a movie that allows events to unfold and never searches too deep into
the fine details. The time? The place? Who cares? The story's the thing, and
this one's a dandy. Motherless sisters on the run in a big station wagon,
sleeping in model homes, siphoning gas and shoplifting supplies along the way
--that's Manny & Lo. Of course a glitch enters their free-spirited
way, and soon they're forced into drastic survival measures. Enter Elaine,
and the buddy buddy road movie turns into a fascinating triangle of need,
want and survival. Sounds like Family Channel fare, though Manny & Lo
avoid the all-too tempting tear-jerker scenes. Not that sentimentality goes
out the window. No sir, it's just presented in a different light.

		*			*			*

It is difficult to be convinced of one's superiority unless one
can make the inferior suffer in some obvious way.

Max Radin

		*			*			*

The Star Belly Sneeches had bellies with stars. The Plain Belly Sneeches had
none upon thars.

Dr. Seuss

		*			*			*

SUBMISSIONS! JOKES, QUOTES, POEMS, RECIPES, REVIEWS, FEEDBACK! GENERAL GOOD
JUNK! We need 'em, you got 'em! Write this down: aquaria@serv.net needs you!


---------------------------------------------------------------------------

           E-MAIL ADDRESSES FOR CONTACTING COSMIK DEBRIS' WRITERS


               DJ Johnson (Editor)......moonbaby@serv.net
               James Andrews............jimndrws@serv.net
               Ann Arbor................Nprice@aol.com
			   coLeSLAw.................coleslaw@greatgig.com
               Robert Cummings..........rcummings@csrlink.net
               Shaun Dale...............stdale@well.com
               Phil Dirt................Luft.F@diversey.geis.com
               David Fenigsohn..........a-davef@microsoft.com
               Alex Gedeon..............abraxas@primenet.com
               Keith Gillard............liquid@uniserve.com
               Louise Johnson...........aquaria@serv.net
               Steven Leith.............leith@speakeasy.org
               Lauren Marshall..........Ocean@pluto.njcc.com
               Steve Marshall...........SteveM@pluto.njcc.com
               The Platterpuss..........Plattrpuss@aol.com
               Paul Remington...........premington@rochgte.fidonet.org
               John Sekerka.............jsekerka@gsc.NRCan.gc.ca

           Cosmik Debris' WWW site..http://www.cosmik.com/cosmikdebris

           Subscription requests....moonbaby@serv.net

           Jim Andrews' "JimbOnline" web site (contains tons of Windows 95
           (tm) shareware) is at http://www.serv.net/~jimndrws

           Shaun Dale's web site is at http://www.zipcon.com/stdale

           Phil Dirt's Surf Site is at http://www.cygnus.com/kfjc/surf

           Keith Gillard's "Liquid Records WWW site is located
           at http://haven.uniserve.com/~liquid

           Steven Leith's web site is at http://www.serv.net/~leith


