; cure for boredom
; curious yellow

        i was bored. so, i got up, and looked around for something to do. i
couldn't find ANYTHING.. then, i spotted my dog. he started walking. obviously
craving something to do other than sit, i started to walk behind my dog. he
turned left. i turned left. he did a u-turn. i was right behind him. the poor
bastard tried to pump-fake up the stairs, but i was too quick. he ducked
behind couches, tables, chairs, and counters. i followed. i must have done
this for at least half an hour. and no, i'm not shitting you.

        >> "hahah! dog! you've finally met your match. why don't you just
           surrender, and maybe i'll take it easy on you, eh?"

        >> "woof!"

        he was a sly son-of-a-bitch. he took off up the stairs, but bounded
back down when he got half-way. leaving me in a complete stupor, the furball
dashed into the living room, seeking refuge. he found none. <maniacal laugh>
i caught on. 

        froth oozing from between my lips, i scampered after him.

        >> "you're going to DIE now! you have upset the great SARDINI!"

        >> "woof!"

        no, i wasn't on drugs. i don't know what the fuck was going on. i
continued chasing my dog for what seemed like days, weeks, years. everywhere
he went, i was right behind him. every once in a while, he'd turn around and
try to bite my feet, but i just hopped over him to the other side. he was
awful persistent, but.. never mess with a crazy person.

        the mutt skidded across the linoleum in the kitchen and headed for the
stairs again in a seemingly-forlorn attempt to escape me. taking every other
stair, i was soon back in control.

        but.. dogs are not as idiotic as they seem.. he just settled himself
down under my dad's computer desk and barked at the cats. he had thwarted me!
the great SARDINI! is this possible? yes. he just laid down. i was beaten.

        >> "noo!! i'm meeellltttiiinnnnggg....... <gasp, choke>"

        >> "woof!"

        moral: i am a fucking moron, and do shit like this in my spare time.

                                        THE END

; website apathy
; curious yellow

        lately, I've been "surfing the net", as all you wieners out there like
to call it, and have noticed that.. there's tons of PATHETIC, SHITTY, and
downright GRAMMARLESS 'zines out there that are getting all kinds of "awards".
why not psikOtik? WHY?! I know I'm not exactly "mainstream", but yeesh, man!
let me give you an example of these "cool 'zines":

                wuns apawn uh tym ther waz uh kid name "jery".

        basically, they then go into a storyline they ripped from DTO or some
other RESPECTFUL 'zine, but with everything spelled wrong/used improperly.

        I'm tired of all these fucking retards out there who are 15 or older,
and can't spell SORRY (i.e. >> sorey), or WALLET (i.e. >> waleit).. I mean..
sweet fucking Christ.. I'm beginning to think I'm the only person in the whole
world who payed attention in 3RD GRADE ENGLISH CLASS!

        A friend of mine's yearbook has a signature:

                Sory you had to leave so soon!
                                <name>

        My friend didn't write it (he can actually spell/use grammar pretty
damn good, if you ask me), but still.. someone is actually that stupid.

        And the BIGGEST peeve of mine is when people say "you're" as a poss-
essive. WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU THINK THE APOSTROPHE IS THERE FOR? ok.. think..
apostrophes, when not used in conjunction with an "s" in some way, mean a
word has been joined with another word, but broken down. like this:

                you + are = you're (the "re" is taken from "are", and the
                apostrophe signifies part of the word has been removed.)

        your is a possessive. ask a dimwit what "your" means. he will tell you
"you are". leave him to think a bit, and he'll say "no.. wait.. it means that
the person owns something". but, it doesn't matter, because they quickly
forget, and keep forgetting until you bring it to their attention AGAIN.

        people just don't retain knowledge like they used to.

; *.REF compiler
; curious yellow

        rrgh.. I don't even know why I put the "author" in these little art-
icles anymore.

        but.. ok. on to the topic. *.REF is the extension for LORD II: New
World's script files. IGMs can be composed of these script files. in fact,
Seth Able (the author, if you're in the dark on something as big as this) has
included UNCOMPILED versions of THE ENTIRE GAME, pretty much. the game is
composed of scripts. the only executable files are the L2CFG.EXE (the config-
uration thingie, with map and player editors) and L2.EXE, which will actually
take the scripts and execute them as if they were a normal EXE..

        so.. as you can see, Seth is NOT full of himself. by this, I mean..
he included ALL source. he did not compile the *.REF files.. but, and I think
this is a mistake, he made a COMPILE.EXE which will basically just ENCRYPT
the files, not compile them. it will make a corresponding *.REC file, which,
when opened with a text editor, just looks like a bunch of garbage. machine
code. yadda yadda.

        I've noticed that all the IGMs I've come across that are made up of
REC files SUCK MAJOR PENIS. I don't just mean they suck.. they suck THE BIG
ONE. the author is so full of themself. they take an OBVIOUSLY crappy IGM,
and they're still afraid that someone will "steal their source", even though
it's just a script file. why am I so hung up on this? well.. usually, the
authors do NOT index their *.REFs before compilation. indexing the buggers
makes them run 90% faster. and believe me, unindexed *.REF files run VERY
slow..

        and besides.. it's not like their IGM is going to revolutionize the
BBS gaming industry or anything.. so.. I beg all of you.. if you EVER make
a LORD II IGM, don't compile it. and also--that's how people learn how to
program! looking at source! if they (noticably) steal your source, then you
know it, and they know it, and you're still a better programmer than they are.
it's just script for a door game, peoples... keep it real. PEACE!

; side note
; curious yellow (who else?!)

        this is a major BITCH ISSUE. just so you know.

; fini
; your FAT, UGLY, GREASY-ASSED mother

        eh. I'm just gonna end the issue now. if I keep 'em small like this,
then I can release a LOT more often! yay!

        tata for now.. and to all you FAITHFUL readers -- thanks a million!

                 curious yellow
                (rBL killa beez)
