
                                      -----
                            )  )-0----)000(----0-(  (
                           ( ----------------------- )
                       +-0-=0+  T + C + A + H + R  +0=-0-+
                           ( ----------------------- )
                            )  )-0----)000(----0-(  (
                                      -----

   "To aid in the incubation, breeding, and release of butterflies in Asia."
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           Polymemtic Textfile Project
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This file is an ongoing project of self-discovery of my own ideology.  Since
I am also TCAHR, this is also a experiment to discover the ideology of the
TCAHR e-zine.  This file is composed out of issues of TCAHR, it's disclaimer
and its original manifesto.  It is my hope that when this file is completed it
will be the basis of a new, more efficent TCAHR e-zine.

  I.     Internal
         A.  Manifesto
             i.    Mission Statement
             ii.   Origin
             iii.  Philosophy
             iv.   Correspondence
             v.    Manifesto
         B.  Disclaimer
         C.  Slogans
  II.    Altruism
         A.  The Measure of Kindness
  III.   Life
         A.  Life is a Mug's Game
         B.  Spinal Re-Alignment
  IV.    Philosophy
         A.  My Big, Primitive Hammer
         B.  The Will to Comfort
         C.  Visiting the Wasteland
         D.  The Indian Superman
         E.  Jesus the Rebel
         F.  Socialism
             i.    Was Jesus a Socialist?
             ii.   Definition Time
             iii.  Re-tooling in the 19th century
             iv.   The Great Fuck-Up
             v.    Mr. Roosevelt
             vi.   Notes to the Modern Socialist
  V.     Violence
         A.  V is for Violence and Victory
         B.  The Machine That Equalized America
         C.  Kicking the Heads Off Flowers
         D.  Suicide Kings are Wild
  VI.    Women
         A.  The Objectifcation of Men
         B.  Return of the Sexual Woman
         C.  The Barefoot and Pregnant Conspiracy
         D.  Hold Off On the Sperm
  VII.   Racism
         A.  Too Dark to be American
         B.  War Markings
         C.  The Master Race
         D.  Black Arrogance
         E.  Come Together
  VIII.  Youth
         A.  Kids are Funny

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I.  Internal
    
    A.  Manifesto

        i.  Mission Statement

            To aid in the incubation, breeding, and release of butterflies in
            Asia.

        ii.  Origin

            TCAHR was started in the hopes of releasing memes of interest to
            TCAHR into the datasphere. The thought processes behind the origin
            of TCAHR are not only based upon the concepts of memetics, but also
            steeped in Taoism and chaos theory. This, like all ideas, are
            subject to change.

        iii.  Philosophy

            The premise of TCAHR is to engender thought and discussion. To that
            end, TCAHR may create articles which may have questionable elements.
            TCAHR, however, will never give you the safe, wishy-washy article
            reeking of self-check and cowardliness.

            TCAHR does this in the belief that the right idea, infecting the
            right mind, can bring about changes in the world. Therefore we
            believe our opinions must be strong and truthful.

        iv.  Correspondence

            All serious correspondence to TCAHR can and will receive a response.
            It may take us time, but e-mail to us will be answered.  TCAHR may
            have posted articles in part for our amusement and/or the hope of
            affecting change, but we serve the potential hosts of those whom we
            wish to infect with ideas.

            If TCAHR can't read and return e-mail, risking infection by memes
            itself, then TCAHR has no right to attempt memetic infection.

        v.  Manifesto
  
            This Manifesto is subject to change at any time.

    B.  Disclaimer

        TCAHR is an evil organization dedicated to the memetic infection of the
        world. No, really, we are! To that end, the material within the TCAHR
        website, TCAHR correspondence, or TCAHR newsletters may contain elements
        which may be considered offensive or controversial. You have been
        warned.  Don't come crying to TCAHR if you end up infected by our memes!

    C.  Slogans

        i.  To aid in the incubation, breeding, and release of butterflies in
            Asia.

        ii.  Join The Infection Conspiracy.

        iii.  Better Living Through Memetics.

II.  Altruism

    A.  The Measure of Kindness

        Never measure the amount of a man or woman's kindness by the act of
        giving.  Once in an attempt to impress a young lady whom I wanted to
        mate with, I waited her out in front of a restaurant we were both
        eating at.  There was a beggar outside the restaurant whom I promptly
        gave money to seconds before she walked out.  I turned and saw her their
        and feigned embarrassment.  Her estimation of me rose that day.

        I've also been known to give beggars larger amounts of money than they
        usually received.  I was walking out of a bar and feeling very smug due
        to my appearance and the wad of money in my pockets.  This beggar comes
        to me and gives me the got-some-change talk.  I shook his hand and then
        walked away smiling.  He came running up to me five minutes later kissing
        my ass.  I slipped him twenty dollars during the handshake.  I couldn't
        care less how he felt getting the money.  I did it to show off and feed
        my arrogant ego.

        Knowing the reasons behind gift-giving, I hate being the receiver of the
        gift or favor!  When I am given something, I immediately feel obligated
        to the other person's act of "kindness".  I would rather receive nothing
        at all so that I could avoid the feelings of obligation; whether in the
        form of buying a gift myself or having to feign interest, appreciation,
        or civility for the rest of the evening.

        That's where the true measure of kindness is:  There is more liability
        in the taking than the giving.

III.  Life

    A.  Life is a Mug's Game

        Every day I become more convinced that there is a difference between
        life and survival.  The word "life" tends to have certain connotations;
        we expect life to fall into a pattern, usually a good one.  The
        connotations of the word "survival"
        tend to run towards the negative.

        We want life, but we settle for survival.  Those running the rat races
        everyday know this.  We work to attract mates, breed, support our
        family-based comfort structures, and/or attempt enjoyment through
        material objects.  Then the ironic part kicks in: we have no time for
        meeting others, enjoy time with our families/mates, or enjoy our mass-
        marketed products.  It's the way of our world; there is no use of
        complaining about it.

        First-World humans work 40-60 hours a week to survive.  They attempt to
        live during evenings, weekends, sick days, and two weeks of vacation
        time a year.  Unfortunately, one thing stops them from living during
        these scant hours and reverts them back to survival mode: fear.
        Personally, I despise the fear emotion.  I despise it in myself and in
        everyone else, though I realize its usefulness.  I like the adrenaline
        and enhanced vision, as I am more of a fight than flight kind of guy.
        But I can deal without the crippling effects upon the psyche.

        I am a bit phobic about heights, have an aversion to maggots, and I fear
        rejection more than anything else in the world.  Eventually, I could get
        on the roller-coasters.  My cowardice of maggots was tamed by the fact I
        am much bigger than they are.  I still fear rejection, but if I didn't
        get over that I would never get laid.  Instead, I rarely get laid; which
        is pretty much to par for a single, largely heterosexual male.

        I know people who "live" in constant fear of many things and go to great
        lengths to avoid them.  I can excuse two or three great fears.  I can't
        excuse a craven chicken-shitwith a multitude of phobias.  How does a
        human afraid of 10+ things such as dolls, bugs, and blood get up in the
        fuckin' morning?  Nor can I excuse cowardice that reveals itself in
        constant paranoia of other people.  Can you call an existence full of
        fear of inanimate objects and the potential actions of other humans
        living?  I believe in being aware of my surroundings and achieving
        strategic superiority against my fellow humans, but I function.

        I don't fear anyone, I fear things.  Those things I either learn to
        accept, respect, or destroy.

    B.  Spinal Re-Alignment

        I sincery believe that happiness can only be achieved by intense
        examination of your own world-view and to eliminate all distractions to
        that ideal.  Any TCAHR reader of some time has already encountered my
        obsession with Machiavelli, the Nietzschian ubermench, and memetic
        Darwinism.  My personal world-view revolves around this.  Do I believe
        my philosophy is superior?

        Of course I do!  Everyone follows whatever they personally believe to be
        superior.  You would have to be a moron to follow a morality that you
        are both unlearned and uncomfortable with.  The proper question is am I
        happy following my world-view with all the vigor of a ascetic monk?

        Of course I do!  If you hate the color purple, you don't paint your home
        in purple.  So if eating meat makes you uncomfortable, don't eat meat.
        If you find sexual mores manipulative, don't have sex.  If you despise
        trashy television and movies, stop watching them.  If your friends annoy
        you to no end, dump them immediately!  Envoke upon yourself a sturdy
        backbone made of a code of honor and ethics, then use that spine to walk
        away and never look back.

IV.  Philosophy

    A.  My Big, Primitive Hammer

        When I was a teenager, I came up with what I believed to be brilliant
        theories on humanity.  The more I read, the more I realized that all my
        ideas had been discussed by as many as 1000 years ago by little-
        remembered intellectuals.  In my younger days I was disappointed at
        this, believing myself to be the possessor of an unoriginal mind.  I was
        a fool who couldn't realize how wonderful such intelligence was.

        Think of the hammer.  The raw materials that would become the hammer
        were abundant.  All that was needed was an animal with the biological
        ability, need, and intelligence to fashion stone, wood, and vine into a
        hammer.  We must remember that there were two species of humans on this
        planet.  Those who adapted by building tools and ideas with the
        materials at hand were the ancestors of those reading this now.  Those
        who didn't adapt are nothing more than museum curiosities.  That
        primitive hammer gave rise to thousands of tools and weapons; objects
        also have their evolutions.

        The data and experiences which fashion philosophies are out there in the
        datasphere.  Dali had his hammers, Lao-Tzu had his hammers, and I have
        my own hammers.  My fledging philosophies may have been primitive, but
        the ideas of people such as Blackmore, Kafka, and Nietzsche have not
        made my own ideas useless.  Studying them has only helped in the
        evolution of my own theories.  They are still my hammers and I am going
        to keep using them.

    B.  The Will to Comfort

        Some greater-than-thou philosophers mock books like "Thus Spoke
        Zarathustra" and the concept of the "Superman".  These philosophers are
        either fools or hypocrites.  To understand Nietzsche's obsession with
        power, we have to understand Nietzsche's life.  He was afflicted with
        ill health, chronic headaches, bad eyesight, and a sensitive
        constitution.  Later on in life, Nietzsche went mad; most historians
        attribute this to syphilis.  Which among us has never dreamed of the
        power to break free from terrible situations and weakness?

        Still, I have my reservations about Nietzsche and his "Will to Power".
        I believe he very nearly got it right.  As an exercise, let's change
        "power" to "comfort".  While some people may act aggressively to achieve
        a sort of freedom through real power, I believe that most people act
        more to make themselves comfortable.  An endless quest for vanity will
        not bring about freedom for most of us.

        Instead of real power, we strive to change our surroundings so that they
        will not resist us.  Let's take friendship as an example.  Much as we
        decorate a room to reflect our tastes, we "influence" our friends and
        associates to reflect our tastes as well.  Friendship is based on
        agreement.  I refuse to believe that anyone would consider a friend
        someone who disagrees constantly on their choice, whether it be religion
        or what bar to go to.  We also end friendships which reflect badly upon
        ourselves.  We tend to rid ourselves of those people who cause us more
        strife than profit.  Any other actions are signs of masochist leanings.

        Most of us don't try to change to world; merely those parts of it we
        come in contact with.  Our will to power is limited at best.  The
        "Superman" philosophy is more valid than most intellectuals believe.
        It does, however, need some fine-tuning.  The "Superman" is so closely
        related to the "Will to Power" and most people who consciously strive to
        achieve it suffer from the same inferior taint.  The superman intially
        asserts his or her power in the acquisition and maintenance of the state
        of comfort, thus he risks becoming a slave to his ego.  That is the
        superman's greatest weakness.

    C.  Visiting the Wasteland

        Could Aleister Crowley be considered a superman?  Sure, if all that was
        required of the Nietzschian superman was talk. On the surface Nietzsche
        and Crowley have the same ideas, but Crowley punks out by infusing
        religion.  Unfortunately, there's a bunch of children running around
        aping both Crowley and Nietzsche while calling themselves Thelemalites,
        Satanists, and, logic help us, vampires. Naturally, they align
        themselves more with Crowley than Nietzsche.  This is a testament to the
        cowardice of people: instead of choosing a philosophy without god in
        which they are ultimately responsible for their own actions, they
        instead choose one with a different god who gives them the all-clear
        signal to screw up their lives.

        In Crowley's whole career of hoodwinking people, he only popularized two
        things of brilliance.  The first was, of course, The Book of the Law.
        Studied as a mystical text, The Book of the Law is garbage.  Studied as
        existential verse, it is haunting and absolutely beautiful.  Crowley, we
        should remember was an intellectual and a poet.  Who better to write the
        theories of existentialism as an ALLEGORY?

        The other stroke of genius was a simple line: "Wanderer of the
        Wasteland".  However, Crowley was neither worthy of it, nor was he the
        only one who could lay claim to that title.  As the Wanderer, Crowley
        saw misery due to the human condition everywhere he went.  Throughout
        history, there have been many who seen nothing but misery.  Unlike this
        pompous twit who could afford to publish sumptuous volumes of his work
        and a fine education to better express himself, they had no way to voice
        their misery to a ignorant upper-class easily bedazzled by fairy-tales.

    D.  The Indian Superman

        I believe that the "Will to Power" only comes after the "Will to
        Comfort" is transcended.  People famous and infamous have gone beyond
        comfort to power.  The example that usually comes to mind is that of
        the person who, incorrectly, is associated with Nietzsche.  That is
        Adolph Hitler.  Most dedicated bigots would usually end up joining a
        group of like-minded bigots; perhaps coming together once in a while to
        beat someone unconscious before sliming back into their nest.  Hitler
        was one of those few who went beyond comfort and into the realm of power.

        But going beyond comfort does not always lead to horrific results. There
        are examples of others who achieved power and changed the world for
        better.  They have, like Nietzsche's fantasy, fought the established
        systems which hindered them whatever the cost.  Among these are Mohandas
        K. Gandhi.

        Gandhi began his career in civil rights merely to make himself
        comfortable.  His becoming of a lawyer was not based in any desire to
        help the common man.  The decision was made so that he could one day
        qualify for the position of a Diwan.  It was the hopes of his family that
        he would one day make enough money to support them.  To achieve this he
        studied in England; this action caused him to be outcaste.  His travels
        afterwards to defend people in South Africa started as a move for
        financial security.

        Gandhi's strove for comfort.  If he would have found it, there is no
        telling who would rule India today.  Lucky for the rest of India,
        Gandhi's comfort was hindered by the treatment of Indians by the English.
        In his youth, Gandhi was not immune to use his status as a lawyer to
        achieve things such as attempting to be seated first-class on a train.
        He came to realize that it didn't matter that he was a lawyer, he was
        still an Indian.  When Gandhi threw his lot in with the common Indian
        whose comfort was also threatened by England, he began to transcend
        comfort.

        Consider this.  The more Gandhi fought for his people, the more in tune
        he became with his culture.  While some may scoff at his eventual
        emergence in religion, he would have to be considered a trailblazer at
        that due to his fight for equality of the 'untouchable' class.  Instead
        of comfort, he chose celibacy, poverty, and activism based on his
        interpretation of many religions.  Gandhi not only fought for
        independence, but tried to reform long-established sanitation practices
        as well.  He broke unjust laws and had been jailed and beaten for it.

        Gandhi was the 20th century's greatest answer to the superman.

    E.  Jesus the Rebel

        In general, Judaism has a few good memes in it.  I'm not a religious
        man, but I see nothing wrong with most of the 10 commandants.  I have no
        problem with "thou shall not steal" or "thou shall not kill".  Too bad
        the god of the Israelites was a bigoted god which then proceeded to
        instruct the Israelites on a massive killing and looting spree.  Those
        who would like to argue these points should read the first five chapters
        of the old testament.  God does not love all people, he loves his chosen
        people.  After the Israelites received the commandants, the "word of
        god" then sent them to conquer lands by killing the residents and then
        stealing the gold, silver, and brass to build a temple.  Nice.

        Now if I'm going to hoodwinked and manipulated by a religion, I'd rather
        that religion be more inclusive.  Originally, Judaism preached love your
        own.  Attributed to the historical Jesus are stories which promote love
        over the letter of the law.  Instead of punishment, Jesus spoke about
        forgiveness.  When the government demanded obedience, Jesus said no.
        While powerful members of the Israelites shunned the dregs of society,
        Jesus preached inclusion.  That inclusion consisted of the same rights
        to property and life that "the chosen people" practiced among
        themselves.  Being a danger to a powerful religion and to a government
        based on cruelty, Jesus was run out of town and eventually arrested and
        executed.  My valence against supernatural mumble-jumbo makes me ignore
        Jesus the spiritual being, but I can not ignore Jesus the human rights
        advocate.

        Christianity, much like Taoism and Buddhism, had potential.  How
        absolutely pitiful that when an emperor of Rome was finally converted to
        Christianity, memes of peace and unity were spread throughout the known
        world by the point of a sword.  Once again, A rebel's words of
        togetherness were used to install another repressive regime.
        Christianity has become the religious equivalent of communism!

    F.  Socialism

        i.  Was Jesus a Socialist?

            It doesn't take much study to realize that the western world is
            endebited to Judaism for the origin of its laws and to Christianity
            for its acceptance and memetic replication.  So why does the western
            world act in ways contrary to their most sacred beliefs?  Let's
            take, oh, I don't know, the United States of America for example.
            Most people in this part of the world would consider themselves
            Christians.  Most of the people currently in U.S. Congress are
            Christians.  U.S. history could be said to have been shaped by
            Christians.

            Since Christianity is such a major influence on the
            oh-so-great-and-holy United States, let's take a peek at the New
            Testament.  Jesus stressed that the second greatest commandment was
            to "love your neighbour as yourself".  If someone was starving, you
            fed them.  If someone was naked, you clothed them.  The divine leader
            of so many rich American executives and politicians is quoted as
            saying
    
                 You pay tithes of mint and dill and cummin; but you have
                 overlooked the weightier demands of the law -- justice, mercy
                 and good faith.  It is these you should have practiced without
                 neglecting the others.

            Hmmmmm.  On the subject of childen, Jesus says

                 But if anyone causes the downfall of one of these little ones
                 who believe in me, it would be better for him to have a
                 millstone hung round his neck and be drowned in the depths of
                 the sea...Such things must happen, but alas for the one through
                 whom they happen!

            You think Jesus was talking about Nike?  This doesn't sound good for
            a supposedly Christian nation.  Let's check out another.

                 No one can serve two masters; for either he will hate the first
                 and love the second, or he will be devoted to the first and
                 despise the second.  You cannot serve God and Money.

            Now do the above pieces remind you in anyway of Capitialism?  No,
            I'm afraid not.  In this country, people like me are constantly hit
            over the head with Christianity and Capitalism; this usually by
            leaders who usually sing the praises of both.  Only when money is
            not powerful enough to sooth the common citizen, are Christian
            appeals used by leaders here (and vice versa).  Religion, like
            everything else in a Capitalist system, has become a tool for the
            acculmulation of wealth.  There is no chance for equality when
            rogues and villians preach brotherhood to the masses.

            Oh, well!  They do call religion the opium of the masses for a
            reason!

        ii.  Definition Time

            Back when I used to publish verse online, I would receive e-mail
            from some teens that would make me cringe.  They were usually young
            poseurs of the goth, Satanist, or anarchist variety.  Without going
            into details, every time I got one of these violent, iconoclastic
            e-mails proclaiming my greatness, I realized that my ideas had been
            misunderstood yet again.  Since TCAHR is about infecting ideas into
            new hosts, I find myself worried about those potential hosts who
            would snatch a tid-bit of badly written ranting from here and then
            proclaim themselves memeticists.

            I'm even more frightened of those who would attach the label
            "socialists" to themselves.  Therefore please indulge my following
            tangent into definitions.

            CAPITALISM -- Economic system based on the production and exchange
                          of goods and services through prices and markets.

            COMMUNISM  -- System of society where major resources and means of
                          production are owned by the people.  In communism,
                          the ideal is one where a visible government would be
                          unnecessary.  Until that utopia is reached, private
                          property is suspended.  The needs of the people are
                          the responsibility of the state.

            SOCIALISM --  Economic system in which the means of production are
                          invested in the state by reconstruction of the
                          existing political system through the peaceful and
                          democratic means.

            Those are the basics.  Now let's go on.

        iii.  Re-tooling in the 19th century

            Capitalism may have its beginnings in the 18th century, but it was
            in the 19th century the problems with a pure capitalist system
            began to come into focus.  Private ownership of the means of
            production lead to abuse of the workers.  This manifested in
            phenomena such as long work hours, dangerous conditions and child
            labor.  Corporations also came into being, along with their
            attempts to create monopolies.  Capitalism was also prone to
            alternating waves of prosperity and depression.

            Those with financial power fought bitterly against any changes to
            the pure capitalist system.  It is a fact that capitalism has, in
            general, improved the standard of living in the world.  However,
            in the pursuit of money big business argued with the powerful
            government in the courts while employing tactics such as
            "strike-busters" to spill the cranial fluids of the striking
            worker on the streets.  Believing its problems solved, capitalism
            marched its way into the 20th century only to have its progress
            tripped by the alternating tsunami known as the Great Depression.

        iv.  The Great Fuck-Up

            The genesis of The Great Depression was in the 1920s.  After the
            first world war, people turned from social issues and instead
            resolved themselves to lives of material enjoyment.  Businesses
            jumped on the new trends and used the advertising methods developed
            to promote support for the war against frugality.  At the same
            time, the low wages paid to workers and the tax cuts given to the
            rich resulted in a greatly unequal distribution of wealth.  This
            meant that consumers weren't able to buy all the new and expensive
            toys of the Jazz Age.  Credit was invented to "help" them.  All
            these factors led to the Great Depression which eventually spread
            to all industrialized nations.

            The president at the beginning of the Great Depression was Herbert
            Hoover, or as I like to call him, the fuckin' idiot.  Not only did
            the fuckin' idiot refuse governmental aid to the unemployed and the
            homeless and sent federal troops armed with bayonets and tear gas
            against protesting WWI veterans, but he also RAISED TAXES!  It
            doesn't take a lot of brainpower to realize that you don't raise
            taxes when 15 million people are out of work.  Then the fuckin'
            idiot RAISED TARIFFS which led to other nations raising tariffs.

            Naturally in the next presidential election Hoover was smashed by
            America's first "socialist" president.

        v.  Mr. Roosevelt
    
            Mr. Franklin Delano Roosevelt may have been born a rich kid, but he
            had a poor man's soul.  When elected to the presidency, he didn't
            talk about crossing political lines.  He did it by installing
            republicans and democrats into positions of power.  During the
            depression, Hoover (read as "the fuckin' idiot") would try to bring
            relief to the states by loaning them federal money, thereby
            incurring more debt.  Mr. Roosevelt's plan was to give money to the
            states instead (FERA - Federal Emergency Relief Administration).
            During the first winter of his presidency, work relief could be
            found thanks to the CWA (Civil Works Administration).

            In 1935, the WPA (Works Projects Administration) replaced FERA and
            began to give work to one-third of the unemployed.  This consisted
            of work that could still be of benefit today.  The WPA workers
            built among other things, roads, schools, hospitals, airports, and
            parks.  It also funded work projects for artists that in turn
            performed for the public.

            The Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) not only gave unemployed and
            unmarried young men jobs, but was dedicated to the conservation of
            natural resources.  Many of America's state parks,
            fire-observation towers, and reforestation programs have their
            beginnings here.  The National Youth Administration (NYA) created
            jobs for high-school and college students at their very own
            schools.

            Then there was the TVA.  The Tennessee Valley Authority program
            was set in place to protect the Tennessee Valley from flooding
            while supplying the area with electricity.  The TVA generates power
            for 207,000 sq. kilometers and serves 7 million people.  The TVA
            also researches agricultural, environmental, and industrial
            programs.  Of course, businessmen from private-power companies
            attacked this as evil, un-American socialism.

            Mr. Roosevelt, the evil un-American socialist, also installed
            Social Security to alleviate the problems caused by unemployment,
            old age, and physical disability.  THAT BASTARD!

            I would love to credit Mr. Roosevelt's programs with saving the
            United States, but I would be a liar.  If Mr. Roosevelt would have
            listened to John Maynard Keynes, who advocated more government
            spending to spur on the economy, the depression would have been
            ended earlier.  Instead, the collective butt of the American
            financial institution was saved by World War II.  Well, if F.D.
            Roosevelt didn't save America, I can at least credit him by saying
            he put humanity back into capitalism.

        vi.  Notes to the Modern Socialist

            So what can today's socialists around the world take out of
            America's Great Depression?  First of all, America has and still
            does incorporate socialist programs.  This has been achieved
            according to socialist doctrine instead of diving into the violence
            by which communist doctrine is usually put into play.  I consider
            the United States the King of Capitalism, and even this king must
            apply socialism to protect its finances.  If it can be done in
            this arrogant, slow-moving, block-head of a nation, it can be done
            in other capitalist nations.

            This puts socialists (And by socialists I mean those who vote, act,
            and disseminate information, not the kiddies call themselves
            socialist to shock their mothers and anger their fathers.) in a
            defense position.  Not only must we act in a way that promotes our
            political system, but we must protect the gains we have already
            made.  Mr. Roosevelt made a lot of enemies who set out to destroy
            many of his programs as soon as they milked out the advantages.
            Where are the CCC and NYA now?

            Bush made a called for volunteerism, but how can you devote your
            life to self-sacrifice in a capitalist system?  It is far better
            to organize a military-style program like the CCC with government
            funding than to expect people to lose money and time in a country
            that promotes wealth and egocentric pleasure above all.  The
            military is filled with the unskilled poor while the Peace Corps is
            suited to those who already have a college education.  Create a
            middle ground like the CCC and let the poor choose whether they
            wish to be killers or healers.

            I know, I know.  It will never happen.

            I am realistic enough to believe there will never be a bloody
            revolution against the capitalist system.  This is alright with me;
            a revolution willing to kill its enemies needs little encouragement
            to kill its most problematic supporters.  Besides, how can I say I
            hate capitalism as I type this on a Pack Bell running Windows 98
            while smoking Camel cigarettes?  It is not the role of the socialist
            in a capitalist society to destroy the financial system; it is our
            role to protect humanity from the dangers inherent in the capitalist
            system.

            Socialism and capitalism are uneasy partners.  We all better get
            used to it.

V. Violence

    A.  V is for Violence and Victory

        There are a few cute quotes making their way through humanity on the
        uselessness of violence. Pseudo-intellectuals toss about these sayings
        which demean the intellect of those who use violence.  What else do you
        expect from a collective group which tends towards cowardice and
        weakness?

        Shunning violence simply because it is violence is not worthy of the
        intelligent mind.  A person who aims to be intelligent does not toss out
        effective and proven data because he or she finds that data morally
        repugnant.  Our subjective sense of morality has hindered the spread of
        knowledge enough times.  In this age where our knowledge of AIDS,
        overpopulation, and teenage pregnancy leads us to the logical conclusion
        of birth control, the caretakers of our "morality" such as the Catholic
        church make millions of their followers equate condoms with sin.

        Instead of a blanket philosophy of morality, every act of violence needs
        to be defined by context.  The honest dedicated police officer drawing a 
        salary to protect you is a student of the law and of violence.  To
        believe him or her to be morally repugnant doesn't seem to matter when
        its your life or property is in danger.

        To put all this theorizing into a short and personal truth: you can't
        talk your way out of an incoming fist to your mouth.  Sometimes you
        simply have to fight.

    B.  The Machine That Equalized America

        Simply because I advocate violence over pacifism doesn't mean I
        support all contexts that violence is a part of.  Some humans are
        invariably stronger than others and use that strength to force their
        opinions and deed upon the physically weaker.  This meant that centuries
        ago a trained fighter such as a knight could bully around an untrained
        peasant.  The peasant and the knight could both have swords and the
        knight would probably cut that poor serf down.

        Luckily, this is the 21th century and I'm living in the United States.
        I have the right to own a gun.  The gun has equalized the playing field
        and if more people exercised their right to own a handgun, I would sleep
        easier for three reasons.

        The first is that I am uncomfortable with the idea of the majority of
        guns being owned by law enforcement agencies. The military, FBI, CIA,
        and police all have guns.  Suppose a government acted in a way to
        protect its own financial interests to the detriment of its citizens.
        Now whom do you suppose law enforcement will back: the will of the
        people or the government which pays its salary?

        Law enforcement is made of people who have families to feed and
        lifestyles to protect.  Thankfully, their natural instinct for survival
        cuts both ways.  They protect the government that feeds them and their
        families, but as the WTO riots prove, they're not risking their well-
        being for no one.  While the police in Seattle and Genoa arrested and
        brutalized peaceful protesters, they gave the violent anarchist groups
        a much wider berth.  Imagine how much wider that berth would have been
        if the anarchists were armed to the teeth.

        The second is that I am uncomfortable with the only other large group
        in America owning guns being criminals.  Anyone who knows criminals
        knows that a criminal is, above all, a tactician.  A criminal preys on 
        weakness.  They rob, rape, and murder those who they consider
        defenseless.  Now if the majority of the populace were carrying
        concealed weapons the element of risk would be too great for crime.
        Who wants to take the chance of meeting the next Richard Specks?

        Finally, guns are good for cleaning the gene pool.  No other machine in
        the world has been more effective in ridding the world of villains and
        idiots.  Criminals and cops killing criminals is one of the most
        beautiful equations in creation.  If only we as a society knew better;
        whenever I hear about tax dollars being spent to investigate the crime-
        related murder of a known criminal, I get pretty damn upset.

        Then there's the idiots.  When I here about stupid adults who don't lock
        up their guns and their stupid kids who shoot themselves by playing with
        those guns, my faith in Social Darwinism is renewed.  Some DNA just
        shouldn't be passed down to hinder future generations.

    C.  Kicking the Heads Off Flowers

        I write about violence because I am interested in the idea of power.
        The common man will never have true power.  True power comes in having
        the kind of money that would make your mother happily hide the identity
        of your murderer.  Compared to that, all other forms of power are merely
        the techniques of pigs fighting for the best slop.  It is an
        unappetizing thought, but I'd rather have these scraps of power than none
        at all.  I believe that the recourse of the common person is in the use
        of either beauty and violence.

        Pretty bimbos croon songs about simplistic love.  The most ornate
        churches, synagogues, and mosques are the most popular.  Books which
        weave tales of idiotic romance outsell books of substance.  Bodies are
        restructured by abnormal amounts of physical labor and the knives of
        surgeons.  Celebrities influence our decisions.  Women are still
        programmed to marry according to status by using their tits.  These same
        women are shamed into pumping millions into the make-up and fashion
        industries.  We now buy computers by their fucking color schemes!  Our
        actions expose us as little more than animals fighting over the shiny
        bits in the trash.

        So now we have the money elite creating products and affecting mindsets.
        It works; we are more receptive to what we consider beautiful and
        bequeath unto them status.  Then we have idiotic commoners who are
        "beautiful" attempt petty tyrannies on everyone else.  If want to
        observe this power game, I suggest going to a nightclub; preferably an
        upscale one where you can watch how money and beauty intermingle.

        That's why I endorse violence to counteract beauty.  My time in the
        military taught me that you take out power at its source.  I invite the
        vain ones smug in their expensive clothes to conspire against me.
        Because if they catch me at my most ornery, I am going to bash their
        faces into pink mist.

        Then I become the pretty one.

    D.  Suicide Kings are Wild

        I will conclude these thoughts on violence with whom I believe to be the
        most dangerous people in the world.  Those who call suicide a selfish
        and cowardly act do not fully understand the dynamics of the suicidal
        person.  That's okay, because usually neither does the suicidal person.

        A suicidal person does not fear the unknown of death.  Someone who
        attempts suicide is not afraid of his culture's god; he or she is
        willing to kill themselves in accordance or in spite of dogma.  If
        suicide is a selfish act, then disregard for family, friends, and
        reputation is apparent.

        Possessing these qualities, the suicidal failure is more capable of
        doing anything to better their own life or else die trying.  Give me an
        army of such people and I would enslave the world.

VI.  Women

    I.  The Objectifcation of Men

        Perfect world scenario: A tribe of humans, an abundance of food and no
        danger from other humans or wild animals.  What would be the deciding
        factor on how men and women choose their mates?  The answer is easy:
        the same way men do now.

        Left to our own devices, us humans are a vain and self-gratifing lot.
        Whole religions and philosophies have been wiped out for not being
        attractive enough.  What we believe to be pretty captures our
        imaginations much more readily.  How many ugly personifications of
        goodness can you readily name from the world's religions?  We tend to
        forget the "awful" truth that we are sexual animals. Nothing like
        analysing the sexualization of our highest concepts of morality to
        bring light to our egocentric nature.

        The manipulations of society has cast the role of the provider upon the
        male of the species.  With this role comes the pressure and advantages
        of higher income potential.  In our imperfect world, men live the above
        perfect world scenario.  Being able to afford security, men are free to
        sniff about and choose their mates on the prettiest face and firmest
        ass.

        Women don't have that luxury.  Established memetics concepts are hard to
        change.  The male-as-provider meme is outdated in this age.  There's no
        need for the great male hunter-gatherer to use his mighty upper body
        strength to defend the cave from tigers and wolves.  However, that
        doesn't make it any less powerful.  If someone is playing the role of
        provider, someone else is playing the role of providee.  Ever wonder
        why the "sexiest" women mesh so well with the richest men?

        No, you haven't.  You know why.  Anna Nicole Smith is flashing through
        the minds of some of you right now.

        So if any of you men get the feeling that some women are checking out
        your wallet when looking at your ass, don't worry about it.  There are
        reasons.  It's not gold-digging, it's not that she's a whore, and it's
        not that she's materialistic.

        It's survival.  Isn't that the meaning of human existence?

    B.  Return of the Sexual Woman

        I know, I know.  I just painted a bleak picture of hetrosexual
        relationships.  All sex based on barter for financial security.  Don't
        worry, when it comes to expression I believe that all tragic things must
        be given a fold of hope.  I don't paint a problem without painting a
        solution as well.

        With the solution I'm thinking off, the financial security aspect of sex
        would disappear.  To be quite honest, it has already begun.  But if the
        meme I'm thinking of would overthrow the male-as-provider meme, women
        would be free to make the same boneheaded decisions as men in choosing
        sexual partners.

        Which pretty much boils down to is women being more free to say things
        like "Hey, Lisa!  Check out the lump on that him-bo!" without their
        virtues, femininity, and upbringing being brought into questions.

        It's so easy you're going to love it: full financial equality!  If you
        want sexuality on honest terms, you must being on a level playing field.
        If women can make the same amount as men and are not socially penalized
        for doing it, there's no need for her to look for the male-as-provider.
        Simple, right?

        No.

    C.  The Barefoot and Pregnant Conspiracy

        Financial equality for women will never happen unless emotional equality
        is achieved first.  This is the part where I would launch into a well-
        detailed analysis of the memes that hinder emotional equality...

        But there are so many freakin' many of them!  Instead, I'm going to play
        a game of dialog that may directed at someone as she goes from girl to
        woman:

        "No, no.  Leave that alone.  That's for boys, not little girls."
        "A proper young lady doesn't talk that way."
        "It's important for a woman to know how to cook."
        "Eve made Adam eat that apple."
        "Girls should never hit."
        "I can't wait for the day you give me grandchildren."
        "You would be so pretty if you would just wear a little bit more make-
        up."
        "You should diet.  No one likes a chubby girl."
        "Are you going out dressed like that?"
        "You should find yourself a successful man."
        "College is a great place to find a husband."
        "Loosen up, you're too uptight."
        "You would do it if you loved me."
        "You're my wife and a wife shouldn't act like that."
        "You should stay home and raise them.  You would make a great mother."
        "You're supposed to do the cleaning and cooking.  I do the real work."
        "She wouldn't act that way if you worked less."
        "You shouldn't let your daughter play with boys toys."

        Now repeat in a condesending voice ad nauseum...for a lifetime.

    D.  Hold Off On the Sperm

        I'm personally against breeding, but I'm resolved to the fact that it
        happens.  I can only hope that teenage girls don't fall for the whole
        "baby-making equals love" fallacy.  There's no quicker way to damn as
        least two lives.

        As you can probably tell by now, I'm a big proponent of the survival-
        reproduction school of evolution.  Survival, in my mind, comes first.  I
        believe that early pregnancies greatly reduce the quality of a woman's
        aspect of survival.  Unlike the mainstream that says just don't do it, I
        actually have reasons to share.

        I wrote above that the quickest way to more freedom for women was
        financial equality.  For a teenage mother with no education and no trust
        fund, a baby may as well be a chain around her neck.  If the sperm donor
        sticks around, she has to deal with a load of other problems.  If she
        finds herself single, get ready for the sexual fun and games I described
        in section I.  It's manipulation for survival time.

        Don't be surprised if men begin to avoid you like the plague.  Meeting a
        single mother at the club turns on our warning sensors faster than
        anything you've ever seen!  I, the great sensitive Jaguar, has been known
        to slide under dancing couples, slide under beefy bouncers, and overturn
        tables full of drinks to escape a daddy-hunter!

        Not that having a husband or boyfriend around automatically solves
        anything.  Without an education and/or stable career of her own, many
        women find themselves at the whims of their husbands.  Check out the
        batch of losers on any talk show dealing with spousal abuse or adultery.
        I'll take the odds that the wife will say she's staying for the kids.
        What a miserable life it must be to catch an ass-beating for someone
        else!

        Even worse, what if the "male provider" skips out?  Now there's a child
        to feed.  How do you deal?  An education would take too long and
        McDonald's isn't going to pay the bills.  Time to lower your standards
        and find someone with money.

        If you insist on still reproducing at a young age believing that a baby
        will fill your life with love, think of my experiences as the son of a
        teenage mother.  I've been through four of my mother's marriges; one to
        an alcholic, another to a gigalo, and one to a violent drug dealer.
        I've been slapped around and emotionally crippled by a mother suffering
        from depression.  My mother tried to kill me in a murder-suicide when I
        was a baby.

        When the gigalo left one morning, my mother married the drug dealer to
        stay afloat.  I've had to hide from rival drug dealers after my step-
        father.  My brothers have been kidnapped before in a failed ransom
        attempt.  I started supporting my family at the age of 17 after the
        drug dealer went to jail.  No school for the kid placed at the top 10%
        of the nation's brightest children most of his life.  I ended up
        carrying a rucksack on my back for the U.S. Army.  I came back to
        civilian life and still ended up supporting my family instead of
        finishing college.

        Now how much love do you think I have for my mother?

        I haven't mentioned any of the really foul, sad, and gruesome stuff
        because this isn't about me.  I'm just making a point.  Do you want
        your children to grow up to be angry, mean-spirited pricks?

VII.  Racism

    A.  Too Dark to be American

        I have absolutely no sense of grief or compassion concerning the attacks
        on New York on September 11th.  Nor am I filled with a sense of
        warhawkish patriotism.  For me, the United States is just another
        playground bully who cries for his mother after receiving his first and
        well-deserved bloody nose.  I can't be one of the Great Grieving
        American Collective, but I can understand how White middle- and
        upper-class American citizens can.  This is not my war and no amount of
        media propaganda will make it my war.  America is their home, where the
        established systems of politics and society make their way of life
        better.

        But for me and other minorities, this land is nothing more than a police
        state.  Some of us can't walk outside without being gawked at by a
        passing police car.  Popular culture characterizes Latinos as jiggling
        lotharios, Blacks as iconoclastic criminals, and before the war, people
        from the Middle East as funny brown people working at the local
        7-Eleven.  Minorities need laws enacted just to get the same shitty
        middle management jobs as a White person, then we have to hear White
        people in government and media complain about the unfairness of it.  I
        cannot be patriotic for a country that treats me like this in peacetime.

        I am still a second-class citizen because my skin color marks me as
        different.  Therefore, I am not a true citizen and have no obligation to
        shed one tear or bleed one drop of blood for the United States of
        America.

    B.  War Markings

        I don't know what is is about humans that make them hate "The Other" so
        much.  Perhaps it's the convenience of physical differences that make for
        easy identification of targets.  During the Rodney King-L.A. riots, people
        in the predominantly Black ghettos turned on the people around them would
        looked least like them: the Asians.  I believe about 90% of all Asian
        businesses in the ghettos were destroyed.  Those ghettos are merely
        microcosms of the nation at large.  "The Other" may be tolerated during
        peaceful times, but always despised in times of great anger.

        So imagine what it is like to be dark-skinned in America right now.
        Middle America is absolutely clueless on who they're fighting.  People
        are running about thinking "Muslim" is a race of brown-skinned people.
        It doesn't matter if you're Christian or Muslim, Afghani or Indian, you
        are a "brown-skin" and therefore perfect for visual targeting.  The
        great and noble average American citizen seems to have forgotten that
        along with hassling people from the Middle East, they've also been
        kicking Latino "brown-skins" off planes as well!  Perhaps I'm dense,
        but could someone give me a reasonable explanation on the connection of
        an extremely Catholic ethnicity such as Latinos have to do with a
        state-sponsored terrorist organization centered in the Middle East.

        This new form of American racism is going to be the thing that makes
        America vulnerable.  While everyone chases down those evil brown-skinned
        "Muslims", blue-eyed and white-skinned fanatics will be left alone to do
        more damage.  If and when that happens, you can be sure that I will
        watching the news and laughing my ass off at another example of American
        arrogance gone wrong.

    C.  The Master Race

        Since I touched America originally being built by White Americans for
        White Americans, I feel I have to write a few words for those very
        special Americans who have made it there mission in life to stop anyone
        from changing this status quo.

        I don't know what it is about the particularly European meme that
        progress is an upward journey toward a sterilized world.  White
        supremacists jump on that meme and believe that sterilization is done by
        eliminating the "mud races".  These people seem to be the same ones who
        bitch about minorities taking their rights and jobs.  The following is
        addressed to them.
    
        If this is your argument, you must be fucking morons.  The established
        memes of American society and the techniques to governmental power are
        weighed in *your* favor.  They have always been in *your* favor.  If you
        personally feel you are "losing" your rights and jobs in this system, you
        must be the most inept and ridiculous examples the "Master Race" has to
        offer.

        One time as I was walking out of an Alice Cooper concert, I saw an old
        man sitting on a trash can wearing a White Power T-shirt.  He was drunk,
        dirty, and the T-shirt was full of holes.  I remember thinking then what
        I'm thinking now; if this is what the white supremacists movement has to
        offer, the world at large is safe!

    D.  The Black Man's Arrogance

        Let me now turn my attention to another race in America that needs a
        good slap on the head.  You would hope that African-Americans, through
        all they've been through in this country, would rise to become the
        leaders for minority causes in America.  Unfortunetly, it seems they
        can't rise above petty squabbles of color.

        Black people in American act as if their ancestors were the only slaves
        in the world.  There have been slaves and slaveowners of all colors and
        all nationalities.  I marvel at the stupidity of this "slave pride" due
        to my own heritage.  Part of my ancestory can be traced back to African
        slaves whose boat stopped in the Caribbean.  In America, Blacks tend to
        act as if the ancestors of Latinos didn't experience the hardships of
        those in America.
    
        This is absolute nonsense.  On the island of Puerto Rico, slaveowners
        used to put Black slaves into something akin to a barrel with a hinged
        lid.  This barrel was then tossed in the water where the slave would
        stay in isolation for days.  Does this sound like a picnic in the
        tropics to anyone?  By the way, there were whips and chains in the
        Caribbean too!

        Instead of collective bitter whining about slavery and other injustices
        in the past, it's time to live in present times.  Personally, I could
        care less about the past if it is not viable.  The Black man in America
        should take a note from Black men all over the world.  If you want
        greater political power, reach across the racial aisle and say hello to
        the person with the same color skin, but different language.  Hell, be
        innovative and reach across to the person with different color skin and
        same language.  Work together to break the systems that are in place
        *now*, not the ones that died 50, 100, or 400 years ago.

        You want equality?  Work for it.

    E.  Come Together

        Unlike the United States, Latin American Blacks and Whites have come
        together.  I realize that sounds like a wild claim, especially to those
        living in the "Land of the Free and the Home of the Brave", who have
        been struggling with race problems since the beginning.  Look at the
        coat of arms in Latin American countries and you will find symbols that
        celebrate our tri-heritage: we are African, European, and Native
        Americans.  In countries where everyone has an African, European, or
        Native American ancestor, racism is a mark of stupidity and
        self-delusion.

        Why can't a great superpower full of resources do the same?  Beyond
        White control systems and Black slave mentalities, there are answers.
        I'm not trying to ignore all the other races and ethnicities in the
        United States, but the feud between Blacks and Whites is easily the most
        bitter race feud in America.  If the problems between these two groups
        are not settled, no one else's will.  Again, the Asians in the L.A.
        riots know this more than I.

        Finally, I realize that in discussions about race that there is a
        tendancy to yell out "White" and "Black" as broad labels.  We should
        never forget that there have always been those willing to stand up for
        "The Other".  You all have always been my cousins, brothers, sisters,
        comrades, negros, negras, vatos, hermanos, hermanas, and homies.

VIII.  Youth

    A.  Kids are Funny

        I trust no life-changing decisions from anyone under the age of 25.  In
        fact, I prefer to mock them from the advantage point of a few more years
        away from the rages of puberty.  I tend to be amused by their choices in
        careers, sexuality, politics, and religion (especially religion).  I am
        as amused by the 19-year old trust fund Wiccan Goth dispensing the
        wisdom of the ages as I am by the college feminist under the four-year
        lesbian plan.  It is rare to find someone at 30 who is still in the
        thrall of the ideas which claimed them at the age of 20.

        I mock them, but I love them.  Perhaps the most enduring quality of
        youth is its gluttonous appitite for memetic experimentation.  It is the
        fire of blind passion they bring to it that troubles me.  Blind passion
        seems to be an inherent quality of a lack of experience.  This unchecked
        emotional-based exuberence is why extremists from both the right- and
        left-wing court them.  The young and idealistic make excellent cannon
        fodder for the causes of those possessing mature idealogies tempered by
        reason and reality.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 tcahr@hotmail.com                                   Copyright 2000, 2001, 2002



