
           TCAHR - Better Living Through Memetics

Issue 18
Isn't He Better Than Some Stupid Indian?            02/08/01
------------------------------------------------------------
TCAHR has been quite amused by the problems at the
University of Illinois regarding their mascot, Chief
Illiniwek.  Frankly we don't see the fuss; there is an easy
and correct solution to all of this.

Let's face the facts.  Those who want to keep the Chief tend
to be of the same race and/or religion that killed and drove
the Chief's people right out of Illinois.  Generations
later, a bunch of other white Christians want to put a
Native American on their coffee mugs, t-shirts, and towels.
The arguement from that side is that the Chief logo isn't
disrespectful to Native Americans.  Makes perfect sense that
white Christians know that the Chief isn't demeaning.  After
all, what the Hell do all those protesting Indians know?

But we aren't concerned about the possible racism at play
at U of I.  We at TCAHR are more concerned with the immortal
souls of those who love the Chief so much.  We are concerned
that you are pissing off the wrong person.  There is only
one solution for your transgresions.

The Fighting Illini must become the Fighting Jesuses.

Think about it.  Here you are saying that the Chief holds a
position of respect.  You're wearing merchandise with the
Chief's face on it while the powerful, yet insecure, God of
your ancestors watches you from above.  ARE YOU ALL FUCKING
CRAZY?  Don't you read your bible?  How many people has YWHW
jacked the fuck up for the use of graven images?

If you really love YWHW and Jesus, you'll demand that Chief
Illiniwek with be replaced with the Son of Man!  I know you
want to use a brave and powerful symbol for your school.
Since the arguement is that a human being used as a logo
isn't disrespectful, how can you NOT make your Lord the
symbol of your school?  Are you telling me that Jesus can't
kick one lousy Indian's ass?

Now if you replace the human icon of the Chief with one of
the great spiritual leader of your race, those silly overly
sensitive Indians will be happy.  So will you!  After all,
don't you want the image of your God used to hock underwear?
Or do you think He's not good enough?

TCAHR prays for the future of your soul.
------------------------------------------------------------
tcahr@hotmail.com                             Copyright 2001



