
           TCAHR - Better Living Through Memetics

Issue 14
Machiavelli for Poseurs                             01/05/01
------------------------------------------------------------
Poor old Machiavelli never meant for his name to be tossed
about for two-bit poseurs to pretend they're deviously
brilliant.  Neither did Kafka or Nietzsche.

Did that strike a cord?  Are you a poseur?  No worries, we
are here to serve!  We realized how difficult it is to read
that big old whopping book, so TCAHR is going to go over
some of the sweetest points of "The Prince".  We'll give you
the quotes then do a little translation.  After reading this
issue you'll be able to regal your co-workers at the water
cooler with your knowledge of "The Mach".

Chapter 8 - Of Those Who Have Attained the Position of
            Prince by Villainy

Niccolo: "[I]n taking a state the conqueror must arrange to
commit all his cruelties at once, so as not to have to recur
to them every day, and so as to be able...to reassure people
and win them over by benefiting them.  Whoever acts
otherwise...is always obliged to stand with knife in hand..."

TCAHR: Okay, if you're going to screw people to get to the
top, screw everyone you have to all at once.  That way you
can then begin to deal with people in a more fair-minded
way; in this way you can build loyality.  If you continue to
screw people after reaching your position of power, you will
be forced to watch your back constantly. 

Chapter 15 - Of the Things for Which Men, and Especially
             Princes, Are Praised or Blamed

Niccolo: "A man who wishes to make a profession of goodness
in everything must necessarily come to grief among so many
who as not good.  Therefore it is nexessary for a prince,
who wishes to maintain himself, to learn how not to be good,
and to use this knowledge and not use it, according to the
necessity of the case."

TCAHR: If you want to be good, be good.  However you're in
for some heartache.  It's best to know how to be bad and be
bad when the situation calls for it.

Niccolo: "[I]t will be found that some things which seem
virtues would, if followed, lead to one's ruin, and some
others wich appear vices result in one's greater security
and wellbeing."

TCAHR: Nothing is cut-and-dried.  Sometimes being a prick
will help you more than being a creampuff.

Chapter 21 - How a Prince Must Act in Order to Gain
             Reputation

Niccolo: "A prince is further esteemed [when] he declares
himself without reserve in favour of some one or against
another...For if two neighbouring powers come to blows, they
are either such that if one wins, you will have to fear the
victor, or else not."

TCAHR: When a power struggle gives you the opportunity to
choose, do so.  That way you have a 50/50 chance of gaining
access to power and not having to watch your back.  If you
try to play it safe by choosing no one, the one who wins
has no compulsion to protect or help you.

Okay, you see how cool "The Mach" was?  How about reading
the book now?
------------------------------------------------------------
tcahr@hotmail.com                             Copyright 2001



