
           TCAHR - Better Living Through Memetics

Issue 22 
Indulging Reefer Madness                            03/12/01
------------------------------------------------------------
I'm going to start this one off by saying this article isn't
for everyone.  There's a bunch of idiots running around that
think doing drugs and having sex are a form of rebellion.
That's bullshit.

I don't mind people doing drugs or having sex, but the
morons who feel like telling me everytime they do pop a pill
or get their dicks sucked thinking they're impressing me are
fucking poseur trash.  I am not going to say "you're
hardcore" and welcome them into a brotherhood of imagined
coolness because they indulged in making themselves feel
good.  What's wrong with you people?  Fuck you and go away.

They gone?  Okay, the rest of you can read.  This article is
specifically for those who have never done marijuana, but
are giving positive or negative lip service.

The first two times I did pot were while I was doing open
mic readings in Chicago's "No Exit Cafe" of underground
fame.  Note to tourists: the No Exit has been brought out
and now has the feel of a Starbucks wanna-be.  Do not be
fooled into thinking this is the old No Exit full of pagans,
hippies, poets, and anarchists playing go and be-boping to
jazz. Those days are long gone.  Avoid this place at all
costs!

I digress.  Anyway those two times were in a dank basement
with people I met at the readings.  I felt like an absolute
poseur.  Doing weed, reading and discussing poetry; all the
while someone was banging on a bongo drum.  I didn't feel
anything while smoking.  In fact, looking at the situation
I was in, I felt like a total ass.  That was three years
ago.

Intellectually, I am pro-marijuana.  If you read all the
hippie propaganda crap and the government bullshit line,
eventually you come up with a nice wishy-washy opinion. I've
always stood by my own as-long-as-they-play-nicely, wishy-
washy opinion.

I could now quote all those marijuana statistics which both
sides of the issue throw about.  I now realize there's a big
difference in talking about dope and doing dope.  So I'm not
here to wow you with a logical rant meant to destroy your
ideas about marijuana.

I'm just here to state marijuana is really fucking good.

Last night at an associate's home, I decided to indulge
myself.  I have never felt so relaxed in my life!  As you
can imagine from reading some of my articles, Jet Jaguar is
a very opinionated, arrogant, and angry individual.  This is
not an act, I carry my neurotic and psychotic memes
everywhere I go.

Last night was the first time in a very long while that I
was able to just chill out.  My body slackened and the knots
which seemed to be a permanent part of my neck and back
disappeared.  I was almost convinced that the curls in my
hair actually became softer.  A nice numbness that tickled
the back of my knees came over me.  Getting up from the
couch wasn't even an option.

Contrary to the rumors I believed, my mind was still capable
of logic and I was able to have an decent coversation.  I
was able to follow the storyline of "Dogma"; the movie which
was playing on the television.  However, all of the self-
censoring and checking which my mind usually occupies itself
with were gone.  Even better than that, I didn't feel the
need to speak.  I spoke when I wanted to and I shut the fuck
up when I wanted to as well.  I was under no compulsion to
impress or entertain anyone.

I felt an incredible sense of well-being last night which
still lingers on my body as I type this.  Unlike booze,
which feels like a dirty and erratic high to me, I feel
incredibly clean.  Plus I feel no horrid after-effects.
I've been quite civilized all day.  Actually, I've been
better than civilized; I've been happy.

So does that mean Jet will be getting stoned every week?
HELL NO!  I like being tense and prepared for battle.  Being
programmed into a lifestyle which has lead me to the
experiences of being a petty thug, a rabble-rouser, a skin,
a soldier, and a bouncer has left me a little paranoid and
inclined to violence.  It keeps me from getting too
complacent.  I like the feeling of being more predator than
prey.

Still, even a modern-day social monster needs to relax
sometime.  I feel very, very good in knowing that there's
something out there to take the edge off someone like me
once in awhile.  Reading my anti-social qualifications
above, aren't you happy that it's out there as well?
------------------------------------------------------------
tcahr@hotmail.com                             Copyright 2001



