
           TCAHR - Better Living Through Memetics

Volume 02, Issue 01
The TCAHRian Resurrection                           10/29/01
------------------------------------------------------------
Oh?  You thought TCAHR was dead.  Didn't you know about the
legend about Jet Jaguar and the rebirth of the Big Bad Meme
Machine?

When old Communists in seedy bars of Chillicoati, Kansas
weep and shake their heads bitterly at the state of the
world, a raven-haired child of Aztec blood will come out of
the Midwestern plains of the United States to claim the
mantle of Jet Jaguar.  He will drop his sickle and hammer
and raise the Evil Memetic Empire instead.

As we all know, Chillicoati is located in Missouri; which
casts great doubt on this story.  Besides, I'm from Chicago
and the only Aztec I've ever seen was a SUV.

No, not true.  It's all lies.  There is a much more sinister
reason for our disappearence.  TCAHR had been corrupted by
the most powerful poisoner of opinion--friends and
associates.  It's very hard to make use of an alter ego when
someone walks up to you in a bar and yells "YOU MOTHER
FUCKER!"  As any fan of bad crime novels will tell you,
the best way to rid yourself of unwanted influences is to
fake your own death.  It worked for Tupac; Suge Knight will
never find him now!

TCAHR and Jet Jaguar had to "die"...for a little while.

I would have been back sooner, but I've been enjoying my
"death" a little too much.  I always knew that TCAHR was
waiting for me in a Zip Disk.  I was always on the verge
on picking it up, but would then pick up a Martini instead.

Then some buildings in New York fell down.  Did you all hear
about this?  Next thing I know, the president is leveling
mountains to hit molehills, 10-year old boys are being
interviewed by the FBI, there's grumblings against
multiculturalism, talk of identity cards, the UK is renamed
Airstrip One and ugly posters of Big Brother with eyes that
follow you are plastered everywhere.

Richard Gere was booed for talking about peace and
forgiveness!  Richard Gere!  How can you boo Richard Gere
who was in one of America's most beloved movies?  You know,
the love story about the WHORE!!!  Prostitution good, peace
bad.  Glad to see the American public's value system is
still functioning.

I know, I know.  That's not funny.   That's the problem;
it's not funny at all.  As America butches up and embraces
an even more intolerant stance, only a moron would write
against the social mores which preaches peace at the cost of
freedom; that's unpatriotic.  That moron would be even more
nutty if he already had a history of sending spam filled with
"unpatriotic" rants to organizations such as those
Moloch-worshipping baby eaters at the Republican National
Congress.  He'd definitely be certifiable if he did that
writing while referring to himself in the plural and making
allusions to an evil shadow empire.

Yet here WE are.  Well, well...

Jet Jaguar
TCAHR CEO
------------------------------------------------------------
tcahr@hotmail.com                             Copyright 2001



