
           TCAHR - Better Living Through Memetics

Issue 20
CEO Progress Report 2                               02/25/01
------------------------------------------------------------
Jet Jaguar here with the world infection report.  In the
past TCAHR cycle, we've continued our lessons on creation
of memes and virii.  We done a book report of sorts, went on
the road, and continued improving your lives through the
gift of sarcasm.  We seem to have been very busy.

Sadly, no.  Circumstances have slowed up down greatly.  I
can only blame myself for this.  Anyway, I'll let you decide
for yourself.

1. Advertising

Originally, we were hosted on Azian.Nu.  After all the hours
of hitting the search engines and webrings, Azian.nu shut
down.  Then we transfered to Virtue.Nu, and Virtue.Nu got
hacked.  So we were forced to mirror TCAHR at Envy.Nu.  Now
Envy.Nu has got problems of a graphical nature.  What can I
say?  You get what you pay for.

I've had to change my flyers three times and I only got two
copies of them printed up.  Seeing as Champlain is way too
expensive a place to make Xerox copies, I shall begin the
off-line phase of TCAHR's advertising in about a week or so.

Here's the standard plea for help.  Link us or download some
flyers.  The infection only spreads with the help of our
readers.

Flyer:           http://www.virtue.nu/flyer.html
Banner:          http://www.virtue.nu/tcahrbanner.gif
Linking Logo:    http://www.virtue.nu/smlogo.gif

I've also been using my web cam to pimp myself and draw
attention to TCAHR.  I don't know why my ugly mug attracts
people, but it does.  Guess I'm just a slut after all.

2. Memetic Attacks

We launched two memetic attacks in this cycle.  One was the
"Isn't He Better than a Stupid Indian?", the other was "Rudy
is an Idiot".  With attacks like "A Letter on Gothic
Racism", I was happy to launch them on article-publishing
websites.  I am no longer content to do this.  I'm now also
blasting politicians and corporate agencies directly through
e-mail.

I can almost see someone yelling "SPAM!" now.  However, I'm
not mass-mailing just anyone.  Every memetic attack is
targeted towards certain people.  I don't feel guilty about
my version of a online viral war and, quite frankly...

WE ARE NOT DONE YET!  We've discovered some very interesting
information about Illinois' Governor Jim Ryan, the University
of Illinois, and his link to Chief Illiniwek.  Shame, shame,
shame!  We're coming for you, Jimmy-baby!

Anyway, if you come here and see that TCAHR is gone, it was
probably due to our tactics.  Then we'll just find a new
free server and start the whole damn war again!

3. Website Changes

We had to clean up the place.  Instead of listing all our
articles on the index page, we created an archive section.
The CEO page is now the CEO Cam page.  Click on the graphic
inside to see the above mentioned ugly mug.

There was no interest in the e-newsletter version of TCAHR.
It has been stuck dead until we reach about 50 issues, then
we'll test the waters again.

Finally, welcome the links posted on the right-hand side of
the TCAHR index page.  TCAHR would never link to someone or
something which we do not use, trust, respect, or are filled
with absolute admiration for.  Some of the links will take
you to sites with ideas of thoughts which might not seem in
tune with TCAHR.  That's where the respect and absolute
admiration kicks it.

As for the webrings, I checked the stats and realized that
I've received 3 lousy hits from them.  They're gone.  Deal.

4. New Plans

TCAHR will have an audio section where you can hear your
humble CEO rant his ass off.  I'm told and believe that I'm
a better speaker than I am a writer.  This will not
interfere with the ASCII version of TCAHR.  The audio version
will be something to break up the monotony.  If I end up
having to choose between the audio version and the ASCII
version, the audio is dead.  That's not even the hardest
decision for me.

We've been recruiting writers and working on our network of
people who are witnesses to fucked-up shit.  I'm very happy
about this possiblity.  TCAHR was never meant to be a
soapbox for a few, it's meant to create and inspire memes.

I want conservatives, right-wingers, and unashamed
upper-income people to feel welcome to write for and enjoy
TCAHR.  I'm not out to launch left-wing memes, I'm out to
launch memes.  Period.

With the return of doing memetic attacks in this cycle, I've
begun to think about what forms TCAHR should come in.  I
don't mind writing the personal stuff.  I've even thought
about putting up issues of poetry.  Poetry is just as good
(possibly better) a way to get a point across.  I'm thinking
of doing the next few issues like that.  Any comments?

5.  The End of TCAHR

This all may not happen.  This may possibly be the last
article of TCAHR.  It almost certainly is for two weeks.
The Jet needs some time to think and reflect.  My NitchMach
neuro-programming is conflicting with my environment.  It's
during progress report time I allow myself to consider
quitting.  This cycle's end catches me at a long and bitter
mood which has been my constant companion for two weeks.
I'm not happy and the Nietchezian thought process in me
demands happiness.

I'm going to relax a bit before I begin a selfish quest to
hunt down some happiness for myself.  Hopefully, I'll find
some out there.

Jet Jaguar
TCAHR CEO
------------------------------------------------------------
tcahr@hotmail.com                             Copyright 2001



