
           TCAHR - Better Living Through Memetics

Issue 8
Gangland's Last Stand                               11/29/00
------------------------------------------------------------
I was watching a report on the rise of websites made by
nationwide street gangs.  Naturally I couldn't resist the
opportunity to check out the URLs and report back.

Each of these gangs has its symbols, by-laws, and a shit-
flows-downhill power structure.  Nothing there much
different than your usual large global corporation or U.S.
sanctioned killing machine.  Sure they have access to
weapons and break the law, just like your usual large global
corporation or U.S. sanctioned killing machine.

What struck me was the philosophy of the older leaders
versus that of the new breed.  Now usually I believe in
rhetoric and propaganda as much as I believe in unicorns and
God, but I was still struck by some of their thought 
processes.  Some of these old gangsters sound kind of
disappointed in the direction these gangs turned out.
There's a lot of talk of unity and protection of the
communities.  These old gansters knew their history and
philosophy.  I think some of these guys really started out
thinking they were going to change the world.  

However, then I checked out the words of the new breed.
You know them.  The dumbasses who flash gang signs on the
street to John Q Public.  The ones who get in John Q
Public's face.  The ones who tend to get beat up by John
Q Public because they stepped out of bounds.  You know them,
the stupid kids.  They seem more prone to the youthful
enjoyment of violence than Socialism.

By the way, I've never benefited from any gangster-based
neighborhood program when I lived in the hood.  Where was my
free breakfast program a la Black Panthers?  Where was the
protection from brutal cops?  I can't remember the last time
I heard of a gangbanger not killing someone with the same
color eyes and color skin as themselves.  If the words of
the original leaders of these gangs were once true, they're
all bullshit now.

In the end, the whole gang structure is nothing more than a
great big violent money-making machine.  It's capitalism at
its finest, no matter how much Mao or Malcolm X their
leaders can quote.  The brains lead and the stupid follow;
just like in every other army in the world.

However, what happens when all those brillant leaders die
off.  If they started in the 60s and the 70s, they've got to
be feeling their age.  Do the new breed think they're going
to take over?  With their proven stupidity?!  With the
educational standards in the United States today?!?!

Not fucking likely.  I'm not going to judge those big old
dinosaur gangs running amok.  They're not doing anything that
the government and the corporations don't do.  All three
sell shit and kill people.  I'm just going to take this
opportunity to say two words to those nationwide street
gangs...

Good.  Bye.
------------------------------------------------------------
tcahr@hotmail.com                             Copyright 2000



