
           TCAHR - Better Living Through Memetics

Issue 2
Reflections on Goth in Chicago                      08/24/00
------------------------------------------------------------
I. Introduction
How is Goth in Chicago?  In one word: screwed.  I've heard
that Chicago has one of the most friendly Goth communities
in the U.S..  I've also heard how easy acceptance is here.
Crap.  Frankly, if Chicago is the epitome of Good Gothiness,
then the whole sub-culture should be flushed.

While many Goths in Chicago bemoan the fact that yuppies
seem to be invading their nightclubs, they don't seem to see
how alike the two groups are in regards to money.  Money is
a big part of Goth.  We can brown-nose with the best of them.
It galls me to think that Punk, one of the most anti-
materialistic musical movements ever, gave birth to this
filthy capitalist bastard child.

Like our mainstream culture, Goth quickly degenerates into
two groups: the haves and the have-nots.  It is in this
division where most of the problems lie.  The question of who
is Goth and who is not is no longer about the music, but the
showing-off of expensive toys.  A close look at the Goths
with the most influence also show those with the most
trappings.  These are also the Goths whom can afford to
dictate their opinions more effectively than others.

II. The Influence of Information
If I had to choose the most powerful access to information on
the Chicago circuit, I would choose the Gothic mailing lists.
In theory, this is the meeting place for all Goths to give
opinions and information freely.  The truth is that these lists
breed a pecking order within the scene.

At the top of this pecking order would have to be those in charge
of the mailing lists themselves.  The admins have a lot of sway
in the minds of the newer and/or less popular Goths.  Sometimes
they never realize how one statement from them can begin a
barrage of negative and misguided opinions.  I, myself, have
already read many racist and elitist arguements begun by some
signature lines of one admin.  Admins also suffer or benefit
from a blitz of ass-kissing members.  There have been instances
where an admin can say something completely trival and the members
of the list will be filled by statements of agreement for the next
2 or 3 days.

Another section of influence within mailing lists are the
afore mentioned Goths of affluence.  This has some benefits
to the whole scene.  The currently most popular mailing list in
Chicago was created in the wake of destruction of a former list.
When that list was gone, it was members of this class of Goths
which began the current ones.  It is also those of this class
which stand the best chance of speaking their minds freely
against its fellow class or an admin.  However, they rarely
do.  Instead, they pride themselves on being the paragons of
Goth style and culture, wowing us with oft-repeated stories of
whom they met, what they brought, and where they went...at
nauseum.

The last major sphere of influence is controlled by 
intellectuals.  This is also the only group the average Goth 
has a chance to join....at least online.  And this is also
the most petty of the three.  The admins can rest assured in
their power over the list by regulating rules and enforcing
them.  The affluent ones are usually the admin's friends.  
The intellectual, however, must prove him- or herself.  This
usually takes the form of a "flame war" where participants
lower themselves to a match of philosophies which
cannot be won.  The only thing that can be won is prestige and
respect.  The dynamics of this group are such that it can upset
the nature of the list and cause deep resentment within.

The rest of the list members, which is the majority, have no
real power.  Their opinions means nothing and are rarely noted.
At the very worst, their opinions are met with great hostility
if they are contrary to the opinions of the other three
groups.  I remember one conversation I had with a member
of the intellectuals about this problem.  It seems that one
unpopular Goth gave a rather violent, unconformist opinion
to a question that had been poised.  This was set upon by
members of the other groups.  However, when this member of
the intellectuals gave a opinion of the same mind frame,
he was applauded.  The double standard seems to be well-placed.
 
Sadly, all of these factors combine to make a chance for
improvement in the Chicago Goth scene unrealistic.  While other
cities may start benefits and organizations which help
mainstream society or Goth itself, we in Chicago seem
more interested in crapping out the same old shit ideas
we ate months before and patting ourselves on the back for
it.

III. The Darkness of Money
Goths love to play the victim role.  While most talk of Goth
virtues appear to promote unity, all it takes is a typical
night with group of Goth at a nightclub to prove these words
to be lies.  The club is a Goth's favorite place to play
"I'm more Gothier than thou."  Judgement of new Goths in this
atmosphere is even less fair than on a mailing lists.  Here
it's all about a look based on a dubious sense of style.
The right "look" will bring a invitation to speak with
someone and share your mind.  The wrong "look" will win you
wicked whispers and sneers.  The easiest way to get this
"look" is to buy it.  Naturally, it is in this capacity the
affluent Goth will flourish.

Unfortunely, it is the opposite of the affluent Goths which
will be set upon; targeted for nothing less than a lack of
money or not being enslaved to the dress code.  These poor
individuals don't even realize that they have been made a
target.  While our hapless friend dances or sit down for a
drink, s/he is being subject to hidden giggles and horrid
remarks of such base subjects as attractiveness and clothes.
If a Goth of sufficent status demeans a newcomer, the
former's comments may be (and usually are) misconstrewed
through the trickling down of gossip, that person may never
have a chance of being accepted into the general Gothic
community.

Strangely enough, the mailing lists in Chicago tend to buffer
 newer Goths in the scene from this hassle.  The list members
devise and institute so many outings that bonds of friendship
and acceptance can be forged without having to enter the
treacherous club scene.  However, for the Goth without Internet
access or knowledge of these lists, the club scene is the only
way to go.

The true shame of all this is that by ignoring someone
because of their looks (including skin color) and financial
class, the general scene ignores the infusion of new blood.
Brillant ideas may never be shared; all due to the price of
one tacky ruffled shirt!

IV. Spare the Cover, Spoil the Goth
It amazes and infuriates me how a Goth will spend $90
on a shirt, but refuse to pay the $5 cover on nights
live bands play at the club.  By word of mouth, I hear
that Chicago is relatively inexpensive went it comes to
Goth nights at the club.  The regular cover is $2.  Live
band night is $5.  We in Chicago have heard fantastic
bands like Faith and the Muse, Autumn, Sunshine Blind,
and the like for $5.  Except for Faith and The Muse, all
those bands brought grumbling from most Goths.

Let's dissect live band night.  For $3 dollars more than
usual, we get a live show that lasts about an hour.  One
hour.  The rest of the night plays as usual.  Now let's
think of simple economics.  Goth music isn't exactly
thriving; it needs an influx of new talent.  Those brave
ones which decide to play Goth music instead of more
profitable kinds of music need money.  Money for
transportation, repair and maintanance of instruments,
and good old-fashioned encouragement.  What Goth in their
right mind would start or schedule a Goth band in Chicago?
Nights that lesser known bands play are notoriously empty.

The problem is that we've become spoiled in Chicago.  The
popular and regular Goths are surprised when they are asked
to pay the cover!  I've been in groups of more than 10 where
one Goth says they'll get all of them into a club on their
popularity.  Doesn't Neo and Smart Bar, which both already
have low covers, deserve to make a profit?  We have more
than enough free venues in this city!  Instead, we try
to bleed dry those few places that accept us!

If Goth nights continue to be such a low profit area for
the club owners, exactly how long do we expect the clubs
to play Goth music? Look at Club 950.  The owner is
switching formats and I don't blame him.  Techno nights
are on the average making $10 on the cover alone.  Is
it cruel to change a club which has been home to punks,
new-wavers, and Goths for years?  Perhaps, but it's smart
business.

V. What's my Funking Problem?
After all this bitter, overintellectual ranting it would
be irresponsible of me not to dedicate a section to what
is good in the Chicago Goth scene.  While I still fully
believe in the power plays going on in the Chicago Goth
scene mailing lists, I also realize that the mailing lists
are needed.  The information found there is top-notch and
vital to keeping the scene alive.  It is the lifeline
which keeps us to date of special club nights, museum
events, birthdays, etc..

I, however, will never retract or alter my opinion on
the ease of buying one's way into the Gothic sub-culture.
It happens as surely as the tight-fisted attitude that is
shown at the clubs on band night and the back-stabbing
insults being hurled about on such foolish topics as
clothing and dancing.

I may blast these attitudes in this rant, but that does
not mean I'm holier-than-thou.  My friends and associates
who know me would tell you I am a flame war participant
of the worse kind.  Bull-headed and arrogant, I keep
the flame war going with either intellect or insults.
It's all the same to me.  I've kissed a little ass on
those same lists in my time, too.  My former associates
at the clubs also know my sharp and wicked tongue has
been aimed at more than a few innocents.  Yup, I've
skipped out on a few band nights and covers myself.
Defending my actions would be useless; I am gulity of
the same crimes I bitch and moan about.  Would it be too
cliche to say I'm trying to change?

So what is my funking problem?  When I started writing
this a few months ago I just wanted to vent.  I've had
a lot of time to think since then; time to reflect on
my true opinions on this scene.  I may not be around
anymore, but I truly love the Goth scene due to one
little thing: community.  All communities have their
problems and ours is no different.

I believe Goths are made long before actually becoming
Goths.  As a kid, I watched old Vincent Price movies on
late night television.  As a teenager, I wrote sonnets
and drew a lot of dark imagery.  I strolled cemeteries,
finding a great source of inspiration and peace there.
I've been a pagan for most of my life and a follower of
Hecate for the past two.  These things and thousands more
have marked me as different.  I didn't fit in the mainstream.
I used to look for people who would understand me with no
success.  I thought it was just me.

Soon after my 21st birthday, I first walked into a Goth
nightclub (in blue jeans and a white t-shirt no less!)
that I knew I belonged somewhere.  I was home.

Home could be better, but at least there's understanding
here.  Where else could you say that you used to play that
you were dead as a kid and not be looked at like a freak.

And that, my friends, is cool.
------------------------------------------------------------
tcahr@hotmail.com                             Copyright 2000



