
           TCAHR - Better Living Through Memetics

Issue 19
Rudy is an Idiot                                    02/15/01
------------------------------------------------------------
I was steaming about the following topic already, but damn
it all if that idiot Rudy Giuliani didn't have to be a
complete dumb-ass Nazi wanna-be and launch another attack on
the arts.

So let's start with a quick psuedo-psychological test by
checking out your gut responses to these following
statements:

Existentialism is stupid.
Trans-humanism is stupid.
Fatalism is stupid.
Jungism is stupid.
Catholicism is stupid.
Judeoism is stupid.

I betting that some of you did internal flip on the last
two.  Why?  The only thing that make the last two statements
different is that they are systems of thought which rely of
the existence of a probably fictitious deity.  Take away God
and you are left with the system of thought.

Now if I gathered a random 10 people and took them to a cafe
where we would probe the concept of existentialism, the
debate might become heated.  People may be offended.  People
may even actually be woken up out of their slumber and
actually have to do something as uncomfortable as think!
But in the end, we shared ideas and picked up new
perceptions.

Now let's that the same 10 people and instead make the
subject Christianity or Judeoism.  Then we have to deal with
being called intolerant, anti-Semetic, and the like.
We would offend the people at the table, the waiters, the
other tables, and probably get kicked out on our asses.  I
guess it's not nice to question God, He may rain down a
plauge of locust and frogs on the whole city as an
expression of His love for humanity.

I have to laugh at the concepts of freedom of speech and of
expression in this country.  What good are these freedoms
when the arts are barraged by such forces as money and
politicians.  Whenever an artist is capable of sucessfully
busting through the doors of cash without painting such risque
material such as pretty posies, then an idiot in power tries
to prove his or her cock-power and lock them out.

We aren't allowed to witness questionable material.  We
aren't allowed to make our own judgements.  In essence, we
are not allowed to think.  The masses must be protected from
thinking about radical ideas by a few minds with their own
issues in the halls of power.  We might as well fill the
libraries and art museums with Hallmark cards.  We should
remember the lessons of history; one of the first targets of
Hitler's Nazi regime was the arts.  I have to wonder what
picture of New York is Rudy trying to build.

Trying to shut down something or someone due to religious
fever is stupid.  That's the thinking of an idiot, a moron,
or even worse, a Giuliani.
------------------------------------------------------------
tcahr@hotmail.com                             Copyright 2001



