=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
- P.I.S.S. Philez Number 49 =
=                           -
-      The Train Box        =
=                           -
-        by Skrike          =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

I take no credit for the ideas shared in this article, someone may 
have discovered this a long time ago, I think it is interesting and I
am passing it on to the reader.

	On regular occasions, my FLB (free loading bastards) boyz and 
I make regular raids on DI. We usually do this late at night after 
closing hours. DI is a good place to find stuff because they have it 
set up for people to drive around back and drop off donations. I'm not 
proud of this, but hey when your a poor college student you gotta live 
somehow. Anyway, when I was there a couple weeks ago, someone had 
dropped off this train set, so I ripped the electrical motor off it so 
I could use the wires for another project I was working on. Well its 
been sitting in my apartment ever since, until the other night....

	I was making a new beige box to use for that evening, and I 
unscrewed the phone jack from the wall, and pulled the wires out to 
test it. I hooked it up and it worked fine, except for the fact that 
my roomate was on the phone, as he always is, talking to some anal 
retentive chick about some stupid subject, and she probably doesn't 
like him anyway. I lead an interesting life as you can tell. Well, as 
I was playing with the wires, I noticed the train switch sitting there. 
So I plugged it in, turned the voltage up and connected the phone wires
with the electrically charged wires. Almost immediately I heard my 
roomate screaming in the next room, "Hello, Hello?" I laughed for a 
while and did it again, until he got off the phone. I thought this was 
very cool. 

	The fluctuation of the current (electromagnetic waves) on the 
telephone line is what carries the voice. When you attatch a battery 
or other electrical source to it you're disturbing the flow that is 
already present, causing mass fluctuations, which is the static. 

	While thinking about potential uses for this, I thought it's 
not very convienient to carry around a little generator in my pocket, 
find an outlet and exposed phone lines everytime I wanna kick someone 
off the phone. It works great for my purposes. But it got me thinking 
along the same lines as a busy box. A busy box basically makes it so 
when a person picks up their phone they do not get a dial tone, and 
people cannot call them. Its very inconvienient, and very easy to 
accomplish. But if a person could connect, say a 9 volt battery 
(im not sure if this is enough voltage or not) to someones external 
telephone wires, hypothetically, everytime they picked up the phone, 
they would hear static. And if someone tried to call them, if the 
voltage was low enough not to affect the incoming call status, it would 
ring, but when the person answered, all they would hear would be static. 

	A normal person would have no idea why this static was occuring, 
and would probably need to use a neighbors phone to call the phone 
comapny. Unlike the busy box the telephone company, probably would be 
able to see tell that the line is having trouble. The telco company's 
switch can measure the voltage, current and resistance of any telephone 
line atatched to it. If a switch detects abnormalities, it will mark 
the line as having trouble. So a telco may or may not contact the person 
before they do. Not having tested this yet, I have no idea how long this 
"static" will continue, before being detected. It will be interesting to 
see, if the 9 volt battery will work, and supply enough voltage to a 
line to create a disturbance. Someone try and e-mail me with their 
results. Make sure you form a complete circuit. By attaching the wires 
from the positive terminal of the battery to the green wire (tip) and 
from the negative terminal to the red wire (ring). If a 9 volt battery 
doesnt work, try to get something with a liitle more voltage and that 
should do the trick.

skrike@ida.net
http://compound.dyn.ml.org/skrike

----------------------------------------------------------------------
PISS - People into Serious Shit

Founders - Defenestrator, PhrostByte
Members - 
Author Parselon
Wu Forever
kQs
Extinction
Grench
Rhodekyll
Dial Tone
Psycho Phreak
Djdude
Circular Reclusion
Havok Luther
AT2Screech
Phantom Operator
Apocalypse
Skrike

Contributors- 
Sameer Ketkar
The Axess Phreak

PISS, the author, and anyone else does not take responsibility for what
you do with the stuff contained in this file.  If you get busted, 
don't cry to us.  We don't care.  We have never done any of this.
Really.  And we don't condone it.  Uh-huh.

Want more stuff?  Go to http://piss.home.ml.org

E-mail the group at davematthews@rocketmail.com

(C) Copyright 1997 PISS Publications and also copyrighted by the author.
This file may be posted freely as long as this notice stays on the end.
All rights reserved.  Or something like that.
