=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
- P.I.S.S. Philez Number 48 =
=                           -
-   Understanding Phones    =
=                           -
-        by Skrike          =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

	For those of you first entering the "scene" welcome. In this 
article I aim my attentions, at you, who do not understand many basic 
principles of our lovely phone system. All modern communication 
devices rely on the electromagnetic spectrum to send and manipulate 
data. In order to understand how this works first picture a wave. A 
starting point, rising to a crest and then dipping into a trough and 
rising again. These waves can be described in 2 different ways, the key 
characteristics of an analog signal are made up of this. 1. strength, 
or amplitude of the wave (the vertical distance between a wave trough 
and crest) and the frequency (the number of times per second the wave 
cycle repeats) Most telephones work by copying the variations of sound 
waves generated at the transmitting end onto analog electromagnetic 
waves, which are converted back into sound waves when they arrive at 
the receiving end. The specific qualities of a sound -- its loudness 
and its pitch, for example -- depend on the waves' amplitude, or 
strength, and on their frequency, or how closely together waves are 
spaced (measured in cycles per second, called hertz). The 
electromagnetic spectrum ranges from extremely low-frequency radio 
waves of 30 hertz -- with a wave length of the Earths diameter -- to 
high frequency cosmic rays of more than 10 million trillion hertz, 
with wavelengths smaller than the nucleus of an atom. 

	The range of frequencies making up a signal is called a 
bandwidth. The human voice, for example, can typically generate 
frequencies from 100 to 10,000 hertz, for a bandwidth of 9,900 hertz; 
laser optical fibers, in contrast, operate over a band of 200 trillion 
hertz. Because the ear does not require a vast range of frequencies to 
elicit meaning from ordinary speech, the phone company typically allots 
a total bandwidth of 4,000 hertz for voice transmission.The wide bands 
of fiber optics and other high frequency media, such as microwaves, can 
thus accomodate many phone conversations, once the signal has been 
translated to a higher frequency. 

	Phone transmissions are implemented by multiplexing. This 
multiplexing allows multiple streams of electronic messages to be 
transmitted over the same connection in the time otherwise required for 
one message. Multiplexing is effected in two major ways: 
frequency-division multiplexing (FDM) and time-division multiplexing 
(TDM). The older of the two, FDM, is used with analog transmission. The 
analog signal is impressed on another analog signal of different 
frequency -- a carrier -- altering the carriers shape so that it bears 
the pattern of the message. The carrier frequency generally remains 
constant; only its amplitude varies, at a rate corresponding to that of 
the message signal. Since each carrier has a different frequency, 
carriers can be stacked one atop the other and sent together over a 
cable or microwave radio link capable of carrying a broad range of 
frequencies; the carriers are then separated at the other end. The 
greater the mediums bandwidth, the more carriers it can transmit, and 
the more messages it can handle simultaneously.

	Time division multiplexing operates by a kind of round robin, 
employing a device that scans individual channels in rotation -- taking 
a byte from each channel and transmitting the bytes in a string, 
according to a sequence determined at the outset. In the TDM method, 
each byte is also condensed so that many can be sent during the time 
ordinarily required for one: Each byte is briefly stored in a buffer, 
then released as a series of much shorter pulses, leaving a space of 
unused time between series. Into these spaces, similarly condensed 
bytes from other channels can be inserted.

	TDM is implemented on digital transmissions. It works on a 
principle similar to a token ring network. 

	I hope this helped you a little. More on phones next month.

 -- Skrike
skrike@ida.net
http://compound.dyn.ml.org/skrike
shoutouts to akseez who got me started in all this

----------------------------------------------------------------------
PISS - People into Serious Shit

Founders - Defenestrator, PhrostByte
Members - 
Author Parselon
Wu Forever
kQs
Extinction
Grench
Rhodekyll
Dial Tone
Psycho Phreak
Djdude
Circular Reclusion
Havok Luther
AT2Screech
Phantom Operator
Apocalypse
Skrike

Contributors- 
Sameer Ketkar
The Axess Phreak

PISS, the author, and anyone else does not take responsibility for what
you do with the stuff contained in this file.  If you get busted, 
don't cry to us.  We don't care.  We have never done any of this.
Really.  And we don't condone it.  Uh-huh.

Want more stuff?  Go to http://piss.home.ml.org

E-mail the group at davematthews@rocketmail.com

(C) Copyright 1997 PISS Publications and also copyrighted by the author.
This file may be posted freely as long as this notice stays on the end.
All rights reserved.  Or something like that.
