=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
- P.I.S.S. Philez Number 65 =
=                           -
-       Phone Books         =
=                           -
-        by Kalony          =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

                              ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿  
                              ³  P H O N E  ³
                              ³  B O O K S  ³
                              ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´
                              ³     B Y     ³
                              ³ K ä L O N Y ³
                              ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
                    
We've all called up the TSPS ("0") operator at least once and asked for one of
the following things: an area code for a certain city/county, asking if a 
prefix is local or long distance, an ICC (International Calling Code).  Well,
you've just wasted yours, and the operator's time if you had a phone book 
available.  The first few pages of your phone book are FULL of useful 
information.  This information includes:

1.  Any notes about area code changes/splits
2.  Names/numbers of federal officials (school reports, prank calls, etc.)
3.  Crisis lines (prank calls)
4.  Your business office's phone number (service changes for yourself/others)
5.  Numbers to call for time/weather
6.  COCOT (Called COPT in the phone book) service/vendor numbers
7.  Telephone directory ordering numbers (start a collection of phone books)
8.  Service information ("What the hell is Delayed Call Forwarding?!") 
9.  TDD (deaf phone) information and numbers
10. "Lost or Stolen Calling Card" hotlines (shut off someone's calling card)
11. Basic information on COCOT's (once again, called COPT's in the book)
12. List of categories for prefixes and prefixes local to that category
13. Prefixes and the cities they are for in your area
14. Area code/Time zone map
15. Area codes and the states they are for
16. Long list of International Calling Codes
17. List of long distance company access codes (10288, 10222, etc.)

Your business office's phone number can be very useful for changing services
for other people or for yourself.  Next door neighbor need three-way calling
next time you beige him?  Get this number, change his service, beige.

For those of you that care, COPT in the phone book means Customer Owned Pay
Telephone.  Same meaning as COCOT (Customer Owned Coin Operated Telephone) 
but different acronym.

Having a telephone directory from a different state can be good for harassing
someone in that area, or for third number billing purposes.  I'm sure you can
think up lots of other reasons it would be cool.

TDD numbers are really great to have if you're bored off your ass at the 
airport.  Just call up one of these numbers on a payphone w/ a keyboard and
give them a local number, whether you know the person or not.  Local calls on
pay phones are free for deaf people, it's a courtesy thing.  The operator has
to say exactly what you type to the person you call, no matter how obscene, 
illegal, or utterly pointless.  TDD's don't have punctuation and have a few
shortcuts you will need to know: Q is a question mark.  GA is "Go Ahead," be
sure to end all of your lines that don't end in "Q" with this, or you'll look
like a stupid little phreak playing with a deaf phone.  SKSK is "Goodbye." 
Type this to end the call, then hang up.  For more information on TDD's, look
it up.  This isn't a TDD text, after all.

Shutting off a not-so-loved one's calling card has been proven to irritate 
the living hell outta them.  Call up the line, tell 'em you lost your wallet
and your calling card was in it.  Act worried.  If/when they ask for your PIN
number, tell them that you hadn't memorized it but had it written down on a
piece of paper in your wallet, which you lost, or make up your own story.  
You get the idea.

The list of prefix category is also VERY useful for exchange scanners or just
for anyone that wants to know if a call is local or not.  Look at each box
until you see your prefix, then there will be a list of prefixes local to your
prefix.  Then dial up all of those prefixes using the suffix "00XX" or "99XX"
("XX" being all numbers 1-9) and find lots of interesting phone company test
lines, loops, and recordings.

There is also a list of prefixes for a few surrounding area codes.  I'm sure
you can find a use for this.

There are many VERY obvious uses for a list of area codes.  If you have a 
phone number and don't know where it is located, look at the list.  Another
advantage to this over other area code lists is that this one has them listed
in numerical as well as alphabetical order.  So if you have the area code 609
just slide your finger down the list, past 205, past 310, past 403, past 505, 
down to 606, 607, 608, and 609, which you find to be in New Jersey.  The area
codes are also listed by state, so if somebody asks you where you live and you
happen to lie and say you live in a different state and they ask for your 
phone number, you just flip through this list, find the state, pick an area
code and make up the rest of the number, thus backing up your lie a little 
better.

A list of ICC's can be invaluable for people that abuse AT&T's refund service
by getting refunds for international calls they never made.  You'll notice 
though, that if you make up a bullshit international number, the op will get
pissed.  The ICC's for certain countries are followed by a list of prefixes
for various cities in that country.  So if you want to get a refund for a 
number in Asmara, Eritrea, you would give the operator the country code 291 
for Eritrea, the city code 1 for Asmara and make up 6 digits.  "6 digits?  You
stupid bucketass, phone numbers have 7 digits."  In the U.S. and the majority
of other countries, yes, but not everywhere.  This list also tells you how
many digits are in the phone number itself (prefix + suffix).

The long distance company access code list tends to be short and useless, but
I thought I'd tell you it was there anyway.

The purpose of this text hasn't been resolved yet, but when I figure it out, 
it will be updated.  For now, I'll just say, when you're bored, read your 
phone book.

Die,
Kälony

----------------------------------------------------------------------
PISS - People into Serious Shit

Founders - Defenestrator, PhrostByte
Members - 
Author Parselon
Wu Forever
kQs
Rocketeer
Grench
Rhodekyll
Dial Tone
Psycho Phreak
Djdude
Circular Reclusion
AT2Screech
Phantom Operator
Apocalypse
Skrike
Kalony
FreeRadical

Contributors- 
Sameer Ketkar
The Axess Phreak
Devnull

PISS, the author, and anyone else does not take responsibility for what
you do with the stuff contained in this file.  If you get busted, 
don't cry to us.  We don't care.  We have never done any of this.
Really.  And we don't condone it.  Uh-huh.

Want more stuff?  Go to http://piss.hypermart.net

E-mail the group at piss@softhome.net

© Copyright 1998 PISS Publications and also copyrighted by the author.
This file may be posted freely as long as this notice stays on the end.
All rights reserved.  Or something like that.
