=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
- P.I.S.S. Philez Number 57 =
=                           -
-       Speed Pass          =
=                           -
-      by At2Screech        =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

More, (or Less,) on Speed Pass

	Okay, anyone that reads 2600 on a regular (yes I realize that
there is precious little regular about this zine anymore,) basis is going
to know that someone by the name of A.M. wrote in about the way that
these little things function.  What he said was for the most part
correct, however he missed a few things that are fairly critical to the
actual operation side of the house in terms of the way the units and the
base machines interface.  In the event that anyone wonders how I came
about this information, I have no life and I sit around smoking
cigarettes and pondering crap like this, and saying A-HA! A lot.  I like
listening to my ceiling fan.  And cardboard.  My hobbies include washing
windows, cleaning my glasses, looking for parts of my body that do not
smell offensive, trying on all of my underwear and eating a lot of warm
cottage cheese and plain gelatin.  My favorite color is clear and I love
the smell of anything unscented.  Moving on.

PART 1-Functional Type Crap (If you read the article this should be a
rehash.)

There are two types of units on the market right now, the kind that you
wave at the little horsey on the pump and the kind that sits in an
awfully thievery inducing place in the back window of the cars.  The
principle is the same with some minor differences in terms of return
strength from the window unit which puts out a stronger RF signal due to
the distance needed to travel back to the machine.  When you walk up to
the pump and wave there is already a constant signal being radiated
outward in a fairly narrow cone shaped beam, (no I do not know how the
side lobes are suppressed or if there is enough signal present to merit
attempting to record it, I am not sure but I believe they are damped
rather well to prevent monitoring,) that hits the keytag and starts off a
lovely little series of events.  The first thing that happens, (that Mr.
A.M. managed to get right,) was that the signal is rectified picked up by
the coil which effectively makes it your basic inductive type antenna. 
The signal then flows up through the circuit where it gets cleaned a
little to prevent outside interference, and is then passed to a
microprocessor for decryption.  That’s right, decryption.  The signal
that comes off of the machine is encrypted and contains a specific set of
commands for the processor to execute, namely to send another pulse of
coded information back to the machine for validation as to who owns that
tag and if they can buy gas or not.  The unit in the pump at this point
will display a ONE MOMENT PLEASE… message or something akin to that while
the initial validation is completed.  Parts of the validation process
include verifying that the tag in use hasn’t been reported stolen, and
that the credit card being charged is still good, so on and so forth. 
That done and your credit card approved the pump spits out another signal
telling the keytag to re-encrypt using the latest and greatest in codes
available.  This prevents people from taking and intercepting the signal
to/from the pump or the tag and just emulating it for gas again and
again.  Every time the keytag gets used it gets a new identification
number and encryption scheme that for lack of a better word fingerprints
the tag.  The encryption scheme used in conjunction with the system is of
the milspec level and cannot be exported under current US law to other
countries.

PART 2- Stolen Tags

If you notice that Mobil has done a good bit to beef up their security in
most stations and now has a large assortment of cameras, x-ray machines,
innocuous soda machines and armored cars sitting around watching their
customers.  This is for one reason only, if a keytag is reported stolen
and someone attempts to use the thing somewhere when the validation
signal is sent from the tag to the pump instead of getting a ONE MOMENT
PLEASE and then a BEGIN FUELING you get a PLEASE SEE CASHIER.  If you
get this and you are using a stolen tag, you can bet that the cashier is
already looking up the account info and taping everything that you do. 
Bet on providing cash and a photo ID, and/or talking to the heat when
they get there.

PART 3- Things Similar

In the event that you live around southern Kalifornia you should have
noticed by now that there seem to be these little Fast Pay lanes popping
up all over the place.  One example of these things can be seen on the
I-15 heading north about even with Miramar/Rancho Bernardo area, large
black and white sign that says Fast Pay on it etc.  Essentially what Fast
Pay means that instead of stopping to pay a toll on the freeway you go
zipping along at the standard slightly sub-sonic speeds that you’re used
to on the roads out here.  The units themselves are white, square, and
plastic, and are very much similar in appearance to the Speed Pass
transponders mounted on the back windows of Mobil victimized automobiles.
 The major differences between the two come in how they talk to the
antennas outside of the automobile and what they say when they say it. 
Can’t really say much more about it other than the fact that it is a
little less security conscious when it spits out information.

PART 4- Messing with the things.

Now I’m not recommending this to anyone for any reason because it would
be unethical, (and everyone loves to be nice all the time,)  however it
is possible to get a look at the what the pulses look like when they come
out of the machine.  All one needs an oscilliscope.  Remember, there are
pick off points on the back of the processor board itself, and one could
more than certainly play with the signals [important part] coming off of
the [important part] coil near the front.  The keytags themselves are
fairly resistant to tampering with and unless you know a good bit about
microprocessor design I would recommend not messing with the things as
you may lose a new toy.  Now on with the disassembly, get a keytag from
unsuspecting idiot or go out and buy one of the damn things from Mobil. 
There really giving and will send you more if need be, I’m not going to
bother touching on that because if you can’t haggle a fifty-cent piece of
shit transponder out of a bunch of corporate operator goons you need to
go play in traffic with a loaded gun.  If you’ve already read the 2600
article then don’t bother reading any of the rest of this because its
going to be boring.  Open the casing by cutting it with a heated knife
along the injection molding line, inside of there is a small plastic tube
with the PCB and some shock damping fluid in it.  Break the tube open and
fish the circuit out of it.  This is the guts of the thing.  Do yourself
a favor and do not fiddle with the coil, you’ll break it and then be up
shit creek.  Take a scope lead and run it to the ass end of that antenna,
what you will be reading there should be something that looks a lot like
a square wave of some variety, that is if you are standing in the gas
station at the very second that you are doing all of this.  If you’re
sitting at home, (assuming you do not live in or very near to a Mobil
station,) you won’t get shit but that should be readily apparent.

Now go forth and wreak havoc.  -at2screech

----------------------------------------------------------------------
PISS - People into Serious Shit

Founders - Defenestrator, PhrostByte
Members - 
Author Parselon
Wu Forever
kQs
Extinction
Grench
Rhodekyll
Dial Tone
Psycho Phreak
Djdude
Circular Reclusion
Havok Luther
AT2Screech
Phantom Operator
Apocalypse
Skrike
Kalony

Contributors- 
Sameer Ketkar
The Axess Phreak
Devnull

PISS, the author, and anyone else does not take responsibility for what
you do with the stuff contained in this file.  If you get busted, 
don't cry to us.  We don't care.  We have never done any of this.
Really.  And we don't condone it.  Uh-huh.

Want more stuff?  Go to http://piss.hypermart.net

E-mail the group at piss@softhome.net

© Copyright 1998 PISS Publications and also copyrighted by the author.
This file may be posted freely as long as this notice stays on the end.
All rights reserved.  Or something like that.
