=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
- P.I.S.S. Philez Number 35 =
=                           -
-   The Net and the Media   =
=                           -
-     by Defenestrator      =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

The media today has power that most people don't believe.  People
blindly follow anything that a show such as 20-20 or a magazine such as
Newsweek says.  And the media portrays the Internet as a porn-ridden
meeting place for pedophiles and other fucked up people.  I'm not 
saying that pr0n is wrong (well kid stuff is) but I'm just saying that
the media and the public in general has the wrong idea about the Net.
Let's see what would happen if what the media said really was true.

As I log in to my ISP, as soon as I connect to Hotmail to check my mail,
I'm flooded with porno pics and solicitations to go to some fuck's house
for a "meeting".  After I see that, I go into an ICQ or IRC chatroom,
and people either file transfer or DCC me some pr0n.  Then when I go to
ftp some kewl stuff, I'm overloaded with 10 Netscape windows popping up
with pictures of women doing dogs.  Once I actually get in, I find that
the ftp has been replaced with exclusively pr0n pics and ways to make
bombs (yes i know we did that, but if you actually tried it you are
stupid).

Now those of us who use the net know that this is a bunch of crap.
There are some objectionable things out there, but if you don't want to
see it, DON'T LOOK FOR IT.  You actually have to find these places, they
don't just come and pop out at you.  

A couple of days ago, I saw in Newsweek about a kid who had been having
a relationship with a pedophile, and some kid had knocked on the fucked
up kid's door, to sell something for school.  The fucked up kid, for
some reason, killed this other kid.  It was all over the news.  The
media was clamoring that this was a Net-related issue because he met the
pedophile over the net, and also that this kid had a web site.  Big
fucking deal.  Lots of people have websites.  This kid's website was
about Smashing Pumpkins (they suck), but still everyone claimed because
he had a web site that the net is fucked up.  Damn it.  I can't fucking
believe it.  How in the hell can anyone with an IQ over 3 say that this
was net-related?  It had nothing to do with the net, just the fact that
this kid was screwed up, and that the other kid shouldn't have knocked
on his door (i think this was in nyc, cuz i never knock on anyone's door
there that i don't know).

The media thinks pr0n is everywhere.  Like the other
day, when I was watching Johnny Bravo on the Cartoon Network (that
show's funny...and I was also waiting for Space Ghost) he had Johnny
logging into the net and he said, "Oh mama.  Women on the computer.  I
don't even have to meet them in real life."  Then he proceeded to go
into a "chat room" and talked to some "girl" who proceeded to go over
and meet him.  Now this would not really happen unless both people were
losers, or people without anything to do.  However, the joke was that
the person that showed up at Johnny's house was a deer.

Still, that's not my point.  The point is the stupidity of the American
public to blindly follow anything the television or printed media says.
So to them, until they try it, the net will be a filth-ridden hole in
which everyone who uses it is dealing kid pr0n.  That's fine.  We
probably don't want them anyways, if they can't make up their own damn
mind.

The thing that still gets me, especially living in the Bible Belt South,
is that these people try to push their values or beliefs on you, so that
you have no choice but to accept them.  This is what's happening with
the Communciations Decency Act.  If you haven't heard of this you've
been living underneath a rock for about three years.  The government,
because of this "widespread problem" wants to regulate everyone's
speech.  This includes the article I'm writing right now.  Probably it
would be knocked off because I swear so much and used the word porn.
Now is this indecent?  I think not.  Am I forcing this on you?  No.  But
are you reading this?  I guess so.  

Protect yourself from Big Brother.  
http://www.eff.org

Defenestrator
defenestrator@hotmail.com
for the mf'ers who say this is wrong, flame root@127.0.0.1

----------------------------------------------------------------------
PISS - People into Serious Shit

Founderz - Defenestrator, PhrostByte
Memberz - 
Author Parselon
Wu Forever
kQs
CGibbons
Extinction
Faekon/Homarid
Grench
Greenseed
Tim 121
Rhodekyll
Dial Tone
Psycho Phreak
Djdude
Circular Reclusion
Havok Luther
AT2Screech

Contributors- 
Sameer Ketkar

PISS, the author, and anyone else does not take responsibility for what
you do with the stuph contained in this phile.  If you get busted, 
don't cry to us.  We don't care.

Want more stuph?  Go to http://www.angelfire.com/sc/PISS/philez.html
The site will change as soon as I get money for one..

E-mail the group at davematthews@rocketmail.com

(C) Copyright 1997 PISS Publications and also copyrighted by the author.
This file may be posted freely as long as this notice stays on the end.
All rights reserved.
