=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
= P.I.S.S. Philez Number 69 -
-                           =
= School Computer Security  -
-                           =
=     by Defenestrator      -
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

If you ever took a computer class in high school, you'll know that the
school's administration goes to great lengths to keep you from having
your way with the computer/network.  Although at my previous high
school, having a Redhat box up as the server was just not working out
for them due to the two people who knew how to use a unix derived
system.  Anyway, here's some tips for you windows kiddies stuck at
school without total computer functionality.

1.  If you have one of those bastard schools that monitors the web sites
you visit, it's not ingrained into the OS.  There's probably a little
TSR running, and at my school it was called something like MS Web
Monitor.  If you have download privileges, get a low-level task manager
(something that lets you see _everything_ running) and just kill it.  If
you want to get rid of it for good, run regedit and find where it
starts.  I used to know exactly where it is kept but in my mind the
Windows registry is just a bunch of jumbled crap anyway.

2.  No download privileges?  Shame on them.  The ultra-fun route command
can show you what kind of gateways the internet connection goes through.
The gateway shouldn't be too hard to find in the tables, as it is the
one most like your own.  If you're a total networking moron, it doesn't
start with 127,0,or 255.  Once you have that figured out, muck with the
tables such that the connections are routed through a different computer
which is known to exist (like the one the teacher has) or if you know the
address of another valid gateway, use that.  Now you should be able to
at least reach what you want to.  If you don't want to mess with the
routing tables, there are options in Control Panel/Networking which let
you specify what proxy server you want to use.  Traceroute (tracert in
windows, I believe) some site to see what happens to your packets.  If
it goes through more than one gateway before getting to a router, change
the setting under the proxy server tab to the last gateway you get to.
Now you just cut out unnecessary hops and saved some bandwidth, plus if
the restrictions were on the first gateway they're not there anymore.

3.  No hard drive privileges?  It must suck ass to have to program like
this.  There may be an ultra-fun program called Full Armor which
controls crap like this, along with getting into Control Panel and other
functions.  One way to get around this is to bullshit someone with the
password into typing it in and either looking at it and memorizing it or
installing a keylogger and running it.  There are other ways around it,
as the password is probably encrypted somewhere in the registry or in
some system file, and there have already been plenty of texts written to
disable this program alone.  So I'm not going to waste my time doing it.

4.  Screensaver tampered with?  Got a password on it?  Reboot the damn
thing.  It took 3 CompUSA and Microsoft techs to figure this out after a
particularly adventurous trip to CompUSA before some movie.  (Note to
cUSA people: don't put your stores next to movie theaters where bored
computer knowledgeable people hang out.)  Then have your way with it,
although try not to look like a moron by using kr4d sp33k or misspelling
easy words (ez wordz).  People hate that.  Waste of intelligence.

5.  Bored as shit?  Tired of doing inane programs and/or worthless
spreadsheets or word processing or some of that other bullshit?  See how
many operating systems you can install on it before anyone knows what's
going on.  The record's four.  FreeBSD, Linux, Win95, SunOS.  Ha.

In conclusion, I'd like to say that just doing destructive things is a
pointless waste of time.  Really.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
PISS - People into Serious Shit (for lack of a better name)

Founder - Defenestrator
Members - 
PhrostByte
Author Parselon
Rhodekyll
Psycho Phreak
Djdude
Circular Reclusion
AT2Screech
Phantom Operator
Skrike
Kalony
FreeRadical
Comanche

Contributors- 
Sameer Ketkar
The Axess Phreak
Devnull

PISS, the author, and anyone else does not take responsibility for what
you do with the stuff contained in this file.  If you get busted, 
don't cry to us.  We don't care.  We have never done any of this.
Really.  And we don't condone it.  Uh-huh.  And if it doesn't have any
of this kind of information, how come you're still reading this?  Huh?
Answer me!

Want more stuff?  Go to http://home.piss.nu

E-mail the group at piss@softhome.net
Mail the editor at defen@gmx.net

© Copyright 1999 PISS Publications and also copyrighted by the author.
This file may be posted freely as long as this notice stays on the end.
All rights reserved.  Or something like that. 
