
FLIPPERSMACK 006 -- SPECIAL POETRY ISSUE

culturemag for a penguin generation
http://www.flippersmack.com


random thoughts
by pinguino

In about half an hour, I will be 23. I've been reflective about a lot of
things lately; there have been a lot of crazy changes in my life, for the
good and bad. Many rounds of the "what if" game have floated through my
head, swirlings of regrets and memories of happy times in the past.

The last few weeks have been chaotic, and I deeply apologize for the lack
of Flippersmack. To make up for it, we proudly present the SPECIAL POETRY
EDITION of Flippersmack! YAY! Penguin Palace is definately considering
publishing a poetry book featuring the works of monk, slapayoda, and
myself, sometime this year. 

Featured Poets :
pinguino	pinguino@comicartist.com
monk		monkstah@hotmail.com
slapayoda	slapayoda@yahoo.com

I hope that you enjoy this issue, and we'll be back next week with more
music reviews, interviews, and cultureshock articles!

love to penguins!
-pinguino

x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x

rented videotapes 
by monk 

you left me before i had the chance to say hello 
  died in May after the showers had come. 
    you spoke and spoke and spoke 
    over and over again before you died, 
and i had chances to see you in person 
but not i only have rented videotapes to remind me 
of Howl you let it all out, 
  holding nothing back, 
  hiding no secrets within your pant legs. 
now you have Whitman to kiss in bed, 
to fondle and caress as he would have done 
if you were around in his lifetime. 
 
  no nosy reporters or anal critics 
    to demean meanings that have no meanings, 
  no lovers to leave the next morning 
    for fear of attachment unwanted, 
  no old age to be concerned about 
    day after day after day after night, 
  & no would-be poets troubling you 
    with poems about or inspired by you, 
 
for you don't have to listen anymore. 
so worry yourself about us none 
for we will worry for you 
and i'd like to say goodbye to you 
but you won't hear me; 
Keroauc won't shut up, 
so i'll whisper it silently and maybe the wind will carry, 
goodbye speaker of all my thoughts, 
goodbye lover of love collectively forbidden, 
goodbye dreamer of dreams forgotten, 
goobye mind, 
goobye poet, 
goobye Beat Generation, 
goodbye. 

x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x

Coulda Woulda Shoulda?
by pinguino

Sometimes I wonder of what could have been
Then, I remember that I live in the now.
I can't wait for loose ends to be wrapped
I can only hope that every once in a while
my name will cross your path and I'll see you smile.

I want to live in multiple cities across the world.
I want to share my life with different people.
I see potential where others see hopelessness.
Is there a fate, a path I'm supposed to take?
Or should I venture where my smiling heart leads?

What would I be like as a college grad
With an executive job, two kids, and a minivan?
Perhaps if I took a stand and shed my fears
I would be ahead of my goals, unlike my peers.
World domination a grasp away, within my sight.

Sometimes I wonder of what could have been
Then, I remember that I live in the now.
I can't wait for loose ends to be wrapped
I can only hope that every once in a while
my name will cross your path and I'll see you smile.

x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x

words. 
by monk
 
i remember hearing you tell me months ago 
that i would never be anything. 
it's amazing how little you really knew. 
it seems three months can end in ten minutes, 
sometimes five if the phone disconnects. 
 
this time it's different. my hair is blonde. 
short. my arm is wearing my heart. blackened 
with red around the edges. not that you care. 
you walked away before i could bleed for you. 
 
troubled times, past nights on coffee. 
talking over sugar caddies. watching our 
voices cross smoke streams from menthols. 
the days before armaggedon drew near. 
 
you forget words. out one ear. never 
remember when you yelled. screamed. ranted and 
raved about how i would never amount. 
i recall those words. they rang out like 
shots. piercing. stabbing. leaving holes 
the size of tunnels in my sides. 
 
i remember seeing you years later 
when i amounted to so much more than you thought. 
it's amazing how we change so much. 
i never would have recognized you behind that 
window. with that hat on. asking. needing. 
wanting me. to supersize that. 
 
i guess words never meant much to you anyway. 

x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x

Disjointed
by pinguino 

The clouds part as I walk 
across the cold marbled tile.
Whenever trouble comes around 
i gravitate to embrace it.
Silky water droplets cascade
through my dead numb fingers.
Overpowering actions silence
my balance of peace and anger.
i forget how to talk.
I stop to bask in the sun,
the warmth bubbles within.
The nighttime owl induces
paranoia and distance to play.

Please keep me away from myself.

x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x

Unseen 
by pinguino

In the coldest darkest night
Unexpectedly, you were there for me. 
A world's shadow too dark to bear,
You reached in to pull me out.

When my thoughts wander to you
I stop to reflect, and smile.
I admire things you do and say.
Full of life, you stand strong 
In this cold plastic-wrapped world.

Tumbling ocean blue eyes gaze deep-
They say so much in a silent room.

x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x
 
in the open 
by monk
 
i'm tired of sitting and watching you bleed 
from drunken lies and your shattered dreams 
with blisters on feet from walking too long 
romanticising about nothing being wrong 
i saw you collapse from being sheltered and frozen 
 
searching for boys who look like other boys 
only lower the chance of you being enjoyed 
there's only so many sweaters and tight blue jeans 
to remind you of those that you've already seen 
selective memory is not a good thing to have chosen 
 
and finger and toes laced into your clothes 
with hair on your head touching hair on my skin 
remind of the 1st time, that i was broken 
 
i saw you search through these cardboard streets 
for someone who could sweep you away from defeat 
and give onto you as you onto him 
with open arms and your lips onto his 
your forgetting your wish is what i wish for instead 
 
and finger and toes laced into your clothes 
with hair on your head touching hair on my skin 
remind of the 1st time, that i was broken 
 
i'm in the open 
i was so broken. 
 
i'm in the open. 

x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x

above 
by slapayoda 
 
it happened like a dream 
where ideas float from one to the next 
with no sense at all 
 
a short time ago 
i was walking alone 
in a dark land 
a beautiful sprite flew past 
 
next we were soaring over it all 
dodging brightly colored clouds 
smiling and laughing as we disappeared 
into the glowing horizon 

x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x

Lioness Waiting
by Pinguino

Treading gently across the rockish brush,
Trying to resist the overwhealming urge
To protect and hide the titan I love, 
From mistakes and mishaps of old;
The relentless ghosts in the shadows.

But even I cannot seal my bubbling heart,
My eyes reveal a newfound love in my life.
Kindred souls reach to taste my happiness
and shelter it from the weathering of time.
One can hope that it lasts forever but,
the antagonist always has a part in the play.


