 O=
/)              FLIPPERSMACK 015
`=     culturemag for a penguin generation
           http://www.flippersmack.com
x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x

A common misconception is that raves are all about drugs. Sure, you'll find them
there, but people forget that you can find drugs at concerts and schools just as
easily. Sometimes these misconceptions lead to ravers to be pre-judged as
drooling babbling crackheads. Last Saturday in Los Angeles, a pair of ravers were
pre-judged.. by the LAPD. Their rights were violated, and their pleas for justice
fallen on deaf ears. They were video journalists, part of the underground rave
crew F.A.M.I.L.Y. George Gomez wrote a letter to the community about his experience.

   pinguino
   [pinguino@comicartist.com]


Flippersmack Archives:

http://www.penguinpalace.com/
http://www.nettwerked.net/
http://www.ghu.ca/

tABLE oF cONTENTS

I Was Arrested Last Saturday Night .................George Gomez
[review] Sojourn #1 ................................Stone Dragon
[review] Generic Comic Book #1......................Stone Dragon
Fear and Loathing at DefCon .........................Random Dent
An Introductory Guide to DATU Systems .................The Clone
Blood and Gin ...........................................Mr. Log

.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x


I WAS ARRESTED LAST SATURDAY NIGHT
George Gomez (phathead@phatnetwork.net)

It was around two forty in the morning.  Technically it was Sunday August
12, though we had been working since six in the afternoon, and
F.A.M.I.L.Y. 7-Year Anniversary party was schedule for Saturday August 11,
2001.  I had been working for eight ours now with myself acting in a
couple scenes.  All major takes had been shot by now with only the party
people shaking their ass left to cover.  I was tired but happy since
everything up to that point was going far better than I expected.  The
crowd, though smaller in turnout than expected, look like they were having
a good time and was acting very respectful to our request to film the
event.  I just feeling good that I was living my dream of directing my
first feature based on the life that I love the most.

We (my Director of Photography and I) had spent the last 5 minutes filming
me dance when he realized it was time for a new tape.  He told me he was
going to the viewing room to put in a fresh new DV tape.  Meanwhile, I
decided to go to the bathroom to catch my breath and get a drink of water.  
As I walk out the main room I notice 4 Los Angeles County sheriffs walk in
the main doors of the gym.  Having experience cops walking in to past
events before I became very nervous.  Afraid that they would do something
to intimidate the attendees I ran back to the view room and snatched the
camera from my DP.  I ran back into the main room and looked for the
sheriffs.  At first I couldn't find them so I ran upstairs (the location's
main entrance - the gym was underground) to see if they left.  As I ran
upstairs I saw Doug ( F.A.M.I.L.Y. originator and producer of the show ).  
He informed me that the sheriffs had gone inside the gym and that I should
go find them.  I ran back to the gym.  I begun to look around the crow
when I finally saw them on the opposite corner of the room from the
entrance between the main light rig and the left speaker tower.

I could tell they were hiding themselves in the dark corner of the room
watching the crowd.  I proceeded to turn on the camera and record their
actions.  At first one of the officers shined his flashlight on the lens
of the camera making it impossible for me to get a good shot.  I began to
walk away from them as they approached the camera.  One of them asked me
to turn off the camera.  I told him I was on my right to have the camera
on.  He told me that he wanted to talk to me.  I said fine.  He again told
me to turn off the camera.  By this time we had kept walking back towards
the entrance of the room where I was able to get a good shot of me
standing next to the sheriff.  I again told him that I wouldn't turn the
camera off and that is not against the law if I refuse.  He then ask me a
third time to turn it off.  I told him that I was in the middle of
production and that anything he had to say to me he can say it while the
camera was on.  At this point he reached for my free hand and twisted my
arm around my back.  Another officer went for my arm with the camera and
began to pinch my wrist.  The pain from the pinch forced me to let go of
the camera.  I began to ask him what did I do wrong.  He put his arm on my
chest and asked me why was my heart beating so hard.  I told him that it
was because I had two sheriffs next to me with one holding my arm around
my back.  He then told me to put my hands behind my back and proceeded to
handcuff me.  I asked him what was I doing wrong.  He told me I was "under
the influenced."  I denied the charges explaining that I was working and I
was completely sober and was willing to take any drug test they wanted.  
In fact, I demanded to be drug tested.  None of the officers responded to
my pleas.

At that point while handcuffed I can hear Doug arguing with the officers
about the fact that I was the cameraman hired to film the event.  He also
began to show the officers the permits.  The officers ignored his pleas
and asked him who he was.  He told them he was the producer of the show.  
One of the officers replied with, "well your eyes look dilated and you are
acting very agitated.  As far I can tell you are under the influenced." At
that point they handcuffed him.  They begin to search me and ask me if I
had anything on me.  I said no, but they searched me anyway.  They asked
Doug if he had anything on him.  He said yes that he had a bag of
marijuana on him.

They began to search him.

The sheriffs began to harass the partygoers and working staff.  As Doug
and I where lead outside the sheriffs began doing random searches and
other illegal activities to intimidate the crowd.  From what I can tell
this made everyone real nervous and give the impression to attendees that
the event was being shut down.  Doug and I where driven away in the back
of a sheriff cruiser to the station with my rights still not given to us.  
Later I was told that tactics of the sheriffs worked leaving the event
empty of attendees.  The event never officially got shut down.

We arrived at the station around 3:40 am.  At the station, Doug and I kept
insisting on our right to be drug tested, but we where never tested.  We
were never given our free phone call and our rights were never read.  
After spending little over six hours in a holding cell we were both
release.  Final violation on my ticket was 11550(A)H&S UNDER THE INFLUENCE
OF A CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE ( STIMULANT).  I called later to find out
details on the final report and the nightwatch officer informed me that
the sheriffs had the decency to write that we refused to be drug tested.

A PLEA OF INNOCENCE!!  

As you can imagine Doug and I are very traumatized by the event.  The more
I play the incident in my head the more I can't believe the injustices
that were done to us.  The sheriffs had no reason to intimidate the crowd.  
The location was fully permitted for both people and production crew.  
There was nothing legally they can do to shut us down so they arrested the
people in charge of the event and intimidated the attendees into
submission.  They never read our rights nor told us whether we were being
sustained or arrested.  And finally, after many requested to be drug
tested, we where not given any tests.  And like I said before, final
reports have Doug and I refusing to take the test.  It is because of all
this I make a plea to anyone who was there and who saw myself and/or Doug
get handcuffed, and heard what was being said to us, and can testify to
the fact we demanded to be tested to please come forward.  Doug and I
could be looking anywhere from a year in probation with weekly drug-
testing, to a year in jail if we decide to plea not guilty and decide to
fight the case.  Because of this, Doug is seriously thinking about calling
it quits and the end of the F.A.M.I.L.Y. gatherings.  Anyone who has been
to a Friends And Music I Love You event knows how much these gatherings
have defined the meaning of "Underground" and "House Party," to many of us
and now this could mean the end of an era that only F.A.M.I.L.Y.
gatherings events offer.  I personally would be very hurt to see this be
the end of such an underground experience.  This attacks on our scene have
only gotten worst in the past year and they will continue to succeed in
forever killing our scene unless we stand up to them.  I'm willing to do
what ever it takes to prove my innocence.  The only thing I'm guilty of is
loving my House and Techno Underground Scene for the love it has shown me
back and my wanting to put that love on film.  But one person can save the
love.  We all have to do it together.

Love & Respect,

George Gomez

P.S. - Anyone with information on eyewitness to the events I just mention
should e-mail me to phathead@phatnetwork.net.  I also recomemd to everyone
to really look at the Summer of Unity website.  I think this proves just
how bad things are in our country and is only going to go away if we stand
up to it.  The Youth Unite Coalition March is today, Tuesday August 14.  
I will definitely be there to demand that our generation is not just kids
on drugs.  We are the future and we demand a better world!!

http://www.phatnetwork.net/summerofunity

Updates on the situation will be posted at www.phatnetwork.net

                           -.x.x.x.-  

Sojourn #1
by Stone Dragon (r_lull@hotmail.com)

Sojourn issue one involves setting the storyline for Arwyn, a lovely
female archer, who has just lost her husband and baby daughter in a raid
from the Troll army of Mordath - an evil conqueror returned from the grave
after 300 years.  After her family's death, Arwyn, and her faithful dog,
Kreeg, set out to destroy Mordath once and for all.

This is a great comic for those of you out there who really enjoy a
medievil setting, complete with all the trappings of a typical Dungeons
and Dragons game.  The art is well done, and the coloring is rich and sets
the mood very well.  Nararation is done by Ayden, a warrior who slew
Mordath three centuries before this story takes place.  How Ayden is able
to tell a story, let alone keep from breaking his hip, isn't really
explained.  A future episode, perhaps?

It looks like those of you who want a little bloodshed and gore won't be
disappointed with this comic.  In about four pages, Trolls are hacked,
pierced by arrows, and taken to gurgling deaths by throat slashing, all at
the hands of Arwyn.  Payback is bitch.  Literally.

Look for the second issue to this new and exciting comic from Crossgen the
22nd of August.

                           -.x.x.x.-

Generic Comic Book
by Stone Dragon (r_lull@hotmail.com)

We all have a generic idea of what most comic book covers look like,
whether it be a picture of some buff dude wearing a tight, midnight blue
uniform with a large "W" on the chest, or the female equivalent.  How
about this one though: a comic book all in yellow, with only the words
"COMIC BOOK" in bold black letters on the front?  This is one generic
comic that catches the eye right away with it's plainess.

Even the story inside this bleak exterior is run-of-the-mill, but it's
intentionally so.  Enter evil genius eager for recognition for his
insidious work on the Destruction Beam.  With it, he has the power to
destroy the entire universe.  In order to get the world to know what he is
doing, he calls the media.  Now, enter hot news babe, complete with a
bumbling Clark Kent-oid, attempting to ask for a date.  News babe ignores
the Kent clone, intent on getting a great story about the Destruction
beam.  She takes off in a cab to go straight to the evil genius's lab.  
Mr. mild-mannered follows her, and changes into a super hero, courtesy of
a nearby phonebooth.  He swaggers out, and calls a cab to follow "that hot
babe in the OTHER taxi".  Spoof is the name of the game here, and it
doesn't fail to get a few laughs at the expense of the entire superhero
comic genre.

Masterfully pulled off by Comics Conspiracy, this comic is sure to make
you chuckle, and definately smirk a little.  Enjoy it with a "GOOD BEER"
and some "TORTILLA CHIPS" brand snacks!

                           -.x.x.x.-

Fear and Loathing at Defcon
By Random Dent

Freaks, geeks, and hackers unite. Defcon is here.

This will be my first year here, ^CircuiT^'s second.

We arrived here around 9:30am for registration. 4 hours of waiting. I
guess we were a little anxious. After registration there wasn't much to do
around the Alexis. No speakers until tommorow, so we decided to head out to
The Strip.

Las Vegas is hot. Really hot.

^CircuiT^ got a Fruitopia from a vending machine outside, and it burnt his
tongue drinking it. We were sweaty, stinky, and no Mexicans would give me
pr0n.  So we decided to hang out at out at our hotel until tommorow.

Friday morning a group of us met at Denny's before Defcon kicked off. Got
to meet some nice people, namely BlakeM, Limbo, and Scin. Also met
Ripper, who got handcuffed for having quite a few guns on him. I think I'll
stay away from him this weekend... We got back at the Alexis around
10:00am. Attended Sharado's "Security & Privacy- An Introduction To Some
Interesting Concepts." Pretty basic Privacy issues. He is from India, so
I'm not sure too many of us knew what he was saying.

After that we met Pinguino. Scavenger Hunt = hours of fun. Which is where
this article comes in. We were running around this horrible town for
hours. As in about 6 hours. Did I mention it's really hot in Las Vegas?
Probably. At least I got to get my picture taken with the Backstreet
Boys...*cough*

Later that night was Hacker Jeapordy. Our team didn't get picked. Bummer.  
I was amazed how easily the people at Defcon were amused by some fat kid
drinking beer... Drunken-Whores = Pretty damn lame. We only stuck around
for the first round. Vana was getting down to very little clothing, and
^CircuiT^ had to go jump in the pool. Naked.

Saturday comes along. This is where I start the article. I'm at Ofir
Arkin's "Introducing X-Playing Tricks With ICMP." Maybe I should pay
more attention. Maybe not.  I'm on a Scavenger Hunt.


*Note from Pinguino*

Random Dent was a member of the A-Team, and they had to write an article about
their experiences at DefCon for some points. They ended up winning the Scavenger
Hunt. Suprised they had time to attend speeches, with all the stuff they found
and did for the hunt!

                           -.x.x.x.-

An Introductory Guide to DATU Systems
by The Clone (theclone@hackcanada.com)

 Disclaimer: The content within this file is for informational and
	     entertainment purposes only. Unauthorized access of
             the systems spoken about in this file may get you in
	     trouble with local and/or national law enforcement.

 Introduction:

DATU (pronounced 'dat-you') stands for Direct Access Testing Unit. A DATU unit is
a physical device which is located at the local CO on a wiring card that is
connected to a "no test trunk"), that allows field technicians and linesman to
dial up to the trunk and perform various tests on a subscribers line. The DATU
system itself extends the field technician and linesmans testing capabilities of
subscriber lines through a non-metallic pair gain system. DATU was once
manufactured and marketed by Hekemian Labs, but is now currently manufactured and
marketed by Harris-Dracon division. Even though newer systems exist, DATU is
still the most used analog, menu driven dial up test-board out there.


 Locating:

Locating and administrating a DATU system can be easy if you know the default
suffixes your local phone company places them on. Many phone companies (Bell
South) went through the unneeded liberty of changing the name of DATU either for
the sake of unethical renaming of standard components, or for security reasons.
Below is a list of regions, regional specific default suffixes, and the test
system names associated with the specific regions. Note: 4-Tel is not a DATU,
however it does function in a similar way to the DATU therefore I feel it belongs
on this list...

 
            Canada:

      Name: '4-TEL' (manufactured by: Teradyne)
    Region: Alberta
 Area-Code: 403, 780
   Default: XXX-9935, XXX-DATU (3288), XXX-4TEL (4835)

      Name: '4-TEL' (manufactured by: Teradyne)
    Region: British Columbia
 Area-Code: 250, 604
   Default: XXX-9935, XXX-DATU (3288), XXX-4TEL (4835)
     
          United States:

       Name: 'DATU'
     Region: New Jersey
  Area-Code: 908
    Default: XXX-9935, XXX-DATU

       Name: 'DATU'
     Region: New York
  Area-Code: 212
    Default: XXX-9935, XXX-DATU


       Name: 'VoiceService'
     Region: Bell South
  Area-Code: 205, 229, 251, 321, 334, 386, 404, 407, 470, 478, 504, 606, 678,
             704, 731, 754, 770, 859, 901, 904, 912, 919, 954, 980, 984, 985
    Default: XXX-0000
       Info: Default VoiceService Admin PIN: (area code)

             You can ONLY administrate a VoiceService system if you
             have a Nortel 3580A capable of transmitting the KP tone.

              - KP Entry: XXXX KP pwd: XXX
 
              - When you get the pseudo recording, enter KP XXXX, and
                then KP PS, then KP XXX. The recording (ST) will say:
                "Remote Access VoiceService Completion Center 83E"

              - Enter Service or Subscriber number, then press * or
                to get a live supervisor press 1 KP #.

                 Options:
              - Add service
              - Remote Service
              - Change Type of Service
              - Remove CID information from line-set
              - Add Bunker
              - Remove Bunker


 Administrating (From Harris DATU Manual):

 1. Dial Datu Access Number

 2. Enter Password

 3. Dial Seven digit subscriber number

 4. DATU will respond: "connected to xxx-xxxx.", "OK", or
    "connected to xxx-xxxx, busy line, audio monitor".
    Non-Pair gain lines proceed to step 7. Note: If busy line,
    DATU will not access the DC By-Pass Pair or the metallic
    Access Unit.

 5. SLC lines: If line is idle DATU will respond "Pair Gain Line"
    followed by "processing" ("Processing" may be repeated for up
    to 25 seconds) DATU will give voice message:
     
     Single Party line\      (Good)
                       |  
     Multi-Party Line  |     Followed by
     Coin Line        /      *ENTER RT NUMBER*
     Channel Not Available   (No/Bad channel test results)
     PGTC Failure/By-Pass    If same recording is heard
     Pair Busy               repeatedly alert supervisor
     Pair Gain System Alarm  (Alert Supervisor)

 6. If Good (or bad) Channel test results enter the
    RT number dial "*" to end ("**" toggle on or off the Alpha mode).
    Enter Pair Number, Dial "*" to end. Dial "0 *" to use existing
    DC TEST pair. DATU will connect to the By-Pass Pair or call the
    Metallic Access Unit in the RT, except when By-Pass is busy or
    Pair Gain System is in alarm. See Step 7 after connection to the
    remote site.

 7. LINE PREPARATION FUNCTION DIAL CODES:
    
    2 = Audio Monitor
    33 = Short Tip and Ring to Ground
    37 = Short Ring to ground (Tip Open)
    38 = Short Tip to ground (Ring Open)
    44 = High Level Tone on Tip and Ring
    47 = High Level Tone On Ring (Tip Grounded)
    48 = High Level Tone on Tip (Ring Grounded)
     5 = Low Level Tone
     6 = Open Line
     7 = Short Line (Tip to Ring Short)
     9 = Permanent Signal Release 
     # = New Subscriber Line
    ## = Force Disconnect
     * = Connect preparation function after disconnect
         (system programmable from 1 to 99 minutes 
         enter number of minutes); enter number of
         minutes after "*"

  Single Line Access: 

 1. Dial the DATU access number

 2. Enter the user password

 3. Enter the "*" and subscriber number for non pair 
    gain lines or Enter "**" and subscriber's number
    for pair gain lines and then enter RT number. 
    Dial "*" to end. Enter pair number. Dial "*" to end.

 4. Enter Function Desired

 5. Enter number of minuets to apply condition

 6. Hang up and wait 30 seconds for DATU to access and 
    condition line, (90 seconds for RT connection).

 Alpha Character Codes (when physically at DATU station):

  (space) = 11  A = 21  B = 22  C = 23  D = 31  F = 33
        G = 41  H = 42  I = 43  K = 52  L = 53  M = 61
        N = 62  P = 71  Q = 74  R = 72  S = 73  U = 82
        V = 83  W = 91  X = 92  Y = 93  Z = 94  = 13
        = = 12  / = 15

 Generic DATU commands:

  2 - Audio Monitor (allows you to monitor traffic on a busy line)
  3 - Short To Ground (establishes connection between tip, ring, and ground)
  4 - High Level Tone (injects 577MHz tone onto subscriber line to assist
      linemen in locating your pair at remote terminal. 577MHz tone is
      interrupted four times per second for identification purposes)
  5 - Low Level Tone (injects 577MHz tone to locate pair on remote
      terminal when subscriber line is busy)
  6 - Open Line (opens the subscriber line by removing the battery and ground
      thereby dropping voltage from line and disabling pair)
  7 - Short Line (places short across the tip and ring of the subscriber line
      at the Central Office)
  8 - Read Menu
  9 - Permanent Signal Release
 33 - Short Tip and Ring to ground
 37 - Short Ring to ground (Tip open)
 38 - Short Tip to ground (Ring open)
 44 - High Level Tone on Tip and Ring
 47 - High Level Tone on Ring (Tip grounded)
 48 - High Level Tone on Tip (Ring grounded)
  * - Line Preparation Function (used to continue line preparation function
      after disconnecting from the systems access line. Specify 1-9 minutes)
  # - New Subscriber Line (disconnects you from the current subscriber line
      and allows you to specify another subscriber line)
 ## - Force Disconnect (for up to twenty minutes)


  Credit:

 Thank you to POS_RLS (irc.2600.net #hellsouth) for the additional
 Bell South VoiceService information.

                           -.x.x.x.-

Blood and Gin
by Mr_Log (hatredonalog@hotmail.com)

The car rolled smoothly down the shaded cul du sac.  The wind blew piled leaves
about in the street around the car.  The sleek machine rounded the corner and
sped up.  The driver was a younger man with dark hair.  He smelled of gin and
sweat.  His eyes were soree and dry from crying, and he swore he wouldn't cry
again.  His hands felt clamy and he knew he would again.  He just couldn't stop
thinking about the child.  As he turned another corner the car crashed through a
mountain of leaves piled up on the curb.  The driver's thoughts were a confused
jumble of erratic things.  The one thing on top of all of it was the child.  The
screams of pain, fear and finality.  He could still hear the wailing, the final
announcement of pain.

It had happened about two hours earlier.  An accident.  His accident. He knew it
was his fault; he had been drinking.  A part of him wanted to blame it on the
mother for not watching her flesh and blood.  He also wanted to blame the child
for being reckless.  It was his fault and he knew it.  He should have been paying
more attention, so this wouldn't happen.

He had been driving through the parking lot of one super-market or another. He
had been buying more booze.  The little boy who couldn't have been older than
seven or eight sprinted out in front of him.  He thought the child would make it,
but he must have tripped or stumbled on something.  His own shoe laces.  A stone
in the road.  It did not matter.  He had felt a bump that was out of ordinary for
the suspension system on his finely tuned lump of german engineered steel.  Then
he heard the scream.  It sounded like a thousand people protesting death.

He looked in the passenger seat.  The only thing that his eyes could fixate on
was a bottle of gin.  In the distance the coast was getting closer, and the sun
was almost down.  It was spilling fire across the water.  His eyes drifted from
the bottle to the glove compartment.  He could smell the fresh perspiration on
his brow.  When he got the coast, at a small bluff over-looking the ocean, he put
the car in park.  He reached for the glove compartment, but his hand twitched and
manuevered it's way toward and gripped the bottle of gin. He needed something to
temporarily block the pain.  One good drink from the bottle's lip and ended up
spitting most of it back out on to the dashboard. It hid the passenger floor with
a dull thud.  This time he reached for and found the glove compartment.

Out of the compartment he pulled a nine millimeter.  He popped the clip out;  
still had bullets.  Six.  Good.  After the clip was securely popped back into
place and the safety removed, the barrel was pointed at his best and only friend.  
Also his worst enemy.  The monkey on his back.

Inside the car, the report from the gun was deafening.  It was quite audible
outside the car aswell.  Inside there was glass and gin scattered around the cab.  
With that done, it felt as though a great weight was lifted off his shoulders and
chest.  This did not stop the tears from flowing, however.  As he bit down on the
barrel, he began to shudder but he told himself it had to be done.  The pain
should only last seconds.  If that.  A bullet through the brain... instantaneous
blackness.

The back window would blow out, the car alarm would sound and his head would fall
onto the horn.  The police would come, or were probably already on their way
after the first shot.

He opened his eyes to a forgiving white light.  He pulled the trigger a second
time.

His blood once again mixed with the gin.

 
+-----------------------------------------------------+
Flippersmack (c) 2001 Flippersmack All Rights Reserved.

Penguins do it better. 

