
FLIPPERSMACK 001

culturemag for a penguin generation
http://www.flippersmack.com

Welcome to the first issue of Flippersmack. A flippersmack is what a
penguin does when it slaps another object. The penguin usually jumps 1-2
feet off the ground when it does this. It's such a cool word that we
named this zine after it (and the domain was sitting around doing
nothin').

Flippersmack is a culturemag for a penguin generation. What does this
mean? Articles and reviews from your favorite writers. The low-down on
what's fresh in tech, comics, movies, and music. Wrapped in a style all
its own.

We will strive to release Flippersmack every week; a taste of insanity to
inspire, inform, and entertain. From the creators of System Failure and
Avalanche, there's a new zine out on the net: FLIPPERSMACK!

tABLE oF cONTENTS

Monkeybone......................................Pinguino
P..P..Pick Up a Penguin.........................Pinguino
Endearment [rave review]........................Pinguino
Writer's Block..................................Pinguino
Wish You Were Here..............................Pinguino


                           -.x.x.x.-
Monkeybone

Monkeybone is the best comic-related movie I've seen since Chasing Amy.
Stu Miley [Brendan Frazer] is the creator of MonkeyBone, a twisted comic
strip that just reached television syndication. Stu wants to propose to
his girlfriend, but before he could, he's injured in a car accident and
falls into a coma. Thrust into a nightmareish underworld, Stu seeks a
path to the real world, befriending his fictional sidekick Monkeybone,
and a sexy waitress named Kitty. The nightmare world seems influenced by
Tim Burton. Brendan Frazer was amazing in this movie; I personally didn't
like his performance in "The Mummy." Oddly enough, this movie had one of
the worst theatrical websites I've ever seen, pointlessly done in Flash
and totally lacking in content. It did not do the movie justice.
Monkeybone was entertaining, as well as inspiring. Highly recommended to
any artist-types out there.

                           -.x.x.x.-
P..P..P..Pick up a Penguin

Penguin Biscuits are a treat I found at a grocery store in Edinburgh,
Scotland. They're rich compared to most American cookies. You've seen
those chocolate, vanilla, strawberry wafer cookies, right? Take the cream
from that, smack it between two hard, thin cookies, and cover everything
in chocolate, and you have a Penguin. They're super yummy, and
individually wrapped with a handful of different wrapper designs. Each
wrapper also has a corny joke on it. Penguin biscuits are made by
McVitie's in the UK.

                           -.x.x.x.-

Endearment


The last party I went to was in Dallas a few weeks ago. It was a Moon
Magnet party called Endearment at a place that ravers take over every
weekend called the Home Bar. It reminded me of one very important thing:
raves are about the music. I haven't heard music that compelled me to
dance all night in a while, and I'm not sure why. DJ^3 and Litex were
amazing trance gods. DJ Ahman had the dancefloor at his fingertips while
he spun breakbeat trance. Zonk did very well in the second room, a tent
with a giant heater. Seeing Moonglo spin was pretty incredible. The night
was amazing; I haven't had this much fun at a party in a long time. I saw
old friends there: Josh, Blurr, Kyle, Zonk, Moonglo, qdial, and a handful
of tx-ravers. Thanks Moon Magnet, and Moonglo, for a memorable night =)

                           -.x.x.x.-
Writer's Block

Comic strip writing is a lot harder than I imagined. We started on
"Pinguino and Pedestrian" but I'm stuck on breaking down the story into
4-panel segments. It feels like I'm hitting a multi-year span of writer's
block, which is fairly annoying. Maybe I'll write my kitties into the
strip. They're fairly entertaining on their own. One is named /dev/cat.
She's sitting on my lap as I type this. Her sister's name is Binary.
Binary's chewing on my braid.
 
My favorite cartoonist is Steve Troop from Melonpool.
(http://www.melonpool.com) He comes up with fresh new strips every day,
and they're always drool-worthy. I have no idea how he does this.

                           -.x.x.x.-

Wish You Were Here


Inventor. Creator. Programmer.

His family knew him as Jonathon Morrison. Ravers knew him as Skittle.
Others knew him as Leech. He passed away in an accident on February 5,
2001.

He was only 18, but was one of those kids who would somehow change the
world. He designed an intelligent rave lighting system called Nexus, at
age 16. He loved the rave scene, dancing, and caffeine.

He was a writer, and wanted to contribute to this zine. He had written
philosphical books relating to ninjitsu. He also was an avid gamer, and
wanted to work in the gaming industry as a programmer.

Leech was one of my best friends, and Penguin Palace's biggest fan. His
memory will live forever in all who knew him. He is greatly missed.

                           -.x.x.x.-

I hope that you enjoyed the first issue of Flippersmack. If you're
interested in contributing to the zine in any way, email me at
pinguino@kythri.net. Thanks!

-pinguino


Flippersmack (c) 2001 Pinguino Kolb   All Rights Reserved.
