 O=
/)              FLIPPERSMACK 023
`=     culturemag for a penguin generation
           http://www.flippersmack.com/
x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x

H O L I D A Y  S P E C I A L  E D I T I O N ~ December 25, 2001

The lights are cheerful and bright over at Flippersmack, and we're snug in
our beds after a frenzy of holiday shopping and wrapping and eggnogging.
Maybe it was the reindeer suit, or maybe it was the incredible presents,
or maybe it was the stream of friends coming by to say hello.. this
Christmas has been one of the happiest yet. I hope that every one of you
has an exciting day today as well. SlapAyoda and I are off to DisneyLand
to spend the happiest day on earth at the happiest place on earth.

Some exciting discoveries this Holiday season:

:: Kung Fu Chess - http://www.kungfuchess.com
Live chess that you can play or watch over the web. Kung-fu soundclips and
a steady beat pump the intensity of this popular internet game.

:: Lord of the Rings
What are you waiting for? Go see this movie, already. It's topped my list
for all-time favorite movies, with its superior attention to detail,
incredible cast, and unbelievable story adaptation. The Burger King Kid's
Meal toys are pretty nifty and worth hunting down as well.

:: Invader Zim
Been to Hot Topic lately? Check out their fresh stock of Invader Zim
merchandise. If you like Zim and haven't read Jhonen Vasquez's "Johnny the
Homicidal Maniac," go to your local comic shop and track it down. If you
don't know what or who Zim is, watch Nickolodean at 9 on Fridays.

:: Skateboards
I've fallen in love with Skateboarding.. specifically I now have a cool
Bruce Lee longboard called the "Numbchuck" from Afroman Productions. They
have a fun site and awesome designs; check them out at
http://www.afroman.com

Like this eZine? Check out more at http://scene.textfiles.com

Talk to Flippersmack online through our messageboard at:
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/penguinlist

   pinguino
   [pinguino@comicartist.com]


tABLE oF cONTENTS

Christmas Thoughts .................................................... Monk
[poem] Random Thought Spells .......................................... Monk
Interview with SEKWENCE ........................................... pinguino
Flippersmack Fans Respond to Christmas ........................ Flippersmack
[fansub] The Penguin Who Lost Hope .................................. Carbon

.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x

Christmas Thoughts
by Monk (monkstah@hotmail.com)

They say sometimes winter comes creeping up on you in the dark. One minute
you are toasty warm enjoying the stars bouncing across the midnight
palette and the next minute the hair on the back of your neck rises up in
defensive posture.

They say cold air helps the circulation. It gets the blood pumping, the
heart pulsing in tune with nature. It makes you feel more alive.

They say that white as a piece of chalk fluff on the ground is fun to play
with. If you fall, it cushions the hard dirt beneath.

Sometimes i remember going to the local corner store and getting me $2.00
cocoa in a packet, to take back home and heat up, pretending it tastes
good, especially with the man-made marshmellows inside.

You can dream that Santa is going to bring you a gift-basket full of
wishes and desires, only to find out each year, that a gift certificate to
some designer clothing store and socks that don't quite fit are your only
presents.

Minnesota is cold this time of year, and ice-skating is quite popular.

I forgot about the mistletoe and the customs that go along with it, the
whole kiss thing, the hugging, the love in the air. It's too bad winter
reminds you so much about being alone.

Sometimes your cigarette makes you feel more comfortable than a blanket.

Remember gift-wrapping is an option this year, it only costs a little bit
more, and little kids only discover the magic of Christmas through Harry
Potter these days.

I want Sammy Davis Jr. and the Rat Pack, a case of the Beast, a carton of
smokes, and maybe, just maybe, a hello, while everyone else wants the
latest technology, the newest toy, and the friendly glance of a Salvation
Army worker.

Winter. It is as invading as a parasite, and hangs around long after it
should have left.


                           -.x.x.x.-

Random Thought Spells..
by monk (monkstah@hotmail.com)
the devil wears red lipstick
has tattoos and bruises.

she comes out past midnight
checking meters for the city.

the devil has a pierced tongue
and a dress laced with holes.

she's asking you for money
for an hour of whatever you want.

                           -.x.x.x.-

Christmas Eve, Flippersmack joins Sekwence in a fireside chat in San
Diego, CA. Merry Christmas!

Sekwence: yea, Merry Christmas! hahaha :)

Pinguino: Tell us about your upcoming CD, tentatively entitled Standing
Still Sun.

Sekwence: Well it's a continuous dj mix of deep & soulful house.. some
jazzy/dub undertones.  It's a pretty eclectic range of tunes, something
for every house music fan to enjoy :) I've been working on it for about 6
months now, pretty consistently, so it's a fair snapshot of the type of
sound I've been playing lately.

Pinguino: What drew you from trance to house (for those of you who
remember midnight shoutcast streams of you spinning trance)?

Sekwence: I started understanding how expressive house is for me.  I
suppose for every artist there's one medium or genre that they just seem
to be able to take hold of. For me, I found that I could combine every
element of myself through the songs of house..

Pinguino: It seems that a lot of people I know are making the same switch

Sekwence: Really? I don't know.. I'm sort of in my own little world when
it comes to music.. it's ever evolving.. in a few years maybe what I find
to be expressive will have morphed into a new variation of house or
something different.. I mean, who knows?  That's what keeps it exciting.

Pinguino: When people listen to your mixes, what pieces of yourself are
you sharing with your audience?

Sekwence: Well hopefully a feeling of understanding.  I'd like to be able
to share a part of myself, and how I've come to see things. By creating a
mix of songs that gives you a chance to relax, and think about things
without the strains of our everyday society keeping you down. Music as an
elevation above the stress of the world, and letting you see things from a
higher plain, a little bit more clearly. There's a lot of beauty all
around you, if you can see it.. you just have to have the right
soundtrack. :)

Pinguino: What other projects have you been working on?

Sekwence: I've been trying to work on an original production- just that
next step :)  I'm working on sampling some live guitar & drums and some
other instruments; nothing solid right now, stay tuned :) I'm also going
to start putting on free events around San Diego starting this spring.

Pinguino: Sweet. Under the HappyBeatz name or something different?

Sekwence: If anyone remembers the happybeatz! events from 99 and 2000,
we're gonna hopefully be back at it again soon under a new guise..
"Celebrations".

Pinguino: Themed?

Sekwence: Yep, you know it.  Bbut you're gonna have to look out for the
fliers and come to the shows to see whats cookin :) They will have to do
with the elements, and a Southern California beach lifestyle :) We had
1400 people at our last event, so hopefully we can keep providing some
good times.. Just come with an open mind and a love for music. :)

Pinguino: How have you seen the rave scene change in the past year or so?

Sekwence: Well it depends on what you think of when you think of a rave..

Pinguino: I think there has been a change. Though I surround myself with
such a specific group of people that I see us all getting older and
changing our various habits. Makes it hard to spot the overall trend.

Sekwence: I would say the shows we've done have not really been raves, but
more of gatherings. I think raves as they were at the beginning aren't
really relevant anymore.  The term itself has seen itself torn by
commercialism, and demonized by the popular media. It's tough to see the
big picture sometimes when you just want to focus on your little piece of
the world :)

Pinguino: What elements would you like to see used more often at parties? 

Sekwence: I'd like to see more of a focus on the community, and gathering
aspect of things, where the people that make up the party are the focal
point- where people show mutual love and respect for each other.

Pinguino: You mean like ODP style parties?

Sekwence: I think Dynagroove and Tropical and some of them are doing some
really good things up in LA.  Good DJs, good people, great atmosphere.
It's really tough to explain.. if you're in southern Cali, come check it
out! :) I've also heard great things about the Imperial Dub parties up in
San Francisco as well.

Pinguino: Since it is Christmas Eve and all.. what would SantaSekwence
like for Christmas?

Sekwence: Well I can say I just hope that with all of the turmoil in the
world right now.. that we can all hopefully find some time to sit back,
relax, turn on some great music, and take some time to think about how
things really are.. where we are as a people, as a race.. what we are
doing, and where we are heading. I think a lot of the problems in the
world are the result of not thinking things through.. we've now gotten so
twisted up in these rash judgements, that its actually become justified to
bomb cities and nations, terrorize people in planes or on subways or on
city streets. Show love, be love.. we really all are one people. You've
just got to find it in yourself to see the bigger picture. Go outside, and
look up at the sky.. it's always there, day in and day out..  that's sort
of comforting.

Pinguino: If someone sees one person who cares, they'll begin to realize
that it does matter to extend a piece of yourself to the world around you

Sekwence: Right.. give when you can, receive when you need. And I don't
mean in a material world :)

Pinguino: Yeah, even down to smiling at a person sitting across from you
in a bus or at the mall. The world needs to open up to happiness. It's
awful driving through all these neighborhoods, rich or poor, and seeing
pissed off lonely people living lives enclosed in a bubble.

Sekwence: Yea.. it's weird how most people look so sad most the time. It's
kinda frightening..

Pinguino: I wonder if the human race was always this way, and if we only
notice now because we have so much more information at our grasp.

Sekwence: hehehe.. I dont know. Maybe thats a whole 'nother interview :)

Pinguino: You're probably right =) Alright. Everyone, keep an eye out for
the CD and the upcoming "Celebrations" parties. Sekwence, got any holiday
cheer for the Flippersmack readers out there?

Sekwence: HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!!!!!! and if ya do one thing this holiday
season.. remember to GET DOWN!!!!!!!!!!

Pinguino: Yay! Thanks Sekwence!@#!@# Merry Christmas to you too!!

                           -.x.x.x.-

We asked Flippersmack readers to share their plans for the holidays.
Here's how they responded:

i just ordered a half oz of chronic and my cousin told me to bring a fifth
of whiskey and i had sex this morning.. so drugs, sex, & rock and roll.
Why stray from tradition? FREEDOM, FINALLY. Young growing <in the pants>
adults unite! Christmas is still about families .. i feel bad for people
who dont have families coz theres definatly some kinda warm.. nah i aint
gunna sound gay .. theres just somethin about it that ya cant get w/out
THE LOVE AND EMOTION YOU GET FROM YER LOVED ONES
     Cytral Skunk- Grand Rapids, MI

Christmas, I'm just going to my parent's house. Plain and simple. 
     Phear - Sacramento, CA

My thoughts on the holidaze is ba humbug and ba humbug. When I was a pup
under the nest of my family, i always try to get out of town for the xmas
time of year. All good things happen to most people this time of year; I
get hungover, fat, and then sad by what my holiday has turned to. That is
why I go on vacation to go do it by myself now so my friends dont have to
lose their spirit with me. I am perfactly capable of doing it on my own
now. Well there's my xmas thought- hope it doesn't bring you down.
     Todd [sector7-G] - Los Angeles, CA

Family comes over exchange gifts.. about 40 of us got a hotel for dinner.
We have about 3 christmas dinners in total.
     Fris - Toronto, CANADA

I'm celebrating christmas the way i have been for 22 years.  I'm sitting
at home with my abnormal family: my mother, father, and older sister.
We'll most likely watch some tv and play some cards. Then they'll all go
to church while I sit at home some more and wrap their presents. At about
noon I'll get up and we'll open presents. Then, we all eat breakfast
together and watch tv. After that, I usually hang out with friends or
something, but this year I have a wonderfull girlfriend who I'll be
spending christmas day with. So, traditional christmas in my family is
nothing more then television, food, and family.
     Magnatop - Sparta, MI

To answer this question, i must first open your eyes to the blinding
lights of Christianity. First, you must understand that I hung NAILED TO A
GOD DAMNED CROSS to help all of you. But Christmas is nothing more than my
birthday. and really has nothing to do with me hanging from a cross
bleeding and whining. Usually I spend Christmas like any normal person
would their birthday. I sit high in heaven and watch people shower and
have christmas sex. Then God (my father) usually gets me really stoned.
Then we open some gifts and eat some hash cake. ever since the death of
elvis, he's been playing my birthday we all have a big party. -shrug- Its
hard work being a messiah. Remember, especially when you shower, that i
might be watching... even on christmas.
     Jesus Christ - Heaven

                           -.x.x.x.-
:: fansubmission
The Penguin Who Lost Hope 
by Carbon (goldenmuskrat@aol.com)

Far off, in a land far away was a penguin.  A penguin who lived a standard
life, with the standard grunge and other stuff.  He never thought he would
have to make a very large change, but one day he did.

It was an average Christmas day in the 90's and the big choice came
around.  Heres the story. (duh duh dunn strang music plays here.) There
once was a penguin named Jake.  Jake had lived a good life so far, having
parents who both had much money.  But Jake was always sad because his
parents had split up when he was young.  He had a good life with his mom,
and he only got to see his dad on the weekends, so holidays always kind of
sucked.  This year Christmas sucked a whole lot, maybe because of his
friends and his thoughts on life.  He thought that life wasnt really
useful anymore and celebrating holidays was useless.  So he sat around all
christmas day depressed and complaining about what he got that year.  His
parents complained about it, and he pretty much ruined the day.  They went
to his aunts house and he didnt talk to anyone there either.  His family
got home and he got yelled at because of ruining the day.  Sad, Jake ran
up to his room, slammed the door, and went to sleep.

That night, Jake had the weirdest dream.  He dreamt that a wise old
penguin came to him. The old penguin kinda looked like Jake, maybe 60
years older or so.  He wa a very wise old penguin who knew much about
everything.  He wore tattered clothes.  Like a robe type peice of
clothing.  The old penguin told Jake that he was going to take him on a
journey.  A journey through what really happens in the world these days.
The old penguin told Jake to go with him, so Jake could be taught a
lesson.  So Jake went with the old penguin.

Jake was brought to a distant country full of vagrant looking penguins.
They were all dressed in rags, wandering around with nothing to do.

Jake said "Eww, these penguins are poor, why should I even want to be
here?" Jake asked the old penguin why he was there and the old penguin
told him just to watch.  Jake saw a momma penguin give a little penguin a
gift.  The little penguin looked at the gift and said "No mommy, you keep
it."  The momma penguin looked at the little penguin and burst into tears
of joy.  Jake said "What is that kid doing?  He should keep it for
himself.  I mean come on, Christmas is all about getting stuff.

And anyway, Im the only one who matters."  The old penguin shook his head
and smacked Jake in the back of the head.  "Lets go." Said the old
penguin.

The next place they went to was the suburbs of Jakes hometown.  Jake
looked ahead and saw his friends Dave, Jan and Steve.  They were standing
on the street corner ringing a bell trying to get donations.

"What?  Why would they be doing that? Theyre rich.  Theyre some of the
richest penguins in the neighborhood.  Why should they even care about
other people?"  Jake said in much confusion.  The old penguin looked at
him again and said "You have a lot to learn young one.  Wow, your just
plain retarded arent you?  Look we have one more stop along the way. Lets
go."  PooF.  They were gone.

The last place they ended up wasnt familiar at all.  They were in a giant
house that looked empty.  Jake looked around the corner and Jake saw a
dead penguin laying on the couch.  "Ahhhh!  What? Why are we here?"  The
old penguin looked at Jake and told him that the penguin on the couch was
him.  He told Jake that this is what happens when people are selfish.  
People stop caring about you and who you are.  They stop wanting to be
friends with you.  Then life no longer matters and those penguins that no
one likes end up dying alone in a cold house with no friends or family or
anything. He also told him that the penguin would lay there for another 40
years until someone comes to look for him. "If you dont stop being selfish
this is what will happen Jake."  It suddenly hit Jake.  If he kept living
like this he would die a sad horrible lonely death.  The old penguin
looked at him and smiled.

"Lets go home" Said the old penguin.

Jake woke up.  He ran down the stairs and looked at the calendar.  It was
christmas again.  Jake was gleeful and he ran upstairs and woke up his mom
and the rest of his family.  They came downstairs and Jake had the best
Christmas ever. He went to his Aunts house for dinner and had a great
time.  He started singing carols and such and everyone loved him.  He gave
up one of his christmas presents for the toys for little penguins charity.  
He volunteered down at the local hospital in the childrens wing.  He would
spend some time reading to little kids at the library.  He started living
a good life and got a job as a bio-medical technician.  He then went on to
become a billionare who lived a great life and gave constantly to others.

MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE

+-----------------------------------------------------+
Flippersmack (c) 2001 Flippersmack All Rights Reserved.
Flippersmack does not condone any of the acts in this collection of writings.

Merry Christmas to my friends and family: Skrike/Echo23, Barkode, Logic
Box, Miasma, Stone Dragon, Eric, RBCP and Colleen Card, Skully, MONKSTAH!,
Melinda Joy Colleen, Todd Pluciennik, Sekwence, Sam, Stormriders, Flat
Erik, K-1ine!, Sumbry, Bunnygirl, Qwiki, Nattie, Cloud, and most of all,
my loving boyfriend, SlapAyoda.
