
FLIPPERSMACK 003

culturemag for a penguin generation
http://www.flippersmack.com

We're working on this on St Patricks Day at like 4am. If anything is
missing or misspelled or broke, blame it on caffeine-degenerative
exhaustion. Went on a dope adventure this weekend, and I'll tell you about
it in Flippersmack #4! It involves an abandoned subway tunnel in LA. Sorry
bout the delay!

-pinguino



tABLE oF cONTENTS

Band Profile: Thirtytwo Cents...............Pinguino
Perfect Disney Weekend......................Pinguino
Dancing with Pepperoni..................Sam Morrison
h410G3n's PalmOS Programming Primer..........h410G3n



                           -.x.x.x.-

BAND PROFILE: Thirtytwo Cents
by Adam Sumii and Pinguino
http://www.thirtytwocents.com


Thirtytwo Cents is an incredible band based out of Dallas, TX. You NEED to
hear these guys live. And buy lots of CDs and shirts and stuff, cuz
they're going to be big. Real big. Your friends will be totally jealous. I
met them a few weeks ago at their studio, and had Adam answer a list of
questions for me. Here's what he came up with:


BAND MEMBERS: 
Javier Vregas - vocals 
Robert Tomlinson - lead guitars 
Adam Sumii - rythm guitars 
Matt Bertucci - bass guitar, horns 
Robert Windham - drums 
 
SOUND:  
"I hate saying that we sound like anyone in particular. That usually gives
people grounds for prejudice.  We have our own fresh sound.  If I were to
categorize our music, I would say [it was] alternative rock with a splash
of blues, industrial, jazz, punk and pop all rolled into one.  The singer
has a very versatile voice with innovative instrumental riffs to back him
up.  We have music for a wide variety of listeners. Like a White Russian--
smooth and nutty, with a kick to it."
 
INFLUENCES: 
"Toadies, Hum, Candlebox, Pearl Jam, The Cure, Deftones, Frank Sinatra, Sex  
Pistols, Eric Clapton, Dave Matthews, BB King, Doosu, Slow Roosevelt,  
Creed, Baboon...just to name a few." 
 
"The band has been together since early 2000. Tomlinson and I were late	
additions to the original Thirty Two Cents.  We compose our own music with  
occasional help from friends and loved ones.  Our lyrics tell a story  
(usually something from personal experience) and most people can identify  
with it.  But the music itself, comes as a natural and constant flow.  Our  
attitude and mood sets the inspiration for creation."
 
GIG TIME: 
"We've only played a few gigs.  We will be playing everywhere as soon as we  
get our cd out (which will be out sometime in April of this year).  We've  
opened for ELMFOOY, Paradigm Shift, 4minus1, and a few others."

                           -.x.x.x.-

Perfect Disney Weekend
by pinguino [pinguino@inker.com]


Friday was a weird day at work to begin with. There's an ergonomic
keyboard wrist-pad that had a missing cover, so it was just a long gel
slab that we could throw around. It had the same properties of those
sticky hands that you get in gumball machines and use to pick up random
pieces of paper. Multiply the fun and squishiness and ooziness by a
million and you have our new toy. We were totally slapping it against
everyone and everything, anything you can imagine. Then, we watched Monty
Python episodes.

At about 7, I left for my 2.5 hour drive to LA. It was raining hard, and
my car kepts swerving and drifting. It sucked. Once I hit the LA border,
traffic slowed to 20 mph, and eventually I made it into Koreatown and
found my friend Jay's house.


We hopped into Jay's car and drove in circles trying to find Sky Sushi, a
sushi bar that we were supposed to meet Sumbry and Chipmunk at. I had seen
a ravelinks posting about a rave being held there. When we arrived, some
kids at the front told us that we couldn't go in without paying a charge
(regardless of the fact we wanted to go in for like 30 mins for sushi and
had friends waiting) and that we didnt fit the dress code. How the hell
does something with a dress code (no hats or sneakers) end up on an events
list for a raver site? Wacked. 

We waited a while for our friends to come out and went back to Koreatown.
Jay's as undecisive as me when it comes to food, so we wandered around
trying to find a good place to eat sushi.. at like 11pm. We ended up in
this hole-in-the-wall Korean place that only served soup. It turned out to
be very very good soup, with really weird appetizers. I got the dumpling
soup and the dumplings were actually wontons... bad translation. I like
wontons though.

Soup wasn't doin it for us, so we went to Cheesecake Factory and I had the
best cheesecake of my life =)


We went back to Jay's and watched the "Clerks" television episodes off the
new DVD. I had only seen the final aired episode; apparetly the pilot was
too vulgar to air. Must have for any View Askew fan.


In the morning I went to Slapyoda's house and we woke Skrike up and had
FrontierWok for breakfast. Then Slappy and I headed out to Disneyland.
Yay! It was like.. perfect.


We fast-passed Indiana Jones and climbed through Tarzan's Treehouse. We
then went to the Haunted Mansion to look for the hidden mickeys. A hidden
mickey is Mickey Mouse's silhouette.. they're hidden throughout the park
in obscure places. www.hiddenmickeys.org shows some. We saw the one in the
elvator, where if you stand underneath the candlesticks and look straight
up, the candles will form a mickey. On the inside of the ride, in the
ballroom scene, one of the place settings on the table is arranged to form
a perfect hidden mickey.

Skipping to the rest of the day because you probably dont want a list of
rides at Disneyland, we ended up riding on the Matterhorn 5X and Space
Mountain 4x. Werd to Fastpass. We also got to see these wacky Beatles
impersonators, with a huge huge crowd of screaming teenage and middle-aged
girls. Weird.

Downtown Disney opened last month and we had a chance to check it out.
It's a mall, kind of like Universal Citywalk. There's a Lego store with a
giant snake and animatronic Darth Vader and R2D2. Next door, there's a
Hollywood memorabilia store with a million signed posters and a wall of
Beatles stuff. 

The best part was the Rainforest Cafe. They're a nationwide chain, so
check them out. The hostess base is a purple elephant, and they take you
through an entryway with tubes of live fish when they seat you. The
interior is completely decked out like a rainforest; every inch of ceiling
is smothered with lush foilage. While you're eating, the monkeys and birds
get restless, and it totally starts to rain.

At 2am we went back home and watched the 50's version of "The Time
Machine." Sleep was inevitable after the action-packed day.

I woke up with an urgent desire to have a comic book about the Pope. I
think we saw him on CNN and I remembered a news article I saw a month ago
that talked about the Pope's new comic book. We headed out to Melrose, a
street filled with cutting edge fashion and lots of cool people. Golden
Apple Comics is on Melrose, but they didn't have the Pope Comic, so I got
my usual comics instead.

Wacked weekend, lots and lots and lots of fun =) 

                           -.x.x.x.-
Dancing with Pepperoni
by Sam Morrison [bleh6669@hotmail.com]


It all started at school on friday.. It was last period and i was about to
drive home. All of a sudden, my friend Lindsey pops up beside me and says
"hey wanna go to a rave tonight?" So naturally, i nod my head and say yes
and she hands me this little plain orange flyer.  Nothing fancy, nothing
eye catching, just a plain orange with black text flyer. It reads
"Paporattzi's Pizza Friday Rave! $3 at door". I started laughing. Lindsey
says, "yeah it sounds corny but they throw bad ass raves". Being the
trusting person i am, i went up there with her and 6 other friends.  The
doors opened for the rave at 9pm. After we got our stuff together and got
there and got ourselves settled it was 10:30. To no suprise to me, i
realized we were the only ones there. Their lighting was plain, not even a
black light to be seen; nothing special. The atmosphere was shitty, there
were cops at the bar eating pizza and kids outside playing tag.  The music
was unoriginal and didnt change much, except for one DJ *however i forgot
his name due to the fact that i burned the flyer*.

After seeing how plain and boring it was we decided to head off. Then i
realized that i had locked my keys in my car - what fun. So i made lindsey
take her bra off and let me use the underwire as a slim jim.  After about
30 minutes of messing with that, i realized i was using the hook the wrong
way, so then i turned it around and everything was good, door unlocked and
everything. We went home bored and unsatisfied.  Hopefully the next rave i
go to is more succesful, and i dont think ill be going to anymore "pizza
raves".



                           -.x.x.x.-


h410g3n presentz - h410G3n's PalmOS Programming Primer
by h4l0g3n [h410G3n@h410G3n.com]

#shoutz: Cyb0rg/ASM, theclone, wizbone, wraith, wildman
--

Disclaimer:

I do not assume ANY fucking responsibility for what you do.  For Example: 
if you just so happen to lean back in your chair after using these 
techniques, knock your momma's DSS receiver out of your window and land it 
in a swimming pool full of 'leet wannabe hack0rs killing them and 
rupturing a fault line, sending half of California into the ocean.
IT'S NOT MY FUCKING FAULT!

--

Okay peepz.  I finally worked up the nerve and cash to go out and pick up 
a Palm Vx, and I wanted to plunge into developing appz for it in C/C++ 
under *NIX.  I ran into a few complications with this plan.  First off all 
of the sample programs wouldn't compile properly with the sdk from 
http://www.palm.com.  After pissing around with the sdk, I finally got a 
simple app working.  It was way too much fucking work!  Some gawd damn rsc 
file, app, and Makefile.  damn!  There has got to be an easier way..  
finally after pissing around with my new palm for almost two days I found 
a really good compiler that runs on the Palm itself!!  wow.  So now I can 
write code on the road, compile and link all of the shit completely on the 
Palm computing platform!  Nifty.  I will now share with you the secrets of 
building apps with the tools I will provide to you a bit later on in this 
txt.

Simply download the following files and install them onto your Plam III/V:

http://www.h410G3n.com/releases/files/palm/OnBoard.zip
http://www.h410G3n.com/releases/files/palm/RsrcEdit.zip
http://www.h410G3n.com/releases/files/palm/pedit32.zip
http://www.h410G3n.com/releases/files/palm/qed.zip

(aka OnBoardC... http://www.individeo.net/OnBoardC.html)

Notes on the compiler:

- It will compile C/C++ and it has a separate assembler/dissembler (damn 
   handy tool for all that shitty crippleware out there)
- It can make "Hackmaster Extensions"
- It has a full Rsrc editor that can edit every bitmap+piece of asm on the 
   unit (careful, don't corrupt your palm with it)
- All of the above files *must* be in the same "category" or you will 
   crash your Palm.  I learned this real fast. :D
- The pedit is by far the best text editor for PalmOS, and the reg screen 
   is busted??  just enter in any old code and it will register in a snap 
   for you. (Or don't if you like the nag screen).


Okay, don't get too crazy at first.  Some of the components are really 
touchy, and if you do something you are not supposed to, you *will* crash  
the unit.  (Hope I didn't scare you) :)

Simply run the OnboardC program, select "New project" from the pulldown 
menu.  Check the "generate skeleton" and make a name for your app (no 
spaces) and select "memo" as your source editor. (DO NOT SELECT pedit32 or 
it will CRASH the unit).

Now you should see your new project.  Click the "Build Button" and watch 
it compile a binary.  Neat-o!  Exit the program, and run your new app.  
Nice!  It executes.  Go back into OnboardC, and select the Rsrc file and 
click RsrcEdit.  This is the GUI editor.  You can now customize all 
the buttons in your program, add pulldown menus, draw in bitmaps -- the 
works!  When you have a nice GUI, simply save it, exit OnboardC and 
load pedit  (If you do not get a list of memos, click the OK button near 
the bottom), and open your C++ code.  Simply edit it, save, and compile a 
finished app.

                           -.x.x.x.-



Flippersmack is on the lookout for insanity and creativity! Send articles to
pinguino@kythri.net

                           -.x.x.x.-
