 O=
/)              FLIPPERSMACK 011
`=     culturemag for a penguin generation
           http://www.flippersmack.com
x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x


I saw three movies in twenty four hours! SlapAyoda totally hooked up the
preview passes and we got to see Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back and Run
Ronnie Run. Since it's opening weekend for AI, we saw that at the Mann
Chinese in Hollywood. Afterwards, we headed down to Anaheim to check out
ID4Con and watch a bunch of drunk hackers play with fireworks. Yay!
Awesome freaking weekend. This issue has reviews of the movies, and an
elite poem by Monk. More poetry by Monk in upcoming issues of
Flippersmack!

Check out the OFFICIAL website for the DefCon Scavenger Hunt! We WILL be
at DefCon this year. Play the Pre-Hunt game and swing by the
Flippersmack/K-Line table and tell us the secret passphrase to win
Scavenger Hunt Points and cool stuff!

http://www.penguinpalace.com/flippersmack/scavhunt

   pinguino
   [pinguino@comicartist.com]


Flippersmack Archives:

http://www.penguinpalace.com/
http://www.nettwerked.net/
http://www.ghu.ca/

tABLE oF cONTENTS

*fresh* Pre-Scavenger Hunt Clue #5 .................Flippersmack
[review] Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back.................Pinguino
*fresh* [review] AI.....................................Pinguino
*fresh* [review] Run Ronnie Run.........................Pinguino
Untitled Poetry.............................................Monk

FRESH articles were written day of zine release- July 01, 2001

.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x

PRE-HUNT CLUE #005!!!!

Here is the code for two more letters. If you can't figure it out, get on
the phone and see what you can stir up.

7c3b2c7b3b8a-4c7c-5c5c

                           -.x.x.x.-

Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back (Movie Review)
by Pinguino [pinguino@comicartist.com]

JAY AND SILENT BOB STRIKE BACK is a hilarious return to the previous four 
View Askew movies, and almost entirely a giant inside joke. If you haven't
seen CLERKS, MALLRATS, CHASING AMY, and DOGMA, little of this movie will make
sense. Jay (Jason Mewes) and Silent Bob (Kevin Smith), a pair of goofball
drug dealers, travel from Jersey to Hollywood to stop production of a movie
that is being made of the comic book based on their lives. This is the movie
that ties quirky details from the other four movies together, where Jay and
Silent Bob only had short appearances in. Jay and Silent Bob put on an
excellent performance; each antic was fresh and entertaining. The movie also
has some great spoofs from STAR WARS, SCOOBY DOO, and PLANET OF THE APES.
Invite some friends over for a View Askew marathon, and watch this movie on
August 24!

                           -.x.x.x.-

A.I. (Movie Review)
by Pinguino [pinguino@comicartist.com]

Spielberg's AI is an emotional journal of a robot boy who strives to
become a real live boy. David, played by Haley Joel Osment, is the first
robot built to love. The movie is a social commentary of early 22nd
century society, where humans and robots co-exist. The movie is loosely
based on "Supertoys Last All Summer Long" by Brian Aldiss (1969).
Spielberg leads your heart down extreme paths of love and hate, jealousy
and innocence, and through a realistic vision of the future. This is one
of his best films to date, from storytelling to special effects. Don't
miss seeing this one in theatres!


                           -.x.x.x.-

Run Ronnie Run (Movie Review)
by Pinguino [pinguino@comicartist.com]

Ronnie Dobbs (David Cross), a belligerent drunk, gets discovered from
multiple arrests on a COPS-style TV show, and lands his own series.
Through his rise to fame and fortune, his eyes remain fixed to his one
true love. David Cross puts on an amazing performance as Ronnie, and his
antics will definately make you laugh. This hilarious spin-off of HBO's
MR. SHOW is sure to be the funniest comedy of 2002.


                           -.x.x.x.-

Untitled
by Monk (monkstah@hotmail.com)

your stealing my eyes with your broadway stare
slipping through the corner of those glasses
like adam's voice interrupting my bedsheets
with coffee black lines i remind myself
that dreaming isn't fair.

if only my ginger rogers missed fred astaire,
i'd show her dancing on the tin roofs
of buildings, clasping elegant satin
around her shoulders as she silenced
the room by her walk.

your ruby lips gingerly reveal more of
your character than you allow, and
inhibitions slip silently to the ground
with each passing drink in your hand.

i met a girl who dreams in cleveland,
and exacts her medicine with modesty
through morning cigarettes
that allow the rest of the day to welcome her.

i met a boy who looks at blue
waiting for eyes that compare to vivian leigh,
and only hoping she strolls
with an air of simpleness.

                           -.x.x.x.-

A big huge hug to SlapAyoda for making an elite Scavenger Hunt puzzle =)
and to Monk for supplying me with tons of cutting edge poetry!@

Flippersmack (c) 2001 Flippersmack All Rights Reserved.

