 O=
/)              FLIPPERSMACK 016
`=     culturemag for a penguin generation
           http://www.flippersmack.com
x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x

Penguin Palace is the group that publishes Flippersmack. It's a design
company that has been publishing comics and zines since 1988. Recently,
Penguin Palace went through a complete website redesign, to reflect the
new direction we're taking with it. Check it out :)

http://www.penguinpalace.com/

Also, this piece is completely new: Sanctuary Live Painting. A week ago,
SlapAyoda, Stone Dragon, Charles Wilson, and I attended a rave in the
Temecula mountains called "Sanctuary." I did a live painting on location,
with acrylics in quite adverse conditions. The painting came out
excellent, and the process is archived here:

http://www.penguinpalace.com/projects/sanctuary2001/

SlapAyoda and I saw "Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back" again in theaters.
Still an awesome movie. I could watch it over and over and over. We went
to Universal Studios, too. If you haven't been in a while, you should go
for the "Nickelodeon Blast Zone," which is a crazy ball room and splash
area. Basically, you get contraptions and guns to sling water and foam
balls all over the places. Hours of entertainment. I was wearing Jnco
Kangaroos (ie. really gigantic pants) which got completely drenched. Yay
Universal!

Enjoy your weekly dosage of Flippersmack@!
 
   pinguino
   [pinguino@comicartist.com]


tABLE oF cONTENTS


Delicious Evil .................................... Stone Dragon
CRTC Zine ............................................ The Clone
[review] Gasaraki ..................................... Pinguino
[review] Generator Gawl ............................... Pinguino
[review] Orphen: Spell of the Dragon .................. Pinguino
moonbeams ............................................ SlapAyoda
[review] Max Payne ................................ Stone Dragon
Once, Now, Forever .................................... Pinguino
[review] Brother .................................... Peter Katz

.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x.x

Delicious Evil
by Stone Dragon (r_lull@hotmail.com)

She stalks-
A panther of the dark
the ice shifts across my skin
I burn all the same
black nips at my soul
a slow, subtle pain
I yearn for it
I beg for it
blood red tongue across black death lips
I am pierced by cat's eyes
an unholy union initiated
I burn on her frozen pale skin
she takes my warmth
and feeds it to the demons
I scream in anxious agony
enveloped in delicious evil
extasy in my cold hell
a final wail of despair
before Mistress Night caresses us,
her children.

                           -.x.x.x.-

A New Zine... the inspiration of TAP, Phrack, and K-1ine 
 
     [CRTC Introduction: issue 0, volume 1 - August 2001] 
 
	     On August 26, 2001 the world changed forever... 
 
A group of anti-socials with extraordinary telephone skills got together 
and flaunted their fresh writings in a new online compilation magazine. 
They called it 'CRTC' (Call and Response Telephone Compilations). Within 
the digital pages of this magazine lives insightful information regarding the 
complex telephone systems of Canada. The group known as the Canadian 
Phreakers Union not only created, but write for CRTC regularly. CRTC 
issues are released on the 11th day of every month and contain 100% 
telephony related information - 'cause everything else is boring and 
irrelevant. Join the Canadian Phreakers Union's journey through Mah Bell's 
copper veins, and enter the world of the phone phreaks in Call and 
Response Telephone Compilations. 
 
"If information is the quest, then sharing that information is the 
conquest" 
 
			 www.nettwerked.net/cpu  

                           -.x.x.x.-


Gasaraki [anime review]
Review of volume 1-4
by pinguino (pinguino@comicartist.com)

From the creators of "Bubblegum Crisis" and the producers of "Mobile Suit
Gundam" comes a new breed of mech anime, in a series called GASARAKI.
Agile mechs designed for close combat in urban settings are controlled by
military forces, in a realistic vision of the near future. These mechs are
known as tactical armor, or TA, because they are operated by a live
soldier sitting inside the mech. Only a handful of these valuable fighting
machines exist in the world, and their production is concentrated in the
Middle East.

The Gowa family has direct control of TA design and production, while the
fourth youngest son, Yushiro, excels in operating the mechs in battle. As
the episodes play out, Yushiro begins to unravel inconsistencies in his
memories of his past. This revelation brings a new urgency and sense of
mystery to the story.

The first volume can be overwhelming and confusing, but the storyline
makes sense in the second through fourth volumes. Once the viewer grasps
the TA concepts, and begins to understand some of the mystery, the series
is extremely addictive. The animation is very sleek, reminiscent of both
"Gundam" and "Bubblegum Crisis." The producers are a little more creative,
in that they incorporated subtle motion picture effects to the animation.
It's a very dark style and the story moves quick, but it's not obscenely
violent, considering that the only thing that protects the vulnerable TA
operator is a robotic husk.

There also doesn't seem to be any serious romantic relationships in this
story; there are spiritual ties between Yushiro and a TA operator from the
enemy team, and there are the familial ties between Yushiro and his
brothers and sister. It works well with the darkness and manipulation of
the story.

If you like mechs, you'll like "Gasaraki." The storyline is both intense
and intriguing, and the art is top quality. It can be confusing to watch;
it's not a video you can easily miss a few minutes of. "Gasaraki" is
highly recommended for those who have seen other mech anime, and want
something that will tease their senses.

"Gasaraki" has a really good intro song; the distinct type that haunts
your mind late at night. It was written by Kuniaki Izubuchi. "Gasaraki"
was written, directed, and produced by Ryosuke Takahashi. Hajime Yutate
co-wrote the original story, while Toru Nozaki wrote the screenplay. The
characters were designed by Shukou Murase, and the mechs were designed in
detail by Yutaka Izubuchi. "Gasaraki" was produced by TV Osaka, Yomiko,
Bandai Films, and Sunrise, and brought to the US by ADV Films.

                           -.x.x.x.-

Generator Gawl [anime review]
Review of volume 1-3
by pinguino (pinguino@comicartist.com)

Ryoh and Koji are scientists from the future.  They come to the present
with their friend, Gawl, who was the first to be born with genetically
engineered include cells.  These cells enable Gawl to transform, or
generate, into an agile fighting beast.

They masquerade themselves as foreign exchange students who have been
accepted into an elite private school for the gifted.  Masami is a student
at the school who develops a love-hate relationship with Gawl.  Her mother
is the landlord of the foreign exchange students, and Masami is very
protective of her "tenants."  As Ryoh and Koji pursue the goals of their
expedition, Masami falls in love with Gawl and follows the trio around,
sometimes through dangerous situations.

"Generator Gawl" is a cute story that incorporates teenage romance with
fights between genetically engineered creatures.  The animation style is
"Ranma 1 1/2" meets "Predator," which sounds completely weird, but works
really well in this series.  The creature design is really imaginative and
the fight scenes are impressive.  "Generator Gawl" is well-rounded series
that would captivate people who haven't seen much anime, while
entertaining seasoned fans.

"Generator Gawl" was created by Hidefumi Kimura and Fumihiko Shimo, who
based it on a story by the Tatsunoko Pro Project Room.  It was directed by
Seiji Mizushima and produced by Masaru Nakamura and Kenji Yoshida.
"Generator Gawl" was made possible by JVC Tatsunoko Pro and ADV Films.

                           -.x.x.x.-

Orphen: Spell of the Dragon [anime review]
review by pinguino (pinguino@comicartist.com)

First it was a fantasy novel series by Yuuya Kusaka.  Next, it was a
popular video game.  ADV Films presents the magical adventure in animated
form: "Orphen, Spell of the Dragon."

Orphen, a talented young magician, has been keeping his eye on an
enchanted sword for about a year.  Meanwhile, he's taken on an apprentice,
a boy named Majic.  The owner of the sword, Cleao, returns home from
boarding school.  She catches Orphen spying on her house and challenges
him to a fight with the enchanted sword.  This attracts a giant dragon,
the Bloody August, to the scene.  Orphen stuns the room when instead of
slaying the dragon, he tries to reason with it.

The adventure begins; an interesting tale of magic, dragons, and questing.  
Orphen is joined by Cleao and Majic, as well as a pair of annoying little
trolls, on a fantasy adventure to battle the Bloody August.

The animation style is different in that its drawn like a video game
intro.  Lots of earth tones are present in the background, and it seems to
have more of a mixed media feel than other titles.

If you like fantasy stories, this one is very easy to follow and
understand. It has a good story paired with amazing artwork, which makes
it a good addition to any anime collection.

The original story was by Yoshinobu Akita, and the original illustrations
by Yuuya Kusaka. The fantasy novels were published by Fujimi Fantasia
Books.  Hiroshi Watanabe was the executive director for the series; he
also directed "Slayers" and produced "Video Girl AI."  "Orphen" was
produced by J.C. Staff, TBS, Kadokawa Shoten, and Tetsuo Gensho.  It was
released in the US by ADV Films.

                           -.x.x.x.-

moonbeams
by slapAyoda (slapayoda@yahoo.com)

the cicada wanders slowly 'round the surface of my eye
breaking up the moon-beams into soft patterns
forming unspeakable images of a world to come

shattered and lifeless portions of the once-sacred
wholeness and completion nearing in the madman's crusted gaze

I feel lifeless myself in these hours of desperation and pain

                           -.x.x.x.-

Max Payne [video-game review]
by Stone Dragon (r_lull@hotmail.com)

Here's a quick run-down on this bad-ass new game (available now for the PC):

Graphics:  This game makes desolate, wind-blown, snow-spread slums look very 
real, and actually pretty.  The characters are cool (especially Max), and 
keep the theme of the game intact with detailed outfits.  The bullet-time 
effects will have you coming back again and again and again and....
95%

Sound/Music:  There's mostly no music, except at key parts, but the gunfire 
and other effects are excellent, including the muted effects during bullet 
time.
95%

Gameplay:  Ummm, I've beaten this game twice, and I'm still playing it.  
Does this answer your question?  
93%

Style/Originality:  Other than the rather cool Matrix-y stuff that
is the base of this game, it's just a 3rd person shooter, but the Matrix
stuff is enough!  Several different modes of play will keep this rather
short game fresh for quite a while longer.
80%

Ending:  Typical of most action movies:  bad guy dies, hero sighs in
relief, credits roll. But who the hell cares?
60%

Grade:  A- (88%)


    Why are you still reading this?  Isn't the summary enough?  Run to get
this game as fast as your chubby little legs can carry you!  Oh, very
well.  I'll say what you don't really need to hear.  This game is
fantastic.  Every single bit of hype you may have heard is absolutely
true. The true spirit of John Woo and the Wachowski Bros (of Matrix fame)
have melded into an action packed, bloody gun-fest filled with some of the
coolest effects ever to grace the silver screen, let alone the glass
monitor.  And it's not all about the action, the story is intriguing and
satisfying, as well as masterfully executed.

    The game starts with a quick glimpse of the end.  The Aesir Plaza, a
nexus for evil and corruption, is quickly being surrounded by the NYPD.  
At the top of the tower, Max Payne lowers his gun, his demons released at
last.

  "I lowered my weapon, and then it was over."  The game then goes to a
graphic novel sort of setup - in order to tell the story of how events led
to this bloody finish.  The graphic novel isn't really a feature I liked,
especially since the human equivalent of Max Payne is, well, in a word,
dopey.  There's so much over-emphasis in the expressions that he gives,
that it almost dooms the game to corniness. Also, the rest of the
characters in the graphic novel setting weren't made up very well.  They
all look like game developers trying to act as gangsters(which they
probably are).  All this can be forgiven however, and to find out how,
skip to the Gameplay section.  In-engine, the game shines.  Make no
mistake, Max Payne(the game, and the on-screen character) is a sharp
customer.  Slick and cool style are everywhere - down to the smallest
bullet casing.  You're going to need one monster of a computer to make it
really smooth, but it'll be worth it.  Trust me.  Try gunning down a swarm
of baddies in a room.  Usually, the last man you off will trigger a very
Matrix moment (how many times will I say that in this review?), complete
with a slowed down spin around the crook, as he's blasted to the floor,
courtesy of one of Max's hand cannons.  It makes me warm all over just
thinking about it....

    Musically, you may go wanting with this game, and while there are
parts to the game where there are rather cool music snips, it usually only
happens during a major fight.  Otherwise, you're stuck with ambient sounds
- like a nearby radio's static, or the wind howling outside the building.  
Even so, the ambiance sets the mood perfectly.  Also, a key part to
getting the drop on the thugs, is to hear them coming close to the door
just before you open it.  Music would interfere with this element.

    The sounds you'll here in this game most often will involve either A:  
Bad guys yelling in surprise as they spot Max, or B:  The killer gun
effects, grenade explosions and screams of pain from the unfortunate souls
who crossed the path of a "Man with nothing to lose".  Unless you live
with parents, or whiny roommates, turn this game up LOUD.

    Gameplay.  Hmmm, where the hell do I start?  How about with the entire
reason you buy this game - the bullet time and shoot-dodge features?  Yes,
that would make sense.  I'm wondering how many clone games are going to
come out with these features.  Let's start with shoot-dodge, shall we?  
Easily the most used feature in the game, shoot-dodge gives Max an
obvious edge over his adversaries.  Activating shoot-dodge slows the
entire game down, except for Max, and his maneuvering.  When in shoot-dodge
mode, Max will leap to whatever direction you command, guns leading the
way.  Bullets slow down to the point where they appear to be floating
lazily past - harmlessly.  This gives Max a greater chance to cap his
enemies expertly, before he hits the ground, and normal time commences.  
The longer (and much more wasteful) feature is bullet time, where
everything slows, but Max is able to run around (slowly), and easily avoid
the slugs flowing freely from an enemy's gun.  Just so you don't use
either mode too much, the game gives Max a limited amount of time he can
use in either shoot-dodge or bullet time, in the form of an hourglass right
next to his health.  Killing bad guys gives Max more time in the
hourglass, so the action is a well-balance mix of real-time gun-play, and
ultra cool John Woo ballet-like gun-fighting.  Besides the settings and the
sounds, nothing in this game is all too realistic, and it was done that
way purposefully in order to maximize the fun (which it does).  Near the
end of the game, Max carries 3 pistols, 3 shotguns, a pair of Ingrams, an
assault rifle, a sniper rifle, grenades, Molotov cocktails and more, plus
close to a thousand rounds of ammo.  Those are some deep pockets.

    During the game there are nifty little touches that show that even
though Max takes the game seriously throughout his entire narration, the
game developers do not.  Every once in a while, Max will stumble upon a
few criminals as they are having some sort of goofy conversation, or a
rather sappy enemy watching an Elizabethan era sort of soap opera.  I
swear the TV shows these gangsters watch are ridiculous.  I usually shoot
the TV.  Some of the antics the bad guys play will make you laugh;
when a pair of terrorists are attempting to blow a whole through a wall,
and manage to blow themselves to bits, you just might laugh yourself out
of your chair.  Enemies even make funny references to the movies that
inspired this game.

    The game itself is actually rather short, maybe about 10-15 hours
worth of play from beginning to end.  In order to extend the lifespan
entertainment, several different modes of play have been added to the mix.  
There's 2 different difficulty settings for Max to play with, the first
one makes the enemies harder to kill, and Max easier.  The second
intensifies these effects, and also limits the amount of times you can
save the game per level.  There's also New York Minute, in which you have
to complete each level in - you guessed it - a minute.  Killing bad guys
adds a few seconds to the clock.  This is a very frenzied mode of play.  
Of course, you need to beat the normal mode of play in order to start
unlocking the others.

    The ending is where the game really disappoints me.  Let's just say
that its a standard action movie ending.  The head bad guy dies a horrible
death, and the police arrive just after the action is over.  The good guy
makes a few final remarks, and then the credits roll.  Although this
troubles me greatly, I'm able to forgive, and let this slide - this time.  
The game is just too good to hold a crappy ending against it.

    You know how many Diablo clones there are out there?  Well, soon,
gaming magazines (as well as myself) shall be referring to quite a few
action games as "Max Payne clones".  This is an instant classic that must
be added to your gaming library as soon as is humanly possible.


PS.  Stonedragon needs more Max Payne.  If anyone knows of a website where 
Max Payne levels are available, or you have levels you'd like me to try, 
please email me at r_lull@hotmail.com  Thanks!

                           -.x.x.x.-
Once, Now, Forever
by Pinguino (pinguino@comicartist.com)

Storybooks and fairytales don't lie
The warmth from your blankets will never leave
When that special someone enters your life
Nothing can melt your happiness away

Random sappy kisses scare off the elderly
As we wait in line for each new ride
Each day brings us closer and closer
Lovebirds fluttering at night

I see my heart dancing in your eyes
Tranquil blue watercolored explorers
Travel the world together we will
The night is ours to rule

I want to taste each minute each second
Savoring the time we spend together
You make me feel alive and whole
Endless cottoncandy dream 


                           -.x.x.x.-
BROTHER [movie review]
by Peter Katz (FIENDzine@aol.com)

2001, Rated R, 118min, Sony Pictures Classics   

Brother is Kitano's first American release. Tackeshi Kitano directs, acts,
writes scripts, and does the artwork in his films. Like Woody Allen,
Kitano has the same characteristics in every movie. He plays
characters whose actions speak louder than their (few) words. In this movie,
he plays Yamamoto, a powerful Yakuza (Mafia member) who is as apathetic 
towards death as a coroner.  The beginning of the film starts out in a Japan
with a minimalist style of very little dialogue but the film progresses
to Los Angeles because Yamamoto's old Japanese mafioso is slaughtered by a 
opposing Yakuza gang.  Yamamoto finds that Ken (Claude Maki), his half 
brother who moved to California for college is actually dealing drugs with 
his weak gang of Denny (Omar Epps), Jaye (Royale Watkins), and Mo (Lombardo
Moyar). The action speeds into a Reservoir Dog like blood-shed when Yamamoto
joins the pack, and Ken's gang gets into a war with a Latin gang.

Pros- Blood, blood, and more blood: this film has body mutilation,
stabbings, Mafia induced suicide, and enough gun-play to make the NRA
proud. Tackeshi Kitano makes Clint Eastwood look like a pussy.

Cons- Tarantino influence and Soprano rejects (token Italian gangsters). 


                           -.x.x.x.-

Flippersmack Archives:

http://www.penguinpalace.com/
http://www.nettwerked.net/
http://www.ghu.ca/
 
+-----------------------------------------------------+
Flippersmack (c) 2001 Flippersmack All Rights Reserved.

i love yoda. werd to the jedi.
