pinguino: Today we're interviewing Kilna, a fresh cyber popstar we found
in San Diego. Kilna, tell us the the definition of "cyber popstar" and why
you choose that image to portray.

KILNA: Well, firstly I'm a geek, I can't help that, and secondly
I'm a musician. Its just kind of a natural progression of those
two aspects. I love sci-fi and I think that a lot of the time when sci-fi
is represented in the music world its too much "n'sync" and not enough
"nine inch nails"

pinguino: Describe your style as a musician to someone who has
never heard your songs or mixes

KILNA: Madonna and Trent Reznor's bastard child. I'm trying to find that
fine line between easy to listen to and still edgy. Its a hard place to
find sometimes.

pinguino: It's hard to create something new that people haven't
heard before, or to put a good twist on a song that people
already love. How do you approach new projects?

KILNA: Well, when I'm remixing something that already exists, especially
when its something good that I already like, its a challenge... I try to
take my favorite elements of the existing work and bring them to the
foreground. Like in my "Terrible Secret of Space" mixes, the "go stand by
the stairs" and "do you have stairs in your house" groove sections. :)

pinguino: Do you have stairs in your house?

KILNA: Currently, no. The house I was in when the main body those versions
were created did have stairs. I was protected. As far as my original work
goes, I'm finding that the type of music I end up creating is new just by
virtue of what I like in my music being a bit abnormal. I don't mind
robots and dark orchestral sections hanging out with pop-ish techno
sounds. I am noticing that lyrically I'm ending up more Trent than
Madonna, which is alright just not quite what I was originally expecting.
I'm such a happy person and these dark lyrics just keep on seeping out of
my brain. One interesting thing I didn't know about musicians that I
discovered during all of this... You're not supposed to feel bad or
narcisistic about listening to your own music.

pinguino: Do you get sick of songs you made early-on, like the
space-robot mixes?

KILNA: Amazing enough, I have NEVER gotten tired of "Terrible". And I
worked on that one on-and-off for months. It always felt a bit awkward
listening to a song after I called it done... but you have to be the
biggest fan of your own music.

pinguino: What else are you a big fan of?

KILNA: Well, Information Society, Depeche Mode, New Order, Erasure, Pet
Shop Boys, Cuase and Effect, Echoing Green, (forgiving) Iris... musicially
Pretty much if its synth-pop I'll probably diggit. I am a HUGE farscape
fan. That show rocks the casbah. And "enterprise" is growing on me. I
think the world would be a much happier place with naked vulcans. Most
geeky things have me. I am a technology FREAK. I wear an e-holster, which
is quite possibly th emost geeky item ever invented. I now lust for the
new Samsung color palm-pilot phone all-in-one unit.

pinguino: What neato tech-toys do you wish were invented and in wide use?

KILNA: Here's my ideal gadget: covnergence heaven... built in everything:
phone, hi-speed wireless internet, mp3 players (from onboard storage or
streamed from the net) headphones, heads up display on glasses And an
arm-mounted half-keyboard type device

pinguino: You might not have a robotic dog, but you'd be the first to get
a wearable computer =)

KILNA: I would look like a borg, but I would be in heaven. Yeah, my best
friend Das has an Aibo. Spent $2k on it, and now its sitting in his
closet. *sigh*

pinguino: Poor doggie

KILNA: And of course I'd be up for implanted technology, but I sure as
heck ain't gonna beta test. 

KILNA: Bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzt. Uh, oh... gotta reboot.

KILNA: Dang cyberchip :)

pinguino: How have people been finding out about Kilna?

KILNA: Well, my own big mouth right now... I am a fequent poster to
Slashdot under the alias 575. I'm planning on a lot of cross-promotion
though through the many existing channels for new artists to post their
music to the web. MP3.com is one of the many sites of its kind for getting
your stuff out there. Also, I'm going to remix other artists' music, and
have my music open for others to do remixes, which should drive folks who
may not have known about me. One thing about my being a CYBORG POP-STAR is
the fact that unlike most people in the music industry, I'm actually an
active user/maker of technology. All of the features of my web site were
programmed by yours truly.

pinguino: Time for greets/shoutouts!

KILNA: Props to all my crew, 'SUP!!! A big thank you to the people who
have listened, and an even bigger one to the folks daring enough to call
themselves a fan. This is the beginning of something big, and its going to
be a blast.

Two songs coming out this month, original songs with vocals, in addition
to the 5 already up.

