            
                             AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
                      AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
        AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH                            AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH              0 7 - 1 5 - 0 0               AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH                                            AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH            I S S U E   # 1 0 0             AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH                                            AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH              "We're All Dead"              AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH                                            AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH                                            AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH             by the aNAda Staff             AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH                                            AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH      HH  H      H      HHHH       H        AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH      H H H     H H     H   H     H H       AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
                       H  HH    H H H    H   H    H H H
    www.anada.net      A   H    A   H    AHHH     A   H      www.anada.net
        

 AHHHHHHH   Sabazio    HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 AHHHHHHH   by Jason   HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

        Sabazio passed away some time in the night of July 13, 2000.  He was
 found crushed to death by a 50-inch TV.  Although his immediate relatives
 had no knowledge of him owning such a large television and there were signs
 of a struggle, police have ruled out the possibility of foul play.  "Our
 masters have told us not to comment," Detective John Smith said in his
 characteristic monotone.  Neighbors reported no suspicious noises, except
 that the television seemed to be turned to an exceptionally loud volume.
 "He was such a nice young man," said neighbor Mary Smith flatly, before
 returning to her daily television watching.

        Sabazio's life was one of complete adequacy.  He is not known to have
 killed anyone famous nor has he won any prestigious prizes.  His
 intelligence has been described as "perfectly acceptable" although his
 fashion sense is widely considered by scholars to be mediocre at best.  He
 was a devoted practitioner of bipedalism and spoke English.  There have been
 rumors linking him to the Gay Communist Alien Gun Club, but those turned out
 to be false.  Almost every morning since he was young, he got out of bed.
 He was also known to eat food several times a day.  The story of his life,
 "The Pamphlet of Sabazio" will be available in your local library in the
 same room as the Beta tapes.

        Sabazio is survived by a soiled pair of pants and a nice shirt. 

        Services were yesterday.  A smelly homeless man attended. 


 AHHHHHHH   Jphish         HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 AHHHHHHH   by Phairgirl   HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

        A town is in shock.

        Jphish, also known as the only male member of the gang known as the
 "Radioactive Lesbian Nazi Hookers," was found dead today, apparently the
 victim of bludgeoning with a bag of fertilizer.

        Sources indicate that Jphish, at the tender age of 20, had resumed
 his former job at Wendy's Old-Fashioned Hamburgers, after taking much time
 away to continue with his schooling and taking a much better job at Lowe's.
 He was well-liked at both places of employment, never posed any problems,
 and always greeted his customers with a smile.

        "Jphish was one of the funniest, most friendly people I've ever
 worked with," noted one of the workers, who requested his name not be given
 for fear that the aliens would probe him again.

        Cap'n Poopy Pants also felt the pain.  "I don't know, I hardly see
 the guy anymore," he said as he concentrated on his new Kirby 64 game.

        His ex-girlfriends Suzanne and Erica were unavailable for comment, as
 they were sucking dick.  However, Phairgirl was found at her home, violently
 shuffling through a pile of Lucky Charms cereal dumped on the floor of her
 kitchen on her hands and knees.  "Damn that secret satanic order," she
 mumbled.  "Now that he's gone, I'll NEVER know how to utilize Lucky Charms'
 aphrodesiac power!  DAMN HIM!"

        Circumstances surrounding the death were bizarre at best.
 Apparently, a woman identified only as the Double Stack Lady, had ambled
 into Wendy's one Friday morning.  She had discovered that Jphish was working
 there once again and had some issues with some fertilizer she had purchased
 at Lowe's the week before.  Nobody witnessed the incident, but Jphish was
 last seen alive going outside to talk to the Double Stack Lady about her
 fertilizer problems.  He was later found dead in Wendy's parking lot,
 heavily bruised and bleeding from the ears with fertilizer scattered about.

        The Double Stack Lady has yet to be brought to justice, as her home
 in Dyersville, Iowa, has not just a wooden fence but ALSO a chain link
 fence, and police are still puzzled as to how to penetrate the compound.

        Services will be held on Monday at the funeral home that is next door
 to the apartment where Phairgirl was conceived.


 AHHHHHHH   Devon     HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 AHHHHHHH   by Effy   HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

 Author's Note:  The DEATH ISSUE of aNAda is purely ficticious.
                 However, this segment may be frighteningly
                 accurate to circumstances in real life.  The
                 reason for this is that this is probably a true
                 story.

	In his short, yet vaguely memorable time as an aNAda staff member,
 Devon brought the rest of us staff members to a new level of awareness.  He
 showed us a new kind of blunt, political persuasion, using harshly cliched
 phrases of profanity to nail his points home.

	Too bad he is dead, and it was *WE* who killed him.

	In his self-delusional king of the ranters state, he managed to crank
 out one file since aNAda came out of the womb, obviously not realizing his
 purpose was to produce, and reproduce.  It is probably more fortunate,
 however, that we killed him, because the text file scene has enough whining
 wet blankets that are difficult enough to torch out of our existence as it
 is.

	Perhaps you consider it genocide that we killed off one of our own.
 You're forgetting something important--the inner, primal drive of real text
 file writers.  Survival of the fittest.  We kill the wussy pussies, and we
 grow and get stronger as a result of it.  We revel in the ashes of pathetic
 one-timers and incompetent ranters.  Devon is not a victim.  He has played
 his part out in aNAda, and will continue to serve his purpose in death.

	It is most likely that Devon was suicidal.  The following quotes,
 hand-picked from his sole aNAda release, "The Happiest Canadian Who Loves 
 Everyone," demonstrate his classic angst:

        --"Fuck that."
        --"Go fuck yourselves."
        --"You don't have a reason to complain."
        --"If you feel differently, FUCK OFF ASSHOLE."
        --"It's people like you that help make the world as shitty as it is
           by your whining and bitching."
        --"Wake the fuck up."
        --"You type of people make me sick."
        --"It's all bullshit."

	Now, if any of the readers out there DO NOT UNDERSTAND WHY DEVON
 *HAD* TO DIE, you best stop reading now, or we'll be tracking you down and
 tacking your obituary up on the next release.  Stupidity is not going to get
 aNAda anywhere.  Nor is simply kicking out the staff that scars us.  The
 only way to justify *ANY* lame releases is to *KILL OFF* the source of it.
 Then aNAda remains clean, polished, and unscathed, and will continue its
 march to the top of the text file scene, trampling everyone and everything
 in its path.

	With all that said, and this being an obituary and all, I suppose
 that it's only appropriate to throw in a bit of the conventional element and
 explain how Devon met his destined end.  The staff of aNAda gang raped him,
 dropped him via helicopter into a racing herd of mad cows, then proceeded to
 chain him to a tree and poke him incessantly with wooden chopsticks.  Thus,
 it was not us that he should be bitter to about dying, but the essence and
 the tools of the world that he so passionately hated.


 AHHHHHHHH   Mutter    HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 AHHHHHHHH   by Alek   HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

        "MUTTER was born in St. Paul Minnesota, in 1896, attended Princeton 
 University, and published his first novel, This Side of Paradise, in 1920.  
 That same year he married Zelda Sayre and the couple divided their time 
 between New York, Paris, and the Riviera, becoming part of the American 
 expatriate circle that included Gertrude Stein, Ernest Hemingway, and John 
 Dos Passos.  Mutter was a major new literary voice, and his masterpieces 
 include The Beautiful and the Damned, The Great Gatsby, and Tender Is the 
 Night.  He died of a heart attack in 1940 at the age for fourty-four, while 
 working on The Love of the Last Tycoon.  For his sharp social insight and 
 breathtaking lyricism, Mutter stands out as one of the most important 
 American writers of the twentieth century."


 AHHHHHHH   Seaya         HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 AHHHHHHH   by TanAdept   HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

        Assistant editor, Leah Marcus, of Dragon Magazine was a great
 contributor to the publishing industry, with distinguished writing and
 proofing efforts both in print and online.

        Ms. Marcus, 28, of Brooklyn, passed away April 27 at Our Lady of
 Placebo hospital following being brutally stabbed by an unnamed Manhattan
 mugger.

        Ms. Marcus was known in the electronic community as Seaya, spirit, or
 Miss Modular, and contributed to e-zines including HOE, aNAda, 251, and
 Alamar.

        Her online career was not without its challenges, however.  Her
 biting wit and unwillingness to back down in the face of argument was
 sometimes met with hostility by her colleagues.

        Despite this occasional conflict, many members of online fora,
 including Obloid Sphere (utrp://obloidsphere.web.neb:427/boar) regular,
 Neo-//\/\\age, had glowing things to say about her.

        Neo-//\/\\age, writer for SPLOTCH and <> said, "[Leah] was cool and
 stuff.  She helped me a lot when I was getting started.  She taught me
 about how I should be nonviolent and that I should burn men because they
 have too many corneas.  Once, I watched _Sex With Cat People_ with her."
 He also added, "I like walking on pillows."

        Ms. Marcus' education came from Georgetown University, where she
 graduated with a BA.  After leaving school, she became involved with the
 print publishing industry at Annalog Magazine and Asimov Magazine.
 From there, she worked her way up to higher positions, and eventually
 accepted a position with TSR/Hasbro/WotC/AOL/Amazon's Dragon Magazine.

        "She was the kind of person who liked petting cats," said Bulbasaur,
 writer for Lamprey Days.  "She thought nothing of hopping a fence onto
 the highway, knocking on car or truck windows and asking how a family or
 trucker was enjoying Route 251."

        Ms. Marcus is survived by her cat, Annatwo.

        A memorial service for friends and admirers is planned for 2:51 pm on
 Saturday at the V.F.W. hall, 503 Sheryl Lane, Queens.


 AHHHHHHH   Uberfizzgig   HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 AHHHHHHH   by Jason      HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

        Today the religious leader known as the Most Holy and Blessed
 Uberfizzgig "shrugged off his mortal coils to rejoin his Heavenly Family" as
 quoted by one of his worshippers, the Grand Fizz.  The enigmatic Uberfizzgig
 arose to prominence as head of the cult called the "Fizz."  Although the
 tenets of Fizzian philosophy are unknown to outsiders, the adherents
 followed him with blind fanaticism.  Estimates of the number of members in
 his cult range into the low teens, and his influence reaches as far as
 fifteen feet from him.  Many have vowed not to eat or sleep until
 Uberfizzgig returns to Earth to reign as supreme ruler and burn the
 infidels.  His worshippers have stated that they will not leave the presence
 of his body until he returns to life.  They have claimed that his
 resurrection is an inevitable certainty, since his life and even death
 precisely match prophecy.

        He was reported to have died by tripping over a small dog and
 consequently choking on his burrito.
        

 AHHHHHHH   Phairgirl and Effy   HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 AHHHHHHH   by Effy              HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

	"HEADLINE!  MURDER!  PHAIRGIRL KILLED!  DESPERATE SHOOTING!  DUBUQUE
 HILL!"

	It all started when Phairgirl won the lottery!  Then she bought 
 3,579,251,5049 rolls of duct tape and a team of FBI-trained dogs!  Then she 
 hunted down Kevin Moore!!#@@#!

	She found him in the shade of a road sign in New Mexico, and duct
 taped him to her back, naturally.

	"I had no idea what happened at first.  I was on a beach twenty yards
 from the road side at six AM.  I saw my perpetrator coming towards me with
 duct tape, and I was more confused than scared.  Then I saw the look on her
 face, and dialed 911 on my cell phone, but realized the number had been
 changed to 3, but by then it was too late and she had hit me over the head
 with my Kurzweil 2000," said Kevin Moore.

	Then Phairgirl took him back to Dubuque, and made him be her friend!
 And what great friends they were!!!  They wore matching space dye vests and
 ate Doritos together!  The whole time though, Kevin Moore remained duct
 taped to Phairgirl's back!  They slept, breathed, bathed, ate, listened to
 music, and chatted on irc together!

	Well, Phairgirl's other friend, Effy, didn't like that much!  Effy
 was jealous, insanely jealous!!@#!@!

	This excerpt was found in Effy's journal:

	"I am sooooo jealous.  "I wanted Kevin Moore for myself, but I was
 afraid if I duct taped  him to my back, I would develop a hunch!  I should
 have known that it was worth it!  Phairgirl knows it is worth a hunch if she
 gets one!  I'm so pissed because she is smarter than I am!  So I have to
 kill her and steal Kevin Moore... I HAVE TO!!!  She would do the same to me,
 I know it!"

	Effy followed Phairgirl and Kevin secretly one day to Dubuque Hill,
 where they were having a picnic.  She had taken a shotgun out of the trunk
 of her car.  Phairgirl and Kevin were feeding Doritos to a fucking mouse!
 Effy jumped out of the bushes and fired the shotgun insanely.  The bullets
 missed Phairgirl and hit Kevin, but they bounced off the countless layers of
 duct tape covering his body, and he remained unscathed.  However, they
 loosened the grip of the tape, and he was able to pry himself off
 Phairgirl's back.  He walked up to Effy and stood before her.  Effy froze,
 dumbfounded, amazed, and entranced by his presence.  He took the shotgun
 from her.

        He then capped her and Phairgirl.

        "Fuckin' stalkers... at least I got home for the late show," Kevin
 remarked afterwards.


 AHHHHHHH   Alek       HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 AHHHHHHH   by Seaya   HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

             Nathan J. "Alek" Silva (July 2, 1980 - July 2, 2000)
             -----------------------------------------------<---@

        Nathan James Silva, known to friends as "Alek," died on his 20th
 birthday on the mean streets of New Bedford, MA.

        He was chewing gum and walking along when a cat ran between his legs
 and tripped him over causing him to fall into a mud puddle and choke on the
 piece of gum.

        It is said in the Bible that righteous people die on their birthday. 
 Unfortunately, logic dictates that just because A->B doesn't mean that B->A. 
 This means that the Universe dealt Alek a meaningless freak accident that 
 took his life on his 20th birthday in his home town.

        Alek leaves behind a working class New Bedford family, 3 computers, a
 jump rope, and a greasy stain.


 AHHHHHHH   TanAdept                      HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 AHHHHHHH   by Anna, as told to Oregano   HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

        Meow.  

        Hi, I am Anna.  Meow.

        When I say "meow" that means "hi."

        Meow = hi.

        Meow.

        I am a cat.  G0ff's cat.  You people called him TanAdept or any of a
 thousand different Pokemon or other Japanese names, to me he is G0ff.
 Anyway... Phairgirl asked me to talk a little and I will.  I should note
 first off that I am orange.  I am the color of cheese.  Good cheese.  Yummy
 cheese.  I am prettier than cheese.  mmmmmcheese.  I do like cheese.  I am
 well behaved, I have never bitten Colleen, though she deserves it, no matter
 how many times people rub my fur the wrong way.

        Pardon me, I need to lick myself.  Mmmm *lick* clean, yes, clean fur
 *lick* *lick*.  Just a little more then I can continue.  Yes, hold on,
 *lick* *lick*, yes, that is better, I am ready.  Oregano, turn on the tape
 machine.  It is on already?  Okay I'll keep talking.  Meow.

        Where was I?  Ahh, yes, Phairgirl asked me to tell you how TanAdept
 died.  How G0ff died.  I'll call him G0ff, call him TanAdept in your head,
 you never knew him.  No, not you, oregano, I know you knew him, I mean the
 reader, silly reader.  You could be scratching a post right now instead of
 reading, silly. Anyway I am Anna and I am orange and I am a cat.

        G0ff was acting a little weird.  Which for him means he was acting
 normal.  Normal for G0ff seems weird to most people and weird to G0ff seems
 normal to most people.  He was acting weird.  He cut his hair.  He always
 had long hair but he cut his hair.  Even weirder is he had his new, shorter
 hair styled, like regular people do, only this was G0ff.  He even used hair
 gel to keep it all in place!

        He started to wear business suits.  He runs a giant computer, he is
 in charge of keeping the giant computer alive, that is his job and no one at
 work wears a suit, and they pretty much expect G0ff to wear torn jeans and a
 t-shirt and here G0ff started to wear suits!

        But not just his appearance changed, no, he started to watch TV.  Not
 just Pokemon and Iron Chef.  He started to watch Everyone Loves Raymond and
 Judging Amy and Who Wants to Be A Millionaire.  Something was too wrong!  My
 G0ff, what happened?

        And then I found out, but hold on a second.  Let me go use the
 sandbox.  Hold right there, don't come any closer.  Let me go in private.
 AHhhhhhh.  *scratch* *snuffle* *churrn*  all covered up.  Yes.  Nice and
 neat.  Ahh, all clean.  Okay, where was I?

        I heard G0ff on the phone and it was with a female and when he got
 off I realized it was not just any girl, it was the rarest of rare
 species... a Hot Chick!  G0ff was all change-y for a Hot Chick.  Now G0ff
 always talked about Hot Chicks, but it was all talk and then one day he
 brings her home and she is really pretty, like from the cover of Vogue.  Not
 even Cosmo pretty, no, no, she was Vogue pretty.  She was a Hot Chick.

        Our first meeting went bad.  She did not like cats.  She really hated
 cats.  She double, extra, really, top-of-the-barrel disliked, despised, did
 not like cats.  G0ff thought it was a phase, that she would grow to love me,
 she would learn to like me.  I was 14, at the time, I could have been her
 mother, in cat years.  But she really did not like me.  But Hot Chicks are
 crafty and instead of saying she did not like me to G0ff, she planned little
 things to make him not want me around.

        G0ff was allergic to me already, but he still kept me around, but the
 Hot Chick got extra dander from other cats, more allergy-producing cats and
 put it around the apartment and told G0ff he must be getting allergic-er to
 me, Anna, a cat.

        Then she chewed up G0ff's Pokemon cards herself.  She got on her
 knees and chewed and chewed his entire collection of Pokemon cards and then
 blamed me.  "See what your cat has done?"  You were going to sell those
 cards for a downpayment on a diamond necklace for me and now Anna has gone
 and ruined them all.  I don't see why you keep her around."

        G0ff was really mad at me and he even raised his voice and I could
 tell he was too far into the spell of the Hot Chick.  She did other things
 too,  like scratch the furniture and bring in cat poop to put under G0ff's
 pillow.  And finally G0ff had had enough and he declared, "Maybe it is time
 i did something about Anna."  And the Hot Chick agreed and they decided that
 I would be sent to kitty heaven.  I could see G0ff did not care for me
 anymore.  And he was too angry; so I did only what I had to do.  I have nine
 lives, and G0ff only has one, so I did what any kittie would do when
 threatened with death.

        Let me pause here since I need some water.  Let me saunter off
 towards the bowl while you stay there, I'll just go at my leisure, just wait
 for me, as I know you'll have to do.  *slurp* mm, tasty water.  *slurp*
 *slurp*  ahh.  Okay, let me saunter back.  Slowly, slowly.  Now here is how
 I killed G0ff to save my own life.

        The actual death was not so spectacular as what lead up to it, but
 since I am pretty much afraid of water, at least to swim in, it shows my
 bravery and how I got away wth it.

        G0ff was talking a bubble bath, he loved to play with the bubbles in
 the tub after a long week of keeping a giant computer running and ship-
 shape.  And it was simple, I jumped up on the side of the tub and I looked
 G0ff in the eyes, and gave him my evil cat stare --  all cats know how to do
 that -- then I jumped on his shoulders and held him underwater till he could
 breathe no more and then I jumped back up, I was all wet and uncomfy, but I
 dried and licked myself clean.

        Just try to prove it, see what court would convict a cute little
 kitten like me.  I was sent away to Iowa to live with Ami, Taylor, Matilda
 and Mia in Phairgirl's home, it was all set in the will.  And poor G0ff,
 I'll remember him well, except for those last few months when the Hot Chick
 stole his heart.

        Never try to outwit a cat.


 AHHHHHHH   Big Daddy Bill      HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 AHHHHHHH   by Big Daddy Bill   HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

 sorry, I refuse to participate in any cliche, half-assed idea that some
 lame, half-assed person can come up with. when something intelligent is
 thought of, gimmie a ring. :0)


 AHHHHHHH   Jason          HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 AHHHHHHH   by Phairgirl   HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

        One of the newer, yet more prolific aNAda writers, Jason, was killed
 early Saturday by a giant stack of hate mail.

        Jason, brought to the aNAda scene via a vicious dig through the
 Geocities SoHo neighborhood by Phairgirl, had only recently begun to unleash
 his endless ranting upon the world when the backlash he had been ignoring
 finally came to crush him in one final blow.

        It was monstrocities such as these that did him in:


 From: Bob [bobl@giantsfan.com]
 Sent: Sunday, July 09, 2000 10:52 PM
 To: anada@anada.net
 Subject: issue #095

 ahem... Issue 95 has a passage reading as follows. It is fatally flawed. I
 will demonstrate why.

 "the average kilowatt hour (kWh) consumed creates 1.4 lbs. of carbon dioxide
 in burned fossil fuels.  According to http://drivingthefuture.com/97pct.html
 the writer's car uses about 4 miles per kWh.  What's that add up to?  Over
 one and a half pounds of carbon dioxide per mile!"

 First of all, the link given is incorrect, it's .htm not .html. Using .html
 just routs one to the main site.

 Secondly, at http://drvingthefuture.com/97pct.htm, the following is stated

 "My EV 'mileage' of 4 miles/kW-hr, referenced to the AC socket, is for the
 EV1, and may be optimistic for larger EVs"

 It seems that a car gets 4 miles per kWh. Jason's analysis is dependant on a
 car using 4 kWh per mile. A 16-fold difference. This utterly destroys his
 analysis, as it means that an EV would produce roughly 1/10 lb of CO2 per
 mile, not 15/10 as he states.

 But it really doesn't matter because like it or not we're not going to have
 power plants using gas in 50 years as gas will be as costly as gold. Natural
 gas, perhaps, which is quite clean, but not liquid petroleum (with the
 exception, perhaps, of liquefied natural gas).

 respectfully,
 Bob


 From: jamie prewitt [j.a.prewitt@worldnet.att.net]
 Sent: Sunday, June 04, 2000 1:26 AM
 To: anada@anada.net
 Subject: to jasonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn

 to jason , so you are a genius ...
 it dont matter to jesus ,,,,,,,,,,, if it
 came down to life and death ,would your genius
 save you ??????????? what if i was physically
 stronger and belted you in the melon 10 times
 and then fucked you in the ass???? what would
 you do????
 read a book and translate the meaning to a
 real genius , you see son ,you have never seen
 one...............


        In fact, one of the last things heard from Jason was after he heard
 about the aNAda voicemail message left in his honor:

        "OMIGOD!! POSITIVE FEEDBACK! I need to get something to drink to calm
 my nerves."

        Jason may be dead, but he still has approximately 2,515,049 files in
 queue, and memories of him will live on.


 AHHHHHHH   Oregano   HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 AHHHHHHH   by Effy   HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

	Friday, July 7th, 2000--The tragic death of a local Anada 'zine
 writer has left us shocked, greatly disturbed, and scrounging for answers.

	Oregano was found dead and rotting early this morning outside a local
 delicatessen.  It appears that he had allegedly choked to death on a 
 bread-like substance.  Investigators are making the current assumption that 
 he had choked on an egg bagel, due to the freshly opened bakery bag lying in 
 his cold, limp hand.  There were no apparent signs of foul play, but police 
 have not yet ruled that out as an option.

	"It is possible that somebody, quite possibly a baker, had slipped
 extra eggs into the batter, thus creating a much stickier bagel; the
 intention of the baker being to cause somebody (Oregano quite possibly the
 prime target) to choke on the bagel," said an investigator currently on the
 case.  "Everyone knows how much Oregano loved egg bagels.  He could eat one
 faster than anyone anybody knew.  It is quite likely that if foul play was
 involved in this tragedy, Oregano was the sole target.  I only wish we knew
 why."

	"Oregano would NEVER choke on a bagel," said a close, anonymous
 friend.  "We have been having bagel eating contests for YEARS.  He could
 down a baker's dozen in half a minute without anything to wash it down
 with!"

	This comment furthers the police department's suspicion that someone
 was out to "get" Oregano.  Authorities will be questioning other local 'zine
 writers as well.  Oregano had no known enemies, but it is possible that a 
 jealous 'zine writer had planted the excess egg product in the bagels in a 
 fit of envious rage due to Oregano's uniquely delightful writing style.

	Oregano is survived by the following text files:

	"Jessie and the Bunny"-http://www.hoe.nu/text/hoe-0567.txt
	"The Night I Killed Eilien"-http://www.hoe.nu/text/hoe-0594.txt
	"The Picnic Channel"-http://www.hoe.nu/text/hoe-0616.txt
	"The Death Of Mogel"-http://www.hoe.nu/text/hoe-0662.txt
	"The Final Class Project"-http://www.hoe.nu/text/hoe-0720.txt
	"Switching Gears"-http://www.hoe.nu/text/hoe-0830.txt
	"Maining Trip"-http://www.hoe.nu/text/hoe-0880.txt
	"Champaign Revisited"-http://www.hoe.nu/text/hoe-0910.txt
	"Oldschool Christmas Anarchy"-http://www.hoe.nu/text/hoe-1012.txt
	"Calling God"-http://www.anada.net/text/anada018.txt
	"Brainstorming"-http://www.anada.net/text/anada076.txt
	"blah blah Math blah blah blah"
                                      -http://www.anada.net/text/anada086.txt

	Funeral services are currently postponed due to the shock and
 confusion of family and friends.  However, here are some kind words about
 Oregano from friends:

	"He was good to talk with, and always greeting people.  Now we must
 say goodbye." --Kaia

	"Oregano always managed to be a pleasant presence, though I hope in
 death he discovers that Jupiter indeed does have more than four moons and
 that Kansas City is a public transportation void." --Soybean

	"I hope he can get Satan's name right when he burning in hell."
 --Bosplaya

	"Oregano was a simple man.  I will miss him.  Fart." --Mogel

	"Ohhh... How deliciously shocking!  How gently disturbing!"
 --SnuffyXI

	"I always liked Oregano, but I like cheeseburgers and cherry coke
 much better." --Alek

	"So much for the garlic bread cookbook." --Lach

	"I'll never forget how passionate he was about food." --Basehead

	"Oregano was a good friend.  A good, big friend.  He protected me
 against mean men with phones coming out of their asses." --Jamesy

	"Well, at least he died.  But hey, check it; we got IRC logs.  He'll
 live on forever in the logs of a half dead channel." --Kaotik

	"I never shipped his aNAda CD before he was gone... this package will
 haunt me forever.  DAMN ME AND MY LAZINESS, DAMN ME TO HELL." --Phairgirl

	"This fatal tragedy will be talked about for years." --James LaBrie

	"That is very sad. I ate at McDonalds with him during Bagfest '97." 
 --SwissPope

	"I am very sad.  I better go to McDonalds and get a milkshake."
 --Aster

	"And with him, dies the last person to have attended every Bagfest." 
 --TanAdept

	"Who is Oregano?" --Laja


 AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

 A   (c)2000 aNAda e'zine   HHHHH   aNAda100   HHHHH   by the aNAda Staff   H

 AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
