 ............................................................................
 ......::::..|...###.....###...###...###.....#######.....###......;;;;.......
 .....::::..-*-...###.....###..%##....###.....##..%##.....###....;;;;;;......
 ....::::....|...##.##....#####%##...##.##....##...%##...##.##..;;;;;;;;.....
 .....::::......#######...##.#####..#######...##...%##..#######..;;;;;;......
 ......::::....###...###..##...###.###...###..##..%##..###...###..;;####.....
 .............###.....######...%#####.....###############.....###..###.##....
 *****###****###***********************************************###**#**##****
     ## ##  ###    I S S U E   # 0 6 0        0 5 - 1 3 - 0 0   ###  ####   
    ###  # ###                                                   #######    
    ####  ###       "100 Songs I Never Get Sick of Hearing"        ###       
     #######                    by Phairgirl                
      ####                                                                  

	You know what I'm talking about.  It's the kind of song that no
 matter when you hear it, you have the urge to sing along at the top of your
 lungs, turn the radio up farther than you should, and dance around (or bop
 around in your car like a freak).  They cause people to look at you like
 you're on drugs, and they cause you to have a spazz attack if anyone tries
 to turn it off.  It's one of those songs that you swear you will never, ever
 get sick of hearing.

	VH1 expects people to narrow it down to three.  I had a difficult
 time, but I narrowed it down to 100.  I know I must have forgot some that
 would knock some others off the list, but this was a spur-of-the-moment
 compilation.  Anyway... Here they are, in NO PARTICULAR ORDER, because
 ordering them somehow would be futile:


 1. Thin Lizzy: The Cowboy Song

 Lyric sample: "Roll me over and turn me around
	        Let me keep spinning till I hit the ground
	        Roll me over and let me go
	        Running free with the buffalo"

	Thin Lizzy is so damn underappreciated.  They were cool in many ways,
 such as being a hard rock band with a black lead singer and being the first
 to use double lead guitars.  Originally, I had this song and "Jailbreak" on
 the list, but in the end, "The Cowboy Song" gets me more excited.  The main
 riff is catchy as hell.  It's easy to overlook it as a classic rock radio
 staple to play between Zeppelin and the Stones or what not.  Ahhh well.  If
 nothing else, I of all people won't overlook Thin Lizzy.


 2. The Who: Baba O Riley

 Lyric sample: "Don't cry,
	        Don't raise your eye,
		It's only teenage wasteland."

	I played this song for my sister yesterday, and she told me she had
 never heard it before.  It made me want to cry.  First off, the intro was
 used for A Bug's Life or Antz or one of those movies, so I was ecstatic to
 hear it on commercials all the time.  Second off, I figured most angsty kids
 would know the ending chorus of "TEENAGE WASTELAAAAND," which certainly made
 ME smile back in the day.  But alas.
 

 3. The Kinks: Lola

 Lyric Sample: "Well I'm not dumb but I can't understand
		Why she walked like a woman but talked like a man
		Oh Lola, Lo-lo-lo-lo-Lola"

	I find myself singing this song all the time.  Kiddies, if you don't
 recognize it, Weird Al did a parody of it called "Yoda."  It's the first
 mainstream song to address transvestitism.  It's cute and addictive, and
 when I type out the lyrics to it mindlessly at work, people walking by read
 them and think that I am insane.  Or maybe just a transvestite, I don't
 know.


 4. Aaliyah: Are You That Somebody

 Lyric sample: "Is it my go, is it your go
		Sometimes I'm goody-goody
		Right now I'm naughty naughty"

	This song is easily recognized by its cute little baby gurgle loop
 and from being featured in the film _Dr. Doolittle_.  Most people turn to me
 and say, hey, you don't like R&B.  That's right, I don't, except I have all
 of Aaliyah's CDs.  And this song didn't sound like everything else that was
 out at the time (however it has been heavily copied since).  I don't think
 Aaliyah gets credited with being the most frequently ripped off innovator in
 R&B music.  Shoot everyone else, this song rules.


 5. Tool: Eulogy

 Lyric sample: "He had a lot to say.
		He had a lot of nothing to say.
		We'll miss him."

	I had been told that this song was written for Kurt Cobain.  Knowing
 that, I wanted to totally hate the song, because I have this problem with
 people exploiting the deaths of others for their own personal profit,
 especially someone so selfish that they thought their life was so terrible
 that they had to kill themselves and leave their baby without a dad.
 ANYWAY.  This is my favorite Tool song.  It kicks ass.  It makes you want to
 MOSH.  SLAM DANCE.  BE ANGRY AND PUNCH PEOPLE.  Hooray!


 6. Dario G: Sunchyme

 Lyric sample: "Hey ma ma ma ma"

	I was pretty upset when I heard this song recently used as an
 advertisement for Claritin or Allegra or some other allergy medication.  The
 song is pretty much just a loop of "Life in a Northern Town," which is a
 great song in its own right.  However, something about this cover/remake/
 whatever just makes you want to look up in the sky, smile at the sun, and
 say, yeah, everything is going to be alright forever and ever.

 7. Led Zeppelin: Kashmir

 Lyric sample: "Talk and song from tongues of lilting grace
		Whose sounds caress my ear
		But not a word I heard could I relate
		The story was quite clear"

	Oh come now.  How can you NOT fall in love with that wonderfully
 haunting bowed guitar technique?  The song is mystical and magical, much
 like Kashmir itself.  This song takes you places.  It will get glued in your
 head for years on end.  It's wonderful to listen to looped 8 times in a row
 on a bus ride before finally skipping ahead to the next song.  Yum.

 8. Blind Melon: Galaxie

 Lyric sample: "can i do the things i wanna do 
		that i don't do because of you 
		and i'll take a left then i'll second guess into a total
                   mess"

	Look, more dead people!  Actually, I hated Blind Melon for years,
 because I only had their first album and IT SUCKED.  However, one of my dear
 friends (thank you Kip) introduced me to the album _Soup_ and forced me to
 listen to it endlessly... and now it's easily one of my favorite albums
 ever.  "Galaxie" has all kinds of weird rhythm changes and odd harmonies and
 hippie fun.  It's utterly disturbing.  I could listen to it all day.


 9. Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers: Into the Great Wide Open

 Lyric sample: "Eddie waited til he finished high school
		He went to Hollywood, got a tattoo
		He met a girl out there with a tattoo too
		The future was wide open"

	Kind of a cheesy story-song about a guy who gets all famous and then
 gets non-famous, with a kickass video featuring Johnny Depp, this song can't
 lose.  It has the distinction of sounding like very little else, which
 either makes it ROCK or SUCK.  This song rocks.  The whole song fills you
 with this kind of... pity... and makes you feel good about your sucky life.
 It puts me in a weird trance.


 10. Chroma Key: Blanket

 Lyric sample: "Close your eyes, 
		think of the Best Thing To Say. 
		iampathetically lost 
		and maybe you made me this way."

	I'm not good at narrowing down Chroma Key songs that I adore.
 However, as people have pointed out to me (Tanya), I am apeshit over this
 song.  At one point, I DEMANDED that people listen to it.  It's probably the
 most disturbing song I own, with the exception of other Chroma Key songs.
 It's a strange hybrid of guitar and MESS.  It's just a mess.  It's noisy and
 chaotic and depressing and beautiful.  It's also easily one of my favorite
 songs of all time.  I could never, EVER get sick of this song, I don't care
 if I had to hear it on repeat sped up 3x speed for 8 years straight.


 11. Phil Collins: In The Air Tonight

 Lyric sample: "But I know the reason why you keep your silence up, no you
                   don't fool me
		The hurt doesn't show; but the pain still grows
		It's no stranger to you or me"

	For a while, every time I was in the car with my friend Steve, no
 matter whose car it was, this song never failed to come on, and we never
 failed to crank it up and sing along.  It's one seriously fucked up song.
 How it ever got popular is beyond me, but it's trippy and amazing.  I don't
 care how lame Phil Collins is, this song rocks.


 12. Def Leppard: Pour Some Sugar On Me

 Lyric sample: "You got the peaches, I got the cream 
		Sweet to taste saccharine 
		'Cos I'm hot, so hot, sticky sweet 
		From my head, my head to my feet"

	I remember buying this CD at Wal-Mart many moons ago and playing it
 at full volume from my friends' car stereo while cruising around town at
 about 5:30am screaming the lyrics.  I've heard this song more times than
 I've probably ever heard my NAME.  And I still don't know half the words or
 what the hell that song is supposed to mean.  Songs like that are only
 classics.


 13. Soundgarden: Outshined

 Lyric sample: "I just looked in the mirror, things aren't looking so good
		I'm looking California and feeling Minnesota"

	The Impenetrable Riff From Hell.  Honestly, what other riff was ever
 so heavy and catchy and incredible all at once AND WRITTEN IN 7/4?!?  I
 swear, if this song should ever get overlooked as one of the greatest
 mainstream songs with fantastic composition, I will have to run around
 gatting people down.  It gives me the butterflies.


 14. Alice in Chains: Man in the Box

 Lyric sample: "Feed my eyes, can we sew them shut?
		Jesus Christ, deny your maker
		He who cries, will be wasted
		Feed my eyes, now we've sewn them shut"

	Well, it's good to hear that Layne Staley isn't shooting heroin into
 his hands and feet anymore.  But, then again, if heroin was what wrote "Man
 in the Box," well all I have to say is, want a syringe?  But seriously, this
 song rocks all.  It had a scaryass video.  It represented the side of
 Seattle that didn't sit around sipping mocha lattes.  It killed hair metal
 for good.  It's ear gold.


 15. Crosby Stills and Nash: Southern Cross

 Lyric sample: "So I'm sailing for tomorrow, my dreams are a dyin' 
		And my love is an anchor tied to you, tied with a silver
                   chain
		I have my ship and all her flags are a flyin'
		She is all that I have left and music is her name"

	I'm not sure how to describe how good this song is except for to say,
 yeah, look at the geniuses that wrote it.  It's another one of those songs
 that is sickeningly catchy but without being froofroo-ey pop crap.  It's
 just a DAMN GOOD SONG.  Listen to it many times.


 16. Danzig: Cantspeak

 Lyric sample: "can't think
		can't dream
		don't care if i live or die"

	This song is so damn real.  The lyrics are truth.  The music matches
 emotions.  Put it all together and you get a haunting look of what it means
 to honestly, seriously contemplate suicide.  Not any of this whiney teenager
 my-life-sucks angsty bullshit here--this is brutal, hard stuff.  But the
 best part is, it's a GOOD SONG that warrants many, many listens.


 17. White Zombie: Thunderkiss '65

 Lyric sample: "well sweet little sista's high in hell cheat'n on a halo
		grind in a odyssey holocaust heart kick on tomorrow"

	Wow, a metal song that you can dance to.  I personally find White
 Zombie to be one of the killers of hair metal bands without replacing it
 with whiney angst.  Rob Zombie is just a scary looking guy.  He writes some
 abominably catchy tunes that make you forget Grandma is in the room and you
 shouldn't be mumbling those words around her or she'll have a stroke.  This
 song makes me want to grind it up with a razor and snort it up my nose.


 18. U2: With Or Without You

 Lyric sample: "My hands are tied
                My body bruised, she's got me with
                Nothing to win and
                Nothing left to lose"

        I hated this damn song for ages and ages.  And then, one day, I was
 just kinda like, yeah... brilliant.  Brilliant fucking song.  I know this
 one rates very high on a lot of people's lists for greatest songs ever, and
 rightfully so.  Bono's being a whiney bitch aside, there is much room for
 love and respect of a song this amazing.


 19. Dream Theater: Lie

 Lyric sample: "I had gotten used to being a soul destroyed
		She comes in apparently to fill the void
		All dogs need a leash and at least I'll forget it
		She would never hurt me though she's never said it"

	For everyone who has ever been blatantly lied to in a relationship...
 this song will make you feel vindicated.  People suck.  Just, plain, out and
 out, PEOPLE FUCKING SUCK.  And even though a goodly chunk of the _Awake_
 album takes that theme to extremes, not many of the songs will stay with you
 and make you head straight for it like "Lie."  Forgive their music videos,
 they no not what they do, but marry this song.  MARRY IT.


 20. K's Choice: Not An Addict

 Lyric sample: "We're so creative, so much more
		We're high above but on the floor"

	I remember the first time I heard this song, and how it took me over
 a month to find out who it was.  And I remember hanging around with a chick
 who ingested every drug imaginable on a regular basis and how she screamed
 that this was HER SONG.  Ahhh, amusement.  But still, I adored the song.
 And the girl and I would sing it at the tops of our lungs and lay out in the
 parking lot outside of work and just talk and be happy.  I could listen to
 it a thousand more times.


 21. Stabbing Westward: Shame

 Lyric sample: "I pray for someone to ache for me the way I ache for you
		If you ignore that I'm alive I have nothing to cling to"

	First off, it was hard to narrow down a particular Stabbing Westward
 song that I could never get sick of hearing, because usually I'd just grab a
 CD and listen to it nonstop until I got sick of it.  But then I realized, I
 was always super happy to hear "Shame."  And the video kicked so much ass,
 and there's quiet and ANGST and depression and elation and loud and soft and
 guitar and techno.  It's got it all.


 22. Pink Floyd: Wish You Were Here

 Lyric sample: "How I wish, how I wish you were here. 
		We're just two lost souls 
		Swimming in a fish bowl, 
		Year after year"

	Oooh, this is one of my all-time favorite songs.  It brings back many
 memories all over the place.  It's the trademark Pink Floyd airy lofty
 trippiness combined with a harsh realism that takes the Floydian staple to a
 new level.  Actually, the whole album played straight through could be
 defined as something I would never get sick of hearing, but that's mostly so
 that I can hear this song.


 23. Drivin N Cryin: Fly Me Courageous

 Lyric sample: "Murder America is brandishing her weapons
		She keeps me safe and warm by threats and misconceptions"

	Hmmm.  This song just rocks.  It has a driving, kickass beat.  I
 don't know, I very rarely get to hear this song, since I seem to keep losing
 it on eBay all the time.  I don't remember how I first fell in love with
 this song, I was a freshman in high school and all, but this Hot Guy named
 Mark really liked Drivin N Cryin, so it only made me more interested in the
 band.  I have no idea where Mark is today, but if he's out there, maybe
 he'll send me his DNC disc.  Yeah, sure.


 24. INXS: Need You Tonight

 Lyric sample: "So slide over here and give me a moment
		Your moves are so raw, I've got to let you know"

	Drool, man, Michael Hutchence was such a mad hottie before he died.
 Wow, this list certainly is overtaken by the dead, so it seems.  But all
 corpses aside, I don't think it's humanly possible for me to listen to this
 song any lower than eardrum rupture level.  It's so damn sexy without
 getting trashy (okay, it gets trashy, I don't care).  Hutchence purrs like a
 kitten.  The music is unlike anything else, and everyone knows the song.
 Rock.


 25. Eurythmics: Sweet Dreams (Are Made Of This)

 Lyric sample: "Some of them want to use you,
		Some of them want to get used by you,
		Some of them want to abuse you,
		Some of them want to be abused."

	You know, there aren't many lyrics to this song at all, and Marilyn
 Manson ruined the song entirely.  But the original song is downright
 frightening and wonderful and kept me transfixed when I was a kid.  What,
 maybe twelve people in this world don't think this song kicks ass.  It's
 badass.


 26. Gary Numan: Cars

 Lyric sample: "Here in my car
		I feel safest of all
		I can lock all my doors
		It's the only way to live
		In cars"

	I've mentioned several times that I would give up everything from the
 1980s as long as I could have this song playing constantly for the rest of
 eternity.  Gary Numan was like the wussiest and scariest guy on MTV back in
 the day.  The melody is so damn haunting and beautiful and synthed to the
 max.  This song would be in the top 5 if I put these in some kind of order.
 Long live cars.


 27. Siouxsie and the Banshees: Peek-A-Boo

 Lyric sample: "Strobe lights pump and flicker 
		Dry lips crack out for more 
		`Come bite on this rag doll, baby! 
		That's right, now hit the floor'"

	Holy crap, Siouxsie Sioux scared the living CRAP out of me as a kid,
 but for some reason, I felt the need to keep listening to this song and
 singing it nonstop and driving myself insane.  So years later, when
 stumbling aimlessly around a record store and finding their singles
 collection, I had to pick it up.  What resulted was forcing everyone I know
 to listen to this song at extremely high levels in extremely large doses.
 Jeepers creepers!


 28. Foo Fighters: Everlong

 Lyric sample: "And I wonder
		When I sing along with you
		If everything could ever be this real forever
		If everything will ever be this good again"

	There is a superfantastic driving beat in this song that makes it
 feel like it's a lot shorter than it really is.  I honestly cannot say how
 many times I've listened to this song, the count is insane (it's even better
 to just play the song before it, "February Stars," and "Everlong"
 continuously on loop for hours on end, try it!) and just talking about it
 makes me want to hear it RIGHT NOW.


 29. Lita Ford and Ozzy Osbourne: Close My Eyes Forever

 Lyric sample: "I know I've been so hard on you
		I know I've told you lies
		If I could have just one more wish
		I'd wipe the cobwebs from my eyes"

	What is it about people from the 80s that always scared me so much?
 I think it was the drugs.  Definitely, it HAD to be.  I loved this song SO
 MUCH, but Ozzy scared the crap out of me.  Granted, Ozzy's pretty good at
 being intentionally scary as hell, but paired up with Lita Ford, he just
 seemed all the scarier.  But wow, this song is still fabulous for so many
 reasons and proves that no matter how drunk and stoned you are, you can
 still make an incredible song.


 30. Nine Inch Nails: Physical

 Lyric sample: "I want you hard in my arms
		So soft on my bed
		You get the keys to my heart
		When you wear that sweet dress"

	Before I get too detailed, I'll mention that I love Adam and the
 Ants, and yes I know this is a cover song.  But honestly, it's probably one
 of my favorite cover songs of all time, because Trent Reznor brings that
 evil S&M element into it and turns it upside down.  I would also venture to
 say it's my favorite NIN song, which is funny, being that it's a cover tune,
 and track 98 at that.  Ahhh well.  It rules!


 31. Garbage: #1 Crush

 Lyric sample: "I would die for you
		I would die for you
		I would sell my soul for something pure and true
		Someone like you"

	This song can not be truly appreciated until played in a heavily
 macked-out automobile with a million and one speakers in it, at least two of
 those being HARD DRIVEN SUBS.  Wow.  Shirley Manson sounds like such a
 whore, I envy her.  She's one of the three girls that I would want to have
 sex with if I was a lesbian.  This song is amazing.  Why couldn't their
 second album be this cool?


 32. Liz Phair: Stratford-On-Guy

 Lyric sample: "There's an ad on my headphones
		And along with those eyes
		That you get when your circumstance is movie-size"

	This song is such a cacophany of beauty and magic and observance of
 life in what is going on around you, only comparable to Suzanne Vega's
 "Tom's Diner" in terms of scope and introspection.  It's eerie and
 uncomfortable to listen to and to comprehend until it clicks, and once it
 clicks, you can't get enough of it.


 33. Van Halen: Dreams

 Lyric sample: "So baby dry your eyes, save all the tears you've cried
		Ohh that's what dreams are made of"

	Maybe I'm just a sucker for a catchy tune, I don't know.  All I do
 know is that I've loved this song for years and even with all of its sappy
 silliness, it's a great listen.  I remember when a live version was re-
 released, and once again this song crept back into my brain and hasn't left
 since.


 34. Sophie B. Hawkins: Damn I Wish I Was Your Lover

 Lyric sample: "Give me an hour to kiss you
		Walk through heaven's door,
		I'm sure we don't need no doctor to feel much better"

	This song is sooo incredibly sexy and beautiful and fun.  Once, long
 ago, a friend of mine went into rather graphic details interpreting the
 lyrics, and I think it scarred me for life.  Nonetheless, listening to this
 song is like knocking back three shooters and heading for the dance floor.
 Nothing like a song that makes you want to get all sweaty.


 35. Heart: Barracuda

 Lyric sample: "If the real thing don't do the trick
		You better make up something quick
		You gonna burn it out to the wick
		Aren't you, Barracuda?"

        Badass chicks from the '70s.  Really, how can you not appreciate
 that?  Heart rocked HARD, dude.  And this song is like crack, especially
 when you're feeling particularly angsty and vindictive.  Oh, and need I
 mention twice, the Wilson sisters ROCK HARD?


 36. Joan Jett: I Love Rock N Roll

 Lyric sample: "He smiled so I got up and asked for his name
		That don't matter he said 'Cause it's all the same"

        This was my very very first favorite song, back when I wasn't even
 old enough for school.  I suppose it predicted my future, as I now own
 enough CDs to build a small house out of jewel cases.  Joan Jett is a
 MILLION times cooler than Courtney Love will ever hope to be.  Rock 'n'
 roll, baby yeah!


 37. Kansas: Dust in the Wind

 Lyric sample: "Same old song, just a drop of water in an endless sea
		All we do, crumbles to the ground, though we refuse to see"

        Okay, so it's REALLY cliche to say "Oh, Kansas is rad!  I really like
 "Dust in the Wind!"  I once roomed with a girl like that, the kind that only
 liked Pink Floyd for _The Wall_.  But besides all of that, the song is
 pretty and intricate, and my brother certainly finds it easy to turn on and
 listen to on REPEAT when he's sleeping at night.  A lesson to insomniacs
 everywhere.
        

 38. Jethro Tull: Hymn 43

 Lyric sample: "And the unsung Western hero killed an Indian or three
		and made his name in Hollywood to set the white man free.
		Oh Jesus save me!"

        Jethro Tull was one of those bands that I thought I hated, but then
 one day I realized that all these cool songs that I knew but didn't know the
 artists were all made by... Jethro Tull.  I took a severe liking to this
 song and I'm not sure why, maybe just because I don't hear it as much as I
 hear Locomotive Breath.


 39. Electric Light Orchestra: Don't Bring Me Down

 Lyric sample: "You're looking good, just like a snake in the grass 
		One of these days you're gonna break your glass"

        I remember the DJ who swore I was on crack when I spent every night
 for a week requesting this song.  People at school thought I was on crack
 when I would punctuate my statements with RRROOOUUSSSSSS.  All in all, ELO
 turned me into a crack addict.  Thanks, ELO!


 40. The Black Crowes: Sometimes Salvation

 Lyric sample: "To lessen my troubles
		I stopped hanging out with relatives
		And empty saviours like you"

        Every time I hear this song, I wish I was a sixty-year-old bluesman
 in the depths of Chicago wailing my eyes out and feeling the pain that I'd
 been done wrong.  It's not just that of course, but I can't help looking
 like a dork when I get really into this song and get all waving my arms
 around Mariah Carey-style.  Frightning, but a-okay.


 41. James Gang: Funk #49

 Lyric sample: "Uh, sleep all day, out all night,
		I know where you're going.
		I don't that's a-acting right,
		You don't think it's showing."

        This spot was battled between James Gang and that song "Black Betty"
 by Ram Jam.  I managed to get them both on one of the soundtracks to _That
 '70s Show_.  The best part about this song is, however, that it has the
 ability to rarely piss off stoned people.  And in my world, that's
 essential.


 42. Nazareth: Hair of the Dog

 Lyric sample: "Heart breaker, soul shaker
		I've been told about you"

        Oooooh, a song that says "SON OF A BITCH!"  This was by far one of my
 favorite albums of my dad's when I was growing up.  Plus, the song just
 plain rocks out.  It irritates me that Grand Funk's "We're an American Band"
 has the exact same intro.  And I don't care WHICH came first, chickens and
 eggs be damned.


 43. Elton John: Rocket Man

 Lyric sample: "And I think it's gonna be a long long time
		Till touch down brings me round again
		to find I'm not the man they think I am at home"

        I wish that Elton John was, like, an outcasted family member of mine
 or something.  His music is very pretty, and this song in particular is
 super-relaxing and poignant.  There's not much out there these days that
 match it.  And I think it's gonna be a long long time before something does.


 44. Tears for Fears: Shout

 Lyric sample: "In violent times
		You shouldn't have to sell your soul"

        Honestly, can ANYONE get sick of this song?  I think it's illegal in
 many countries to say, "Dude, turn off that damn 'Shout' song, it's just too
 addictive and fun to sing along with!"  Here's a commerical I made up when I
 was little: Shout, shout, get your stains out.  These are the spots I can do
 without.


 45. Anthrax: Black Lodge

 Lyric sample: "I am a witness to your demise
		I am the one who saw through the lies
		My love has always been blind"

        I have previously declared this song to have the Raddest Video of All
 Time.  It's spooky as hell.  Anyway, I once met the rad editor of Infernal
 Combustion e'zine by purchasing the CD single of this song from him on eBay.
 So this of course means that this song rocks beyond that of any other mere
 mortal.  Oh, and did I mention it's PRETTY?


 46. Tiffany: Promises Made

 Lyric sample: "Your words of steel
                Still echo in my memory
                Promises made, promises broken"

        Since I first made the list for this file, this song in particular
 has had me incensed.  I'm very PERTURBED that it's not on Tiffany's Greatest
 Hits CD.  I don't know, what can I say, I value that time in my life when I
 could seriously value Tiffany as a viable singer (although her recent
 collaboration with Front Line Assembly proves she IS viable).  My goal is to
 record a version of me singing this song and playing it on guitar.  I just
 need to learn guitar first.


 47. L7: Everglade

 Lyric sample: "He kept it up, his fists started flying
		They dodged each punch, as he kept trying
		Tripped on his own feet and hit the floor
		Glade got to pushing and rolled him out the door"

        A song about girls beating the fuck out of stupid rednecks.  Oh come
 on, that spells GOLD, baby.  I spent so long trying to find an mp3 of this
 song after years of suffering without it that I finally bought the CD.  See,
 Metallica, that's what mp3s are all about, to piss you off and make you buy
 stuff.


 48. The Greg Kihn Band: Jeopardy

 Lyric sample: "It's the lightning, not the thunder
                You never know where it's gonna strike
                Our love's in jeopardy, baby, ooh"

        Yet another song I adored when I was little... although that was
 mostly because I liked the show "Jeopardy."  But still, it inspired a Weird
 Al parody, so there has to be something there worth recognizing.  It's got
 that funky breakdown.  And not only do/did I adore it, Weird Al did too.
 However, I will not mention how Billy Idol ripped of the video when he did
 "White Wedding."


 49. KLF: 3am Eternal

 Lyric sample: "KLF, UH HUH, UH HUH"

        During the search for lyrics to this song, I found out way more about
 the KLF than I wanted to know.  Anyway, I hated everything else they did.
 Still, I can't get enough of this song, I have no idea why.  So much out
 there is better.  I think they laced this song in particular with crack.


 50. John Lennon: Instant Karma

 Lyric sample: "Instant Karma's gonna get you
                Gonna knock you off your feet
                Better recognize your brothers
                Ev'ryone you meet"

        A super happy hippie song!  But it's not just that.  It's one of
 those songs that makes everyone sing along and feel happy and want to fight
 for love and peace.  And although I now hate everyone and everything, this
 song keeps the silly dumb hippie in me alive.  Bed-in for peace!  We all
 shine on, like the moon and the stars and the sun!
        

 51. Deee-Lite: Groove Is In The Heart

 Lyric sample: "DJ Soul is on a roll
                I've been told he can't be sold
                He's not vicious or malicious
                Just Deee-lovely and Deee-licious"

        Okay.  There is a part in this song where they make that kickass
 "BLBLBLBLBL" sound.  Normally, this would not be accepted outside of a
 children's album.  NOT WITH DEEE-LITE!  Plus, Lady Miss Kier had rad hair
 and wore that sexy body suit.  Oh, and let's not forget the dude from
 PARLIAMENT FUNKADELIC, BOOTSY COLLINS.  Anyone from George Clinton's crew is
 welcome in ANY song EVER MADE.  Please take advantage of this!

        
 52. Living Colour: Cult of Personality

 Lyric sample: "I exploit you still you love me
                I tell you one and one makes three
                I'm the Cult of Personality"

        Lookie!  More black people!  Actually, this song rocks out hard.  I
 still feel the need to damage my ears when I hear it.  Plus, remember those
 cool multicolored hair extensions that Corey Glover had?  I bet they could
 kick Rage Against the Machine's ass.  Maybe Zach de la Rocha will get a
 Jheri Curl, and they can battle.


 53. M/A/R/R/S: Pump Up the Volume

 Lyric sample: "Put the needle on the record
                When the drumbeats go like this"

        This was most certainly my first ever experience with real techno and
 sampling and mixing and PHAT BEATS.  And I quite obviously wasn't the only
 one who loved it, since it was pretty damn popular.  Oh, remember the freaky
 lady that shrieks in some Bizarro-world chant?  I miss M/A/R/R/S.  I would
 give them women.


 54. Cheap Trick: The Flame

 Lyric sample: "I'm going crazy, I'm losing sleep.
                I'm in too far, I'm in way too deep over you.
                I can't believe you're gone.
                You were the first, you'll be the last."

        I still remember how this was Cheap Trick's first ever #1 hit, which
 is pretty sad for a shitty band that's been around since the Big Bang.
 Nonetheless, this song deserved its #1.  It was the first (and only)
 LISTENABLE Cheap Trick song.  And NO, I don't care WHAT you say, "I Want You
 To Want Me" is NOT LISTENABLE.  Kudos for at least one good song.
        

 55. Chemical Brothers: Setting Sun

 Lyric sample: "You're coming on strong and I like the way
                The visions we had have faded away
                You're part of a life I've never had
                I'll tell you that it's just too bad"

        The Chemical Brothers need more songs with coherent lyrics.  I mean,
 they do some nice mixing and what not, but still, not much can top this
 song.  It's so full of electricity, and it's not half as annoying as hearing
 the phrase "BLOCK ROCKIN BEATS" 800 times in a song.  However, I wish to
 never see the video to this song again, as my sister spent a good year
 trying to be the stupid blond raver chick's evil twin.  Ugh.


 56. Mike + The Mechanics: Silent Running

 Lyric sample: "Don't believe the church and state
                And everything they tell you
                Believe in me, I'm with the high command"

        I think this song goes in the Scariest Videos of the '80s bucket.  It
 was just a scary song in general, it had a creepiness about it only rivaled
 by Michael Jackson's "Billie Jean."  It still has that appeal for me,
 however many years later it is now.  Oh, and nevermind that it's a big anti-
 establishment song.  Who knew what could be hiding in the depths of Mike +
 the Mechanics?


 57. Motley Crue: Dr. Feelgood

 Lyric sample: "Let him soothe your soul, just take his hand
                Some people call him an evil man
                Let him introduce himself real good
                He's the only one they call Feelgood"

        Rock out, bad boys.  Up until this point in my life, I was listening
 primarily to Bon Jovi.  Motley Crue shocked my system, woke me up, and
 taught me to be MORE METAL (as much as Motley Crue can).  And, much like
 "Ice Ice Baby," I still know all the words by heart.  I wonder if I should
 send them a medal or something to celebrate that fantastic achievement.


 58. Alannah Myles: Black Velvet

 Lyric sample: "A new religion that will bring ya to your knees
                Black Velvet, if you please"

        Not only was this song the very first song I ever did karaoke solo,
 it was also one of the first tapes that I bought with my babysitting money.
 However, I was saddened to note that this is the only good song Alannah
 Myles ever sang.  Ahh well.  Either way, I want her voice.  I know!  We can
 do a broadway production of Disney's "The Little Mermaid," and when I have
 her voice, I can run away and NEVER COME BACK.  HAHAHAHHA!


 59. Limahl: Theme to The Neverending Story

 Lyric sample: "Make believe I'm everywhere,
                Given In The Lines,
                Written on the pages,
                Is the answer to a neverending story"
        
        I suppose it's fair to note that I've seen this movie a gizillion
 times, and would not hesitate to see it a gizillion more.  I have yet to
 read the book, but it's on my list.  However, I did manage to acquire the
 mp3 one day, so until I get the DVD, I can listen to this song in perpetual
 bliss.  And people will run away scared.  Hooray!


 60. Sinead O'Connor: Nothing Compares 2 U

 Lyric sample: "It's been seven hours and fifteen days
                Since you took your love away
                I go out every night and sleep all day
                Since you took your love away"

        Ask Tanya sometime how much this song rules.  Actually, it's quite
 amusing, considering it's another one of those songs that I know completely
 by heart and can't help but sing along with LOUDLY whenever it comes on the
 radio.  This is my next karaoke venture when I have the chance.


 61. Morcheeba: Trigger Hippie

 Lyric sample: "Tune in, drop out of love,
                Pull the trigger, I'm a hippie,
                So said a truth, in blood,
                Alive and well,
                You push the buttons"

        Ohhhhh... I completely hated this song the first time I heard it.  It
 just bored the crap out of me.  But a few years later, upon hearing it when
 partially incoherent, I was all like, YEEEEAH!  So now I'm totally hooked on
 Morcheeba.  This song is very laid back and full of trippiness without
 venturing into the whole lounge-sound like Portishead does.  It's smooth,
 and not in a Santana kind of way.


 62. David Bowie: Space Oddity

 Lyric sample: "This is Major Tom to Ground Control
                I'm feeling very scared
                And I'm floating in a most peculiar way"

        I would almost start crying when I heard this song when I was little!
 I wonder how many other people were traumatized by this song as a child.
 Anyway, tragedy is a fantastic element, and capitalizing on scary outer
 space is fun and exciting, not to mention painting the government as callous
 and only out for its own advancements.  It works on so many levels.


 63. Pearl Jam: Alive

 Lyric sample: "While you were sitting home alone at age thirteen
                Your real daddy was dyin'
                Sorry you didn't see him, but I'm glad we talked"

        Wow, Pearl Jam helped break music back in the early '90s by taking
 all of the balls out of it.  But they're forgiven just because they ruled.
 This song is just plain tragic.  It makes you want to bury your head in a
 vat of Emily Dickinson poetry and sip mocha lattes all day.  I'm not sure if
 that's a good thing, but that doesn't make the song suck.


 64. Chevelle: Mia

 Lyric sample: "So - Why, I made the face that bugs you
                I won't design conversation around you
                I made the face that bugs you"

        I was tricked upon first listen by thinking this was Tool, not just
 because of the song itself but also because of the video.  And then I felt
 tricked again when I found out Chevelle was a CHRISTIAN band.  But I decided
 to let my prejudices subside, and lo and behold, CHEVELLE KICKS ASS.  They
 don't get SuperBible on your asses, and they make fantastic music.  Plus,
 this song is the name of one of my cats!


 65. Pink Floyd: Comfortably Numb

 Lyric sample: "Hello, is there anybody in there?
                Just nod if you can hear me
                Is there anyone home?"

        Wow.  When you watch _The Wall_, the scene where this song plays is
 quite possibly one of the saddest, most heart-wrenching scenes ever filmed.
 And if nothing else, this song fits the film more than any of the others on
 the soundtrack.  But movies aside, there's that cool screaming part and a
 venture into the void of a black human soul.  Wheeee!  What could be better?


 66. Chroma Key: Colorblind

 Lyric sample: "it's all white lines to me
                but things are getting clearer
                i can almost read the writing in the mirror"

        I'm absolutely positive that this song contains some kind of hypnotic
 subliminal something-or-another that sucks people in and never lets them
 escape.  It's entrancing and haunting, and it's free for the download at
 chromakey.com--feel free to let it eat you alive.  Anyway, this was my first
 taste of what Kevin Moore has been doing since he left Dream Theater, and I
 was surprised and astounded and instantly in love.  Someday, I'm going to
 stalk that man.


 67. Ozzy Osbourne: No More Tears

 Lyric sample: "I never wanted it to end this way my love my darling
                Believe me when I say to you in love
                I think I'm falling here"

        Yet another song that I hated upon first listen.  BUt that didn't
 last long.  Who could reject that asskickin bass groove, and the radass
 guitar stylings of Zakk Wylde?  Plus, Ozzy was sporting a new cleaned-up,
 merchant of death look, and his hair improved much.  Anyway, the song itself
 has that hauntingly good thing going on.  I seem to really get addicted to
 the gloomy stuff.


 68. Tesla: Song And Emotion

 Lyric sample: "Then he starts to play.
                Suddenly the pain slowly fades away.
                Tattered, torn and frayed,
                There's a place within his heart
                He'll always save for the song and emotion."

        Originally written about the death of Steve Clark of Def Leppard,
 this song is sad and wonderful.  The bonus is that this song actually proved
 that Tesla had ability and talent, no matter how they were decried
 otherwise.  I really miss that whole "talent" thing in the music business.
 It certainly isn't overrated.

 
 69. Prince: When Doves Cry

 Lyric sample: "You've got the butterflies all tied up
                Don't make me chase u
                Even doves have pride"

        By far and wide, this is Prince's best song.  Even though in the past
 few years he's gone completely insane and changed his name to Tafkap and
 made some severely shitty music, he certainly had his day.  This song is all
 slutty and sexy and introspective and a million other things all rolled into
 a fantastic loop and accompanied by a cheesy video.  Is it politically
 incorrect for me to say this song makes me want to FUCK LIKE A WILD RABBIT?


 70. Queensryche: Anybody Listening?

 Lyric sample: "Long ago there was a dream
                Had to make a choice or two
                Leaving all I loved behind
                For what nobody knew"

        Lately, every time I get in my car, one of the local rock stations
 plays this song.  It's also on the FIRST CD I EVER BOUGHT.  I like the whole
 existential vein of the lyrics and the laid-back, moody melody, and I like
 the loud guitars that kick in.  I believe that mix is what makes fantastic
 songs.  Britney Spears could learn a lot from older Queensryche stuff.


 71. Depeche Mode: I Feel You

 Lyric sample: "This is the morning of our love
                It's just the dawning of our love"

        Oh, wow.  I know i've mentioned sexy sexy songs before, but I don't
 think much outdoes THIS song.  It's such a pimp whorehouse super-slut beat,
 and oh my god, David Gahan on heroin in the video!  He's pasty white with
 long hair and an Evil Boy goatee!  DROOL!  But all of that aside, man, this
 song pounds.  It's a fuckfest waiting to happen.


 72. Ratt: Round And Round

 Lyric sample: "I knew right from the beginning
                That you would end up winning
                I knew right from the start
                You shot an arrow in my heart"

        ...Or something like that, you have no idea how hard it is to find
 Ratt lyrics, and I'm too lazy to find the CD and listen to the song right
 now.

        I remember when I was quite young and would sneak to watch MTV since
 my mom wouldn't let us.  This song entered me into the realm of metal.  In
 fact, Ratt scared me, which is really funny looking back at what they wore.
 But anyway, I don't quite get the allure of this song, or why I end up
 singing it all the time, either.  But I also don't get the special guests
 in the video, so what do I know?


 73. Bananarama: Venus

 Lyric sample: "Goddess on the mountain top
                Burning like a silver flame
                The summit of beauty and love
                And Venus was her name"

        More cover tunes!  However, no self-respecting little girl in the
 '80s would ever hate this song.  My friend Kelly and I were obsessed with
 it, and it was the VERY FIRST TAPE I EVER BOUGHT!  If only the rest of the
 songs were cooler.  Ahhh well, that's what I get.  Anyway, to this day, this
 song incites riots in girls my age, unless they're dumb.


 74. Aerosmith: Dream On

 Lyric sample: "Half my life is books written pages
                live and love from fools and from sages
                You know it's true,
                All these things come back to you"

        Piano and sadness and everything that nobody would ever expect from
 Aerosmith of all bands.  I think I once read some tidbit about this being
 their biggest hit ever at the point that it was released, which is as
 amusing as a similar feat by Cheap Trick.  However, another neat feature of
 this song would be its incomprehensible lyrics.  I've heard the song a
 million times, but when I looked up the lyrics, I realized I'm a moron.  You
 gotta love that feeling.


 75. Self: So Low

 Lyric sample: "I'm so low that I wish I was dead
                With a knife in my chest
                And a bullet through my head"

        WHO?  Well, this song got somewhat popular at one point many years
 ago.  I think nowadays only me and Mogel still rave about how much this disc
 rules, but that's okay.  I heard they went rap/R&B, which is both sad and
 scary.  Nevertheless, this song rocks on many levels, even with white boy
 pseudo-rapping.  It's Beck and Weezer's bastard child!  And it rules!


 76. Cake: The Distance

 Lyric sample: "Reluctantly crouched at the starting line
                Engines pumping and thumping in time
                The green light flashes, the flags go up
                Churning and burning they yearn for the cup"

        Ahhh, the song that likes to make cheap subwoofers explode in a blaze
 of glory.  It's good to get you pulled over, good for drag racing, good for
 parties, good for chilling and bouncing and wishing your car had
 hydraulics.  The amusing part, of course, is that most of this CD is songs
 about cars.  But does it matter?  NO!  I want to do this song in karaoke.  I
 got the phat beats in me.


 77. Babes in Toyland: Handsome and Gretel

 Lyric sample: "I vacuumed out my head jumping from bed to bed
                My name is Gretel, a soul of metal
                My name is Gretel yeah, I've got a sloppy slot"

        Ohhhhhh man... this was most assuredly my very first venture into the
 magical land of super badass chicks.  And seriously, there are very few girl
 songs that are as vicious and and obnoxious as this one.  I remember
 revelling in delight with all the FUCK words and SUPERANGST that turned me
 into more than just a hair band chick.  Praise the Babes.


 78. Shudder To Think: So Into You

 Lyric sample: "I am so into you
                I can't think of nothing else
                Thinking how it's going to be
                Whenever I get you next to me"

        Cover tunes, ahoy!  Anyone I know who has been force to listen to
 Shudder knows that they're, uh, a little bit weird.  And this was most
 certainly their last good album as well.  But this song in particular took
 a horrifically catchy song and bastardized it into something evil and good
 and just plain ROCKIN.  Death to pop!


 79. Folk Implosion: Natural One

 Lyric sample: I can't figure out what the fuck he's saying, and neither can
               anyone else, apparently.

        Even though the movie _Kids_ annoyed the hell out of me on many
 levels, I couldn't help but fall in love with this song from its soundtrack.
 In fact, I have a midi of it on my homepage for no reason other than that I
 know I'll never tire of it.  It's definitely a song that improves in mass
 quantity.


 80. Winger: Hungry

 Lyric sample: "I hear the tickin on the clock
                Countin every day I've been alone
                How long before you're coming back
                If I don't see your face, I'll turn to stone"

        And this is where people REALLY laugh at me.  I don't care.  The song
 begins with elegant strings (in the video, a car goes over a cliff).  See,
 it's a sad thing, but Winger actually had talent hidden underneath all the
 bare-chested-Kipness.  Don't believe me?  Find something by the Rudess
 Morgenstein Project (the drummer, dude, he ruled), and listen to some of
 Kip's solo stuff.  But all that aside, this song wasn't all cock, and it
 showed some lyrical and musical variety.  It's good, really it is!


 81. Dream Theater: Home

 Lyric sample: "Shine- lake of fire
                Lines take me higher
                My mind drips desire
                Confined and overtired"

        Just a bit ago, I was driving home with this song cranked in my car
 for the ten millionth time.  I find it impossible to even get remotely tired
 of this song.  I think it's mostly after the long, long quiet and intricate
 intro, when all the sudden, the song just POUNDS and gives me the urge to
 hit someone or kick something over or just plain get violent.  I would like
 to form a mosh pit at a DT concert for this song... hahaha, I am so silly.


 82. Skid Row: I Remember You

 Lyric sample: "Woke up to the sound of pouring rain
                Wind would whisper and I'd think of you
                And all the tears you cried, they called my name"

        Drooooool.  That's precisely what I did for most of 1989 and 1990,
 drool all over Sebastian Bach.  And this song!  Oh, how can such BAD BOYS be
 such SENSITIVE SOULS?  Why, for the money, of course.  But money
 notwithstanding, this song is tender and sweet and full of beautiful vocals
 (especially the scream at the end), and I once sang it in front of people
 with only an acoustic guitar accompaniment.  If you know me, then you know
 that it will never happen again.


 83. Bonham: Wait for You

 Lyric sample: "Come tomorrow
                One day closer to your heart
                Lost around me
                It's time and I'm sad when you're near"

        I saw this video the very first time I ever stayed up to watch
 Headbanger's Ball.  I instantly fell in love with it, and then I never saw
 the video again.  So I settled for the CD, which is okay, but I'm such a
 sucker for oddball syncopation and time signatures that I had a hard time
 listening to anything other than this song, even with it's silly, super-
 cheesy lyrics.


 84. Sneaker Pimps: Spin Spin Sugar

 Lyric sample: "I want perfection- I'm real need,
                I'veseenattention- see throughme"

        I am saddened and amused that the lead singer chick left Sneaker
 Pimps because the guys that started the group wouldn't let her write.  But
 really, why mess with a good thing?  This song RIPS THE LIFE OUT OF YOU, and
 makes your subwoofers happy as well.  I would like nothing other than to
 cuddle up with this song and kill myself.  Or something like that.


 81. T'Pau: Heart and Soul

 Lyric sample: "I used to have a lover with the Midas touch
                I turned to gold when I turned to dust
                Left me for another, I turned to stone
                Now give me love, heart and soul"

        So many people mysteriously forgot about this song, but when they
 hear it, they're all like, "YEAH!" and the '80s live once more.  I mean,
 it's much better than that damn similar-sounding song that ripped off
 "Freebird" and "Baby I Love Your Way" and stuck them together in one song.
 But people confuse them, and that makes me cry.  T'Pau is essential to life.
 Believe it or die.


 86. The Statler Brothers: Flowers on the Wall

 Lyric sample: "Playin solitaire till dawn with a deck of 51
                Smokin' cigarettes and watchin Captain Kangaroo
                Now don't tell me I've nothin' to do"

        Like most people my age, I didn't know this song until it was
 featured in Pulp Fiction.  But for some reason, it instantly stuck with me,
 and I formed a loving attachment to it.  It's the perfect happy driving
 song, or the perfect chilling brooding song.  It fits every situation.  Oh,
 and Kurt Vonnegut quoted it in _Palm Sunday_.  Instant radification.


 87. Stereo MCs: Elevate My Mind

 Lyric sample: "If I ever get down in the dumps,
                Short of a dollar, nothing changed for months,
                It seems to rain about every day,
                But all in all, seems kinda grey"

        I sold my firstborn child just to get this song on a crappy 112kbps
 encoded mp3.  I don't care, I have a mad fascination with this song, and it
 seems to have disappeared off the face of the earth.  On top of that, the
 lyrics are NOWHERE online.  Sure, everyone knows "CONNECTED" but not
 "ELEVATE MY MIND."  Dammit.


 88. Aerosmith: Sweet Emotion

 Lyric sample: "Tellin' you something you can sure understand
                Cause a month on the road and i'll be eatin' from your hand"

        Okay, this song is downright bawdy, and it was a difficult decision
 for me whether to leave this song on the list or "Rag Doll."  Anyway, I dig
 the whole vibe of this song, all laid back and chilling with a kickin'
 guitar riff.  Oh, and that neat backwards clappy noise.  And did I mention
 how fabulous the video was?  I don't think any male who's seen it could ever
 forget it.


 89. Supertramp: Take The Long Way Home

 Lyric sample: "And when you're up on the stage, it's so unbelievable,
                unforgettable, how they adore you,
                But then your wife seems to think you're losing your sanity,
                oh, calamity, is there no way out?

        I pretty much hated Supertramp for years just because of the cover of
 Breakfast in America.  However, I started actually listening to their songs,
 and now I find them to be such a wonderful part of the '70s.  I don't know
 how I let myself miss out for so long!  And this song is simply the crux of
 all the wonderful things they've done.


 90. Elton John: Goodbye Yellow Brick Road

 Lyric sample: "Oh I've finally decided my future lies
                Beyond the yellow brick road"

        This song is like floating around in a fairy tale.  It's completely
 surreal and flowery and pretty.  It's a great contrast with the lyrics, but
 I suppose that's the point.  Anyway, this song encourages waving from side
 to side with your arms in the air and other such cheesy things.  Hmmm.  Can
 anyone actually sing along with this song by heart?  Hooray for mumbling!


 91. Police: Synchronicity II

 Lyric sample: "And every single meeting with his so-called superior
                Is a humiliating kick in the crotch"

        There is just SOMETHING about this song that refuses to let me just
 forget about it.  It glues itself to my brain for months after hearing it
 just once.  Well, that's much better than having "All For Love" by Color Me
 Badd stuck in your head.  Anyway, Sting's voice has a bizarre appeal to it.
 Or, as my sister would remark, "If I were his age, I'd do him."


 92. Dream Theater: Pull Me Under

 Lyric sample: "Every day sends future to past
		Every breath leaves me one less to my last"

        And this is when people say, "Of COURSE she had to throw in another
 DT song."  That's damn right.  And it's a KEVIN MOORE LYRIC DT song as well.
 I spent a good year philosophizing over this song when I first really
 started loving it.  It's been almost 8 years and I'm still hung up.  Too bad
 the band is so sick of playing it live that they intentionally fuck it up
 just to be smug.


 93. Rob Base: It Takes Two

 Lyric sample: "I wanna rock right now
                I'm Rob Base and I came to get down
                I'm not internationally known
                But I'm known to rock the microphone"
        
        This song got EVERYONE on the dance floor back in those glorious
 junior high school days of mine.  It blended rap with dance in a market that
 wasn't saturated with that particular style yet (what, Salt-N-Pepa and that
 "Cars that Go Boom" song were about all else there was at the time).  How
 many times has this song been sampled?  A bizillion?  See, that's proof of
 greatness.


 94. Radiohead: Karma Police

 Lyric sample: "This is what you get when you mess with us
		Phew for a minute I lost myself"

	I'm not sure how to express my extreme love for Radiohead and
 particularly for this song without coming off as a hypocrite.  Radiohead are
 wonderful whiners, er, writers, and some of their songs drag musically, but
 not this one.  "Karma Police" is another one of those songs that sounds like
 what it's saying lyrically, as opposed to, oh, Kittie, who screams bloody
 murder about how they wish a boy liked them.  But then again, they have no
 talent, and Radiohead does, and they know how to write a damn good whiney
 song.



 95. White Lion: Wait

 Lyric sample: "So if you go away I know that I will follow
                Cause there's a place inside my hear that tells me
                hold out, hold out, hold out"

        Mike Tramp, oh man, Swedish hotties.  Hair bands were super rad,
 especially when bathed in white lights with long curly blond hair while
 wearing leather and ripped jeans.  White Lion's whole first album completely
 kicked ass, but this song was the one that sucked me in and made me an
 addict.  Nothing wrong with that!


 96. Front Line Assembly and Tiffany: New Years Day

 Lyric sample: "And we can break through
                Though torn in two
                We can be one
                I...I will begin again"

        You can ask many people other than myself who have been polluted by
 this song: it's another one of those CRACK SONGS.  Another cover tune yes,
 and by far superior to the original.  FLA is one of my favorite underground
 industrial/techno artists, and despite the malls, Tiffany is an incredible
 singer.  Put them together with an excellent melody and the always
 intriguing lyrics of U2, and BAMMO, instant crack.  If I could, I would
 force you to listen to this song RIGHT NOW.


 97. Whitesnake: Here I Go Again

 Lyric sample: "I don't know where I'm goin
                but I sure know where I've been
                hanging on the promises in songs of yesterday."

        Who can forget Tawny Kitaen flopping around all over the hood of
 David Coverdale's flashy automobile wearing a semi-translucent white cloth
 of a dress?  The video was most likely the source of much masturbation back
 in the '80s.  But even after all this time, there are occasions where I find
 myself popping my (stolen, it's a hilarious story) Whitesnake tape in my car
 and cranking this tune up.  It's memorable, and not just for the near-crotch
 shots.


 98. Deep Purple: Perfect Strangers

 Lyric sample: "And if you hear me talking on the wind
                You've got to understand
                We must remain
                Perfect Strangers"

        Of course, the first time I actually heard this song was a cover of
 it done by Dream Theater back in 1995.  However, as I don't take live-only
 covers to heart as actual songs to worship, I went back and found the
 original.  BAMMO.  Yummy stuff.  It's much more amazing than I expected, and
 I spend much time running around and dun-dun-dun-ing the final oddball solo
 and driving people insane.


 99. Red Hot Chili Peppers: Higher Ground

 Lyric sample: "Lovers keep on lovin'
                Believers keep on believin'
                Sleepers just stop sleepin'
                Cause it won't be too long"

        I just HAD to sneak in another cover tune before the end of my list.
 And like the naive little twit I was back when I first heard this song, I
 didn't KNOW it was a cover tune.  But, now that I know that it is, it was a
 tough decision whether I like the RHCP better than the Stevie Wonder version
 or not.  I decided with RHCP simply because it rocks harder and I've been
 addicted to it for a long time.


 100. Beatles: Helter Skelter

 Lyric sample: "Do you, don't you want me to love you
                I'm coming down fast but I'm miles above you"

        Wow, look at me sneaking in one of those CLASSIC BANDS right at the
 end.  I'm a decently respectable Beatles fan, and I love so many of their
 songs, but the only song that will cause me to jump around and tell people
 that if they change the radio station or DIE would be this song.  And no,
 it's not just because of the morbid Charles Manson connection... I think it
 has more to do with that this song just plain sounds like a bad acid trip.
 It's Scary Beatles, and I love that.  Smiles.


        I suppose I should say something all introspective and summaratory
 here, properly close my list with some wisdom or what not, but the music
 speaks for itself.  Buy the albums.  Listen to the radio.  Support music.
 Kill your mother.

 ****************************************************************************
 # (c)2000 aNAda e'zine                          aNAda060 .*.  by Phairgirl #
 ............................................................................
