                           .
                           .         a n a d a  1 4 5        0 9 - 0 2 - 0 0
                           .
  . .   . . .    . .    . .    . .           "Reading About That Awful
 .   .   .   .  .   .  .   .  .   .            Place Has Me Worried"
 .   .   .   .  .   .  .   .  .   .
  . . .  .   .   . . .  . . .  . . .               by Jan Ezelle


  . . w w w . a n a d a . n e t . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

        We are so young...  So fancy free...  So dirty-minded.  And hearted,
 of course, desiring the things of wickedness and doing the things that the
 demons would have us to do.  But let me tell you, just the other day, I
 picked up a book--about lost souls who supposedly have gone to hell.  So,
 what's the depths of hell like?  I wondered.

        It was actually the saddest thing I ever read in my life... in fact,
 continuous suffering and torturing that had been revealed on these lost
 souls from every page constantly entered my mind--not a very pleasant sight,
 nor a pleasant smell of an eighty-year-old small framed woman, who the
 author described, suffers in the pit of hell, her skin being removed from
 her bones by continual flames.  Only her fragile bones remain with a dirty-
 mist soul inside as she cries while the worms that the fire don't burn crawl
 inside of her.  The author explained that the souls in hell were in skeletal
 forms with "dirty-gray mist" inside each of them.  She could only tell
 whether they were male or female through their wailing voices coming from
 the mist.  Some of the souls were shown as they used to be on earth, but
 within a matter of minutes, they turned back into their skeletal forms with
 shreds of flesh hanging from them as the flames engulfed them.  She also
 told that she heard continuous thuds, souls that were falling into hell as
 soon as they died.  There were so many, for the thudding came one right
 after another... The author also commented about those who thought hell was
 here on earth--and it is, she said, only it's in the center of the earth,
 shaped like a human's body.  Then I supposed, for that reason, it's because
 of the first sin committed by man here on this earth, hell remains in the
 form of a human's body just to remind us of it's sinful purpose forever--and
 the more the lost souls enter, hell expands itself.
 
        The author mentioned too that hell was terribly dark and had the
 neverending smell of decaying flesh; and that, as Jesus, Who was walking
 with this author upon showing her this hellish den, He'd told her if one had
 been blind on earth, he'll be blind in hell, or if one only had only one arm
 on earth, he'll have one arm in hell.  I then realized that hell must be an
 "imperfect place".  The author also told of an incident where twelve dark
 clothed demons marched around a coffin.  As they chanted and laughed, each
 one of the demons thrust their sharp spears into the coffin through small
 openings--and a cry of a man's voice came from the coffin.  As he pleaded
 continuously to Jesus to be taken out of the place, the demons pushed their
 spears into the soul of this man's heart--because he was once a man of God's
 Word, but had gone back into sin.  Jesus's eyes were filled with tears for
 this man, told the author, who was also crying.  "Child, there are many
 souls in torment here, and there are many different types of torment for
 these souls.  There is greater punishment for those who once preached the
 Gospel and went back into sin, or for those who would not obey the call of
 God for their lives,"  Jesus told her.
 
        As I continued reading this book, I'd gathered that whatever a lost
 person's desire is here on earth, or whatever he does the most in his life,
 becomes his punishment in a horrifying way--an eternal reminder that he
 should've changed his ways for Jesus Christ while he was alive here on
 earth... torture took place for the lost such as that of another man's cry
 while the demons took his bones apart, taking them to different areas of
 hell and later playing treasure hunt with them.  Such punishment existed of
 that of lost souls that had engaged in unnatural sex acts were crying out in
 regret while they were in chains, swimming around in the bottomless river of
 fire as their bones blackened.  The demons had them chained together as they
 flowed down this fiery river, the author wrote.  The Lord explained to her
 that chain after chain, they are linked together because they desired the
 flesh of their own kind, animals, close relatives, prostitutors, as well of
 those who have committed adultery or engaged in sex before marriage.

        According to the author, Jesus classified these acts as unnatural--
 "young girls and boys were led into these acts, calling it love, but in the
 end it was sin and death, doing that which is unnatural and defiling the
 marriage bed."  There was even great punishment among those who had attended
 church regularly, but failed to accept Jesus Christ as their Lord and
 Savior, repent from their sins and obey God's command.  His greatest
 commandment is to love one another, and there were souls that had hatred
 hearts in hell--including racists.  Punishment had been declared on those
 who took their own lives or someone else's.  "Thou shalt not kill,"  the
 Lord God says, and before I even think of committing suicide, I must realize
 that the Lord God is my Maker--my life belongs to Him which should be in His
 Hands, not mine.  Oh, I could go on and kill myself.  Many times I have
 thought of doing it... just to get my life over and done with... who cares,
 you know?  But then I realized if I chose to do it, my body will become like
 a shell, but I will remain alive.  My spiritual being and emotion will never
 die--and then my judgment by the Almighty would cast me into the existence
 of darkness with the others who are doomed forever.

        Jesus became my answer which gave me all the more reason to live...
 punishment had been declared on those who took pleasure in anything wicked
 or evil such as practicing witchcraft, conversing with demons, magic, or any
 other of the sort, or on those who took pleasure in other things that took
 place in their lives instead of Christ (idolatry).

        Smotherless flames continued spreading among those who couldn't
 forgive someone, or another nation... those who have rebelled against and
 attacked their parents and local authories, curse and swear, cheat and
 mistreat others, drunkards, liars, thieves;  those who are greedy,
 slanderers, robbers, kidnappers... and these souls of unrighteousness have a
 feeling of intense loneliness, the author wrote.  Memories of their lives
 here on earth stay with them forever while they're in torture.  They
 remember their loved ones, and the day they refused Jesus' call.
 
        The author said that there were other things in hell too horrible to
 write... some of us don't realize how bad hell really is.  And we don't have
 to know, because the Good News is that God loves us--He loves YOU.  He
 doesn't want anyone to go there.  People have said that God loves them and
 they don't believe He'll send them to hell... but people don't realize He's
 not sending them to hell.  People have gone there by their own choices--by
 not accepting Jesus Christ into their hearts and lives.  If we have any
 stains (sin) on us, we are doomed to that awful den!  Because God hates
 those stains.  He doesn't allow sin in His Kingdom, for He turns His face
 from it (from us).  But because He sent His Beloved Son to die on the cross
 for us and if we believe and receive Him as our Lord and Savior, our eyes
 will never look upon that terrifying place of torment.  He tells us in
 Isaiah 1:18 for us to come and talk this over with Him and that no matter
 how deep our stains are, He can take it out and make us clean as freshly
 fallen snow.  Even if we are stained as red as crimson, He can make us white
 as wool!  And if we--you accept Him, asking for forgiveness of your stains
 (sin), you'll be given eternal life with Him...
 
        The author, Mary Kathryn Baxter, has been visited by Jesus, the Lord,
 Who appeared to her in dreams, visions and revelations.  She has been shown
 the depths, degrees, levels and torments of lost souls in hell.  She wrote
 that Jesus said to her, "I want you to write a book and tell of the visions
 and of all the things I reveal to you.  You and I will walk through hell
 together.  Make a record of these things which were and are and are to come.
 My words are true, faithful and trustworthy.  I Am That I Am, and there is
 none beside Me."  In the book, "A Divine Revelation of Hell," reported that
 ministers, leaders, and saints of the Lord speak very highly of Mary Kathryn
 and her ministry.  She has also received visions of heaven, the tribulation
 period and the end times and has written, "A Divine Revelation of Heaven,"
 revealing wonderful news!
 
        Yeah, many of us might be skeptical about this author's visits and
 visions... but I've discovered that God said in the last days, He'd pour out
 His Holy Spirit upon mankind, to His servants, sons and daughters, revealing
 them dreams and visions... (Acts 2:17-18).  So I must ask, "What can you
 lose by believing?  Believing in Jesus--rather than spending eternity in
 that awful place?  If you died today, where would you be?  For the sake of
 your very soul, where would you be?"
 
        For God so loved the world (you) that He gave His Begotten Son and
 whosoever believeth on Him shall never perish, but have everlasting life.
 For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world (you), but
 to save the world (you) through Him.  Whosoever believes in Him is not
 condemned, but whosoever does not believe stands condemned already because
 he has not believed in the Name of God's One and Only Son.  (John 3:16-18).

  . . w w w . a n a d a . n e t . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                                                                             
  .           anada 145                 by Jan Ezelle  (c)2000 anada e'zine .
      
  . . w w w . a n a d a . n e t . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
