Disclaimer
I do not assume responsibility for what you do.  If you 
injure yourself or others for example broken leg or 
sprained ankle or whiplash, etc etc that is your fault. 
If you commit crime for example breaking and entering, 
computer trespass, etc etc it is your fault. 


        Not Phrack 64    Issue 2 volume 1  May 26, 2006

#1............................Getting the most out of your police.
#2.........................................Story of a drug dealer.
#3..........................................................Recon.
#4...................................................Getting Food,
#5.................................How to increase your knowledge.
#6..........................................Short path to fitness.
#7................................................Marketing Scams.
#8................................What to do with old dos viruses.

#1
Disclaimer
I do not assume responsibility for what you do.  If you 
injure yourself or others for example broken leg or 
sprained ankle or whiplash, etc etc that is your fault. 
If you commit crime for example breaking and entering, 
computer trespass, etc etc it is your fault. 

                          Getting the most out of your police.

     My god, you want to help the police.  Not quite, the police 
can be a useful resource from time to time if you know the rules.  

     Rule one, police have seized items auctions after the trial 
is done.  So you can pickup bikes, vcrs, dvds, cars, tools, etc. 
etc. really cheap.

     Rule two, police use crime stoppers to get information to 
arrest people.  How do you benefit, keeping your eyes and ears 
open for drug houses, grow operations, chop shops, and brothels.  
Pass the information to the crime stoppers and every time there 
is an arrest it could be worth $2000 dollars tax free.

     Still having problems helping the police.  Put your self in 
their shoes.  Their shifts are deliberately set up to isolate them 
from the common person with a little sleep deprivation thrown in.  
Add to that some of the more gruesome and negative things that they 
deal with on a daily basis and you have one cranky person.  Just 
make their lives easier by helping them catch real criminals and in 
doing so give them a sense of self worth.  

     Why do this?

     Because police would rather spend their time getting real 
criminals than dealing with the petty crap that people do.  Also a 
police officer while not being able to comment on continuing 
investigation can give you suggestion as to what and where to look 
for criminal activity.  Then you can see if it is true and report the 
criminal activity to crime stoppers if you find any and collect your 
$2000 dollars if it leads to an arrest.  

     Does this mean narcing on your friends?

     No, if some one in your circle is committing crimes that is their 
choice, simply chose to not help them.  However if they do something to 
hurt you or members of your circle then they are no longer part of the 
circle so I say narc away.

                                                               Old Man 

#2
Disclaimer
I do not assume responsibility for what you do.  If you 
injure yourself or others for example broken leg or 
sprained ankle or whiplash, etc etc that is your fault. 
If you commit crime for example breaking and entering, 
computer trespass, etc etc it is your fault. 

                    The rise of A drug dealer 

     A long time ago in a school far away there was this 
scumbag named J.D..  And to supplement his allowance that 
his rich parents gave him.  He decided to get into drug 
dealing.  First he got to know his dealer really well and 
became a mule for transporting the drugs to the other 
students in the school.  Then after a while he was introduced 
to his drug dealer supplier.  J.D. then anonymously narcs on 
his dealer.  His dealer gets busted, so J.D. is recruited 
to deal drugs in the school, not to mention $2000 dollars 
from crime stoppers.  After a while J.D. is introduced to 
the cops that are paid off, growers of weed, and suppliers of 
heaver drugs; meth, crack, lsd.  A few months later J.D.'s 
supplier is busted and J.D. gets another $2000 dollars from 
crime stoppers.  To keep the operation going J.D. takes over 
the supplying business.  This is when J.D. runs into competition 
with other drug dealers.  So what does he do, he gives drugs 
free to skaters in return for telling him where the other drug 
dealers are.  Then he buys a large supply of what ever drug his 
competition is selling.  And waits for his competition to get 
their shipment in.  Then J.D. anonymously narcs on them.  The 
street values of the seized drug goes up in price and J.D. gets 
$2000 dollars per bust.  

     Sorry folks this story just doesn't have a happy ending.

                                                      Old Man

#3
Disclaimer
I do not assume responsibility for what you do.  If you 
injure yourself or others for example broken leg or 
sprained ankle or whiplash, etc etc that is your fault. 
If you commit crime for example breaking and entering, 
computer trespass, etc etc it is your fault. 

                             Recon

     To do reconnaissance one must first get the lay of 
the land.  One does this by reading maps of the area you 
are going to travel in.  It does not matter if it is the 
city or country.  A map is the best way to establish way 
points so you can get to know a new area.  In other words 
its useful to know so you are not chased down a dead end.  
Also maps help in locating good ambush positions and good 
filming positions if you are trying to capture drug dealers 
in their dealings.  Remember crime stoppers pays up to 
$2000 dollars for arrest and conviction of crime.  just 
make sure you have a good camera and a good head start.  
The film is to be given to the police anonymousness to 
insure the conviction.

     After the establishment of way points and likely ambush 
sites use the map to plot a course to walk or ride around 
so you get to know the area.  Walking the dog is a good excuse, 
and it gets you some exercise.  After you do this a few times 
you will be an established individual in the neighborhood.  
This allows you to look for grow operations and drug houses 
in the neighborhood.  If you do not feel comfortable doing this 
alone, then get a couple other members of your cell to come with 
you.  The group should be no larger than three.  Otherwise it 
will look like another gang in the neighborhood.

   Also have a cellphone just in case. 

                                                         Old Man

#4
Disclaimer
I do not assume responsibility for what you do.  If you 
injure yourself or others for example broken leg or 
sprained ankle or whiplash, etc etc that is your fault. 
If you commit crime for example breaking and entering, 
computer trespass, etc etc it is your fault. 

                            Getting Food

     There are three ways of getting food.  First is to 
buy it,  The most expensive way is to get fast food or 
restaurant food.  It is okay to do so once in a while to 
treat your self.  But it should not be a regular part of 
your diet.  Not because of health problems but rather 
because of economics.  A big mac meal costs the same 
amount of money as a 8 KG or a 17.6 LB bag of rice.  One 
such bag of rice will last from two to six months.  Simply 
be a smart shopper.  Compare prices at competing stores 
and get the cheapest food possible from each.  However 
just one problem, you have to learn how to cook.  For rice 
invest in a rice cooker.  Is saves a lot on scorched pots.  
Just follow the directions given.  To learn how to cook 
check with your local church or collage to see if there 
are any courses in cooking.

     The next way to get food is to grow it your self, again 
look to collages, church groups, and gardening clubs for help.  
Growing food takes some work but is easy enough to do.  
typical plants you want to grow are potatoes, tomatoes, carrots, 
radishes, squash, and lettuce.  If you live in an apartment 
there are communal gardens usually provided by churches and soup 
kitchens.  Also most farmers are not adversed to renting a garden 
plot to a city dweller.  Just a lot of manual labour weeding and 
watering.

     The last way to get food is to hunt, trap, and forage for it.  
This is difficult if you live in the city.  But could be done on 
vacation time.  Just make sure you know what you are doing.  
Either go to collage to take the survivalists course.  Or go with 
someone who has hunted and trapped before.

                                                         Old Man 

#5
Disclaimer
I do not assume responsibility for what you do.  If you 
injure yourself or others for example broken leg or 
sprained ankle or whiplash, etc etc that is your fault. 
If you commit crime for example breaking and entering, 
computer trespass, etc etc it is your fault. 

                  How to increase your knowledge

     To survive tough times you and your group, cell, needs 
to have knowledge, skills, and resources to survive.  How 
do you get knowledge and skills?

     Rule one. Pay attention in school.  At least to the 
classes that are important; math, chemistry, physics, shop, 
home economics, computers, gym, and foreign languages.  The 
classes that do not matter like English, history, psychology, 
are watered down crap courses designed to brain wash you into 
thinking that you are nothing more important than a factory 
worker.  And the only form of rebellion that is acceptable 
is in written words or debate, and not action.  They usually 
teach you to be sheep.

     Rule two. Buy used books.  Go to garage sales, and used 
book stores.  Look for old high school, university, and collage 
text books.  And read them. Also look and get old role playing 
game books.  Read the text books to increase your knowledge in 
different areas.  This time you can read psychology and history 
books because you won't be under the influence of the brain washing 
teachers, learn the lessons the author portrays not the teacher.  
Then read the RPG books and start playing RPG games with your cell.  
RPG's let you try out plans and ideas in advanced to see what could 
happen given a situation.  As well as, stimulating the mind and 
preparing for the unexpected.  The military often play rpg games to 
sharpen their officers intellegence.

     Rule three.  If you have the money take collage or university 
courses. Just not English or history, psychology can be taken because 
the teachers are more open ended than they are in high school.  Also 
This counts as a tax writeoff.

     Rule four.  Volunteer or do an internship at different organizations, 
such as habitat for humanity, soup kitchens, etc.  You learn valuable 
skills.

     Rule five.  Arrange trips with the cell to different areas and 
share costs.  Travel broadens the mind, and releases stress of being 
in the same town day after day. 

     Rule six.  Get a computer and Internet connection.  and start 
reading how-to and FAQ's.


                                                           Old Man


#6
Disclaimer

I do not assume responsibility for what you do.  If you 
injure yourself or others for example broken leg or 
sprained ankle or whiplash, etc etc that is your fault. 
If you commit crime for example breaking and entering, 
computer trespass, etc etc it is your fault. 

Disclaimer

See a docter befor starting any exercise program.

                        Short path to fitness

     If you want to get physically fit in a short amount 
of time then do two types of physical exercise.
     
      One: Weight lifting

      Two: Walking

     The key to physical fitness is progressive 
overloading with recuperation.

     Weight lifting is simple, how do you think all the dumb 
jocks get big.  Strength is their advantage.  But in order for 
them to do the exercises themselves the program has to be simple.  
If you have a spotter that can lift the weight you are lifting 
then use barbells,  If not, use dumbbells.  Start with the 
lowest or least amount of weight on the equipment as possible.  
A weight lifting bench at Wal-mart varies between $100 to $40.  
Wal-mart's barbell weight set of 100 lb cost between 
$25 to $40 dollars.  And a weight belt cost between $20 to $30.  
Doing this is a lot cheaper than going to a gym to start out with.   
Just download the us army field manual on physical fitness.  It 
takes a little digging around their web site but its there.  Start 
their weight lifting program and stick with it for three months, 
you will be stronger in no time.  When you can safely lift the 
100 lb weight.  Then its time to get a gym membership.  It should 
take you about a six months to a year of training to get to the 
100 lb mark.

     Walking is the simplest fat burning cardio exercise.  If where 
you live is too dangerous to go out side then walk on the spot in 
your house. to make the time go by quicker play some music or watch 
the TV while you walk.  One should aim for 20 min a day three days 
a week to start with and as the exercise gets easier increase the 
time of the walk so that it is eventually 45 to 60 minutes.  Also 
swing your arms while you do your walking.  When this becomes too 
easy start doing jumping jacks until you start to get exhausted, 
Finish the time with walking.  Gradually you will get better 
physical cardio fitness. 
         
                                                          Old Man      

#7
Disclaimer
I do not assume responsibility for what you do.  If you 
injure yourself or others for example broken leg or 
sprained ankle or whiplash, etc etc that is your fault. 
If you commit crime for example breaking and entering, 
computer trespass, etc etc it is your fault. 

                                Marketing Scams

          For the dumber than house plants.  You know the 
email crap about such and such a company will pay you to 
send their email to your friends and then to such and such 
link to get the money.  It is a scam to get your email for 
spam marketing or worse identity theft.  Consider your self 
warned, If you are stupid enough to put your self on such a 
con job you deserve to be grifted.  And no thats not gifted 
its grifted as in con job.  In other words, don't send crap.

                                                       Old Man

#8
Disclaimer
I do not assume responsibility for what you do.  If you 
injure yourself or others for example broken leg or 
sprained ankle or whiplash, etc etc that is your fault. 
If you commit crime for example breaking and entering, 
computer trespass, etc etc it is your fault. 

                     What to do with old dos viruses

     Old dos viruses as in; Ms dos, Pc dos, Dr dos, etc.  
can and do serve a useful purpose.  Basically viruses 
authors do not claim ownership of the viruses, so technically 
the viruses are in the public domain and can be reversed 
engineered.  Why would you want to do this.  Simple, 
viruses are great practice to reversed engineer so that 
when you have to reversed engineer a much larger more complicated 
program you understand the tricks to do so.  Also many 
advanced concepts of computer programming such as encryption, 
self modifiable code, and undocumented features of the OS, 
operating system, or BIOS chip or microprocessor can be seen.  
Why is this important.  The virus writer had to have reversed 
engineered the OS, BIOS, or processor in question so he can take 
all  the blame for the information going public.  Meaning you, 
the person who reversed engineered the virus can under law make 
clone's or near clone's of the OS, BIOS, or Processor using the 
information gathered from the reversed engineered viruses.

                                                          Old Man



