
				Security Breach
	                       Vol. 1, Number 1
                                January 1998

Editor-in-chief: Maniac
Contributing Editors:  People like you, hopefully!

	So you want to know how to explore/beat the system. Well, here's 

your instruction manual. Security Breach is a hacking/phreaking zine 

devoted to all kinds of hacking related activites. If it involves 

manipulating a system to gain access to things you would not otherwise 

have access to, WE WILL COVER IT.

	Security Breach is founded on the basic principle that systems of 

all kinds are meant to be defeated and exploited, and that it's always fun

to get something for nothing. There is simply so much useful information 

out there that the powers that be would like you not to have and use. But 

we're here to tell the powers that be where they can shove it, and give you 

all the info you need to have all sorts of fun with the system. We will have

info on: vending machines, lock-picking, security systems, anti-theft 

systems, phone phreaking, sabotage, and all sorts of crazy pranks and 

MUCH, MUCH more. Security Breach is like a pirate ship, sailing in the 

face of the system , with me, Maniac, at the helm. Enjoy


Submissions and letters are  welcome and STRONGLY encouraged. You can send
material to: Xkmfdmx@aol.com 


If you have an idea for something that should be covered, just tell me, and
I'll look into it...

This publication is for informational purposes only. If you use 
information contained within to break the law, it is not our problem
(although we will be very happy), so don't do anything naughty with this 
info.

	Ok, now the disclaimer's out of the way, so lets have some FUN

Index:
1.  Introduction		-Maniac
2. Anti-Shoplifting Systems and how to defeat them	-Jack Ripoff
3. How to get into R-rated movies without being 17		-Maniac
4. Making Someone's Phone busy	-Maniac
5. Quick N' Dirty AC Line Killer		-Maniac
6. Closing Babbling





Anti-Shoplifting Systems and How to Defeat Them
		By Jack Ripoff

	Many times, when you walk into a store, the first thing you see 

is the shoplifting detector that is supposed to keep you from stealing 

stuff. Here, we will discuss various types of anti-shoplifting technology, 

and how to beat them.

	The first and most common method is the EAS tag. Also known as the

peel-n'-steal tag, this one's easy to defeat. Just peel and steal. EAS tags

are white and are stuck to products.  Some manufacturers have put EAS tags 

inside the packaging of products, where they cannot be seen by the customer. 

They are usually located behind the bar code. Internal tags are often used 

on camera film, especially Polaroid film, and disposable cameras. Zippo 

lighters often have security tags, as well. They are most likely to be 

found on any product which is small and expensive. To deal with these, 

either remove the product from its box, or cut out the bar code area. If 

the tag isn't on the barcode, remove the box.

	The EAS tags are deactivated using a magnetic field generated by a 

device under the store counter, which leads us to ask."Hey, why not build 

a handheld unit?" This unit would use an electrically generated magnetic 

field to deactivate the tag, and would most likely be powered by 9 volt 

batteries. A number of individuals we know are currently working on the 

development of this device. Their latest plan uses a tape head demagnetizer 

which will be powered by 9volts, converted to AC and stepped up using a 

transformer. It will use 120 volts, 60Hz, or something close to that. The 

Ac current will create a magnetic field that reverses at the same speed the 

power changes phase, namely 60 times per second. When the power is cut, the 

magnetic field will dissipate, causing the tag's magnetism to decrease 

accordingly, rendering the tag inoperative. The people working on this 

project, who will remain anonymous for obvious reasons, are also considering 

several other ideas for this device. Once the project is completed, Security 

Breach will obtain and publish schematics and plans.

	There are several other security technologies. I will address 2 of 

them. On some CD's there are magnetic strips imbedded in the packaging. The 

strips are approximately 2 ½" to 3" long. These strips are sometimes found 

inside CD cases. The ones inside CD cases have a thin plastic strip affixed 

to each side.

	The most interesting anti-shoplifting device I know of is the Ink 

Tag. Ink tags are used to prevent people from ripping off clothes from 

clothing stores. They consist of a button shaped thing about the size of a 

beer bottle cap, attached by a steel pin to a smaller button on the other 

side of the piece of clothing. If they are broken off, they spray ink on 

the shoplifter, effectively marking them for store security to bust. Pretty 

sketchy, huh? Not if you're smart.Bring along a heavy duty pair of wire 

cutters when you go "shopping." Use the cutters to cut the metal pin that 

holds the ink tag together. Then pull the pin out of the item, and it's 

ready to rip off.

	There are lots more anti-shoplifting devices out there, so I'll 

probably take a little trip to some retail stores and see if I can discover 

ome more of them, and let everyone know how to beat them. Also, look for 

information on how to fabricate the various tools used by store employees 

to remove these devices. We're currently working on that, and will publish 

an article about it sometime in the future. I may also write a more detailed 

article on EAS technologies such as swept RF and acousto-magnetic, in the 

future.





Getting into R rated movies without being 17
	By Maniac


Yeah, I know this is cheesy, but hey, it is a system of sorts and it's easy 
to beat, so what the fuck

	Okay, so you want to go to the movies. The film has a bit of

violence/sex/language/other stuff, and the ratings jerks made it "R." Just 

one problem, you're not 17, or you are, but whoever's with you isn't, and 

you gotta be 18 to buy tickets for someone who's underage. So you're 

thinking "oh shit, now what do I do?" Well here's what you do:  You buy 

tickets to a flick that's rated PG-13, PG.... you get the idea. You just 

give them to the ticket taker, and they'll tear them, and you can just go 

to whatever flick you like.  This works in those huge theaters that have a 

zillion screens such as Framingham 14(Framingham, MA.) For a smaller theater 

where you have to present your ticket at the entrance to the individual 

screen, you need to be a bit more creative. 

	In this situation, just tear your ticket yourself, stick one half 

in your pocket, and flash the stub at them as you walk in, as if you left 

go to the bathroom and are returning. Also, if the theater has a self-serve 

snack bar with a register where you pay for everything, just have your 

friend distract the attendant, while you apply 5-finger discount liberally.

"Welcome to General Cinemas put your cigarette out on the rug, and enjoy 

theshow."





	Making Someone's Phone Busy

		By Maniac

	Preface: Ok, I know this is an extremely simple and somewhat lame 

technique, but it has some useful applications so I'm gonna write about it 

anyways. If you think it's dumb, well, too fuckin bad..

	Say you want to play a trick on someone by making their phone busy

semi-permanently.. This is the way. All you need to do is procure a resistor

with a value of at least 100 ohms(I would recommend something more like a 

350 ohm), which can be easily ripped from Radio Hack. To install the 

resistor, just go to the victim's TNI box on the side of their house and 

attach the resistor between the terminals for the red and green wires. You 

could also call up the MLAC and pose as a CO technician to get cable pair 

info on the number, then go install the resistor on a pole or on an area 

pinout board, where it would be more difficult to find. The social 

engineering trick for the MLAC does work, because I've successfully done 

it before, unless you sound like you're definitely under 18. Then you'll 

just get told to get lost.

	
	So, you know how to install the sucker, but this article would not 

be complete without explaining the electrical theory behind this technique. 

So here it is..

	As you may already know, Ohm's law states that V=IR, or E=IR

(same damn thing) where V or E represents the voltage in VOLTS, I 

represents the current in AMPERES, and R represents the resistance in OHMS.

	The voltage on my phone line when it is on hook is 51.3VDC, 

although that has little to do with the task at hand.  When I take the 

phone off the hook, the voltage drops to 7.6VDC So V=7.6.  I also happen 

to know that my Harris-Dracon TS22 lineman's handset has an internal 

resistance of  357 ohms, according to my digital multimeter.  That 

means R=357.

	So V=7.6, and R=357, and V=IR, so The line current when the phone 

is off hook is about 21milliamperes. Knowing this, we can also find the 

power consumption of the phone line. P=IV, so the power consumption 

is .1596 watts.

	Now to make the switch think that the phone is off hook, one needs 

to bridge the line with a resistor that provides about the same amount of 

resistance as a phone off the hook. The best choice would be something 

close to my figure of 357 ohms, but you can get away with anything from 

about 100 ohms up. A while back, I built a hold button for my phone using 

this principle. It used a spdt switch, which in one position allowed the 

conversation to occur on the line, but when the switch was flipped, put a 

100 ohm resistor between red and green, cutting off the phone, but keeping 

the line off the hook. If you want more info on that, just search the web 

for "crimson box." You could use the switch based plan in the crimson box 

file to make a switchable version of my little annoyance technique.

That's all folks, have fun



				Quick N' Dirty AC Line Killer

	Ever want to turn off the power whenever and wherever you like? 

Sure, you can stick a paper clip in a socket, but you might manage to fry 

yourself in the process. Here's a solution to the safety problem.
	
	Take an old, broken AC/DC adapter, and cut off the cord. Then open

it up and rip out the circuitry inside, except for the two prongs of the 

plug. Then cut a 3 inch piece of 10 gauge wire, strip the ends, and solder 

it between the 2 prongs on the inside of the adapter case. Then close the 

case, and secure it with screws or glue. 

	To use, just find an outlet which is on the circuit you want to 

blow, or just pick a random outlet.(not in your house, dumbass). Plug 

it in, and it'll create a short circuit, and blow fuses, trip breakers, 

etc..without frying you!  

	By the way, this may cause sparks to fly out of the outlet. I've 

seen it happen before with a paper clip. It caused a 5-foot jet of sparks 

and melted a hole partway through the outlet plate. The paper clip, which 

was making a connection between the outlet plate and one side of the 

socket, shot across the room and hit the opposite wall. This is a really 

cool effect, just be a little careful. This thing draws a LOT of amperes. 

Anybody with half a brain can build this thing. It doesn't get much simpler.

Have fun.



Closing Babblings  -Maniac

	Well that's all for this issue of Security Breach. I hope everyone 

enjoyed it, cause I put a good deal of time into it. I'm already working 

on issue 2, which I hope to make better than this one. I really would 

appreciate some help writing this thing, It's a pain in the butt to do it 

myself. In the future, I'm going to stick to technical stuff mostly, and 

try to keep the semi-lame stuff to a minimum. Look for articles on 

Phreaking from ATM phones, Building a flashing ringer, The phreaker's 

toolkit, and much, much more in next issue.


Until then...Keep The Information Free!!

--Maniac

