
                            Low Self Esteem Issue 21
                                   A Night Out
                            Written By: Parker Lewis
                                 Jan. 31th, 1997

 ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³                       Issues of LSE can be found at:                      ³
 ³                                                                           ³
 ³                 FTP: FTP.EText.Org/pub/Zines/LowSelfEsteem                ³
 ³                  WWW:  WWW.GeoCities.Com/SouthBeach/3640/                 ³
 ³                       Email: Parker_Lewis@HotMail.Com                     ³
 ³                                                                           ³
 ³  If your interested in writing something for LSE, send it in to the email ³
 ³                            address listed above.                          ³
 ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ


 Section 1: Introduction
 Section 2: A Night Out
 Section 3: Book Review: Impossible Vacation
 Section 4: Lyrics: Pet Shop Boys - It's a Sin
 Section 5: Poetry
 Section 6: Wrap Up


    Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-


 Section 1: Introduction ³
 ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

 If you remember last issue of LSE,  I made a reference to a party I was thin-
 king of attending,  the name of the party was "The Drunk Party",  I didn't go
 to that party,  instead I stayed home and watched Dead Poet Society and  Lea-
 ving  Los  Vegas on TV.   A month later  there was another  party in the same
 place,  it was called "The Rat Party" (A Festa da Rata),  I didn't go to that
 party either,  a week after "The Rat Party"  there was  another party  at the
 same place, the party's name was "A Festa da Guica", I don't know the english
 translation for this name, that was yesterday, January 30th 1998, which coin-
 cidentally was on the same day as my 20th birthday (damn, 20 already,  I sure
 don't feel like it), anyways I decided to go to this party,  and what follows
 in this  article is a description  of that night,  and of an  typical  Friday
 night, here in this crappy island.

    Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-


 Section 2: A Night Out ³
 ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

 I ended school at 17:30,  the party only started at 21:00,  since I live  far
 from the city,  I decided to stay in the city and try to kill those three and
 a half hours.  I first went to my mother's work to drop off my school bag,  I
 then  went to a coffee  shop and paid 4 bucks  for two disgusting sandwiches,
 and drank two of the three Red Bulls I had with me, after that, I went to the
 cinema and watched Home Alone 3 (even though the story was stupid,  the movie
 was still funny).   The movie ended at 20:30,  I still had 30 minutes to kill
 so I went to a coffee shop and  paid 75 cents for a dinky few  milliliters of
 horrible coffee (at this pointed I was totally pumped up from caffeine, those
 two Red Bulls  that I had already drank have  the equivalent of three cups of
 strong coffee in each can,  with the additional cup I just had,  and the last
 can of Red Bull which I still hadn't drank,  I would drink the equivalent  of
 ten cups of coffee before the day was through.  After finishing the coffee, I
 decided to go to the party destination which was located near my school. When
 I got there was about fifteen people outside,  a group of girls laughed  as I
 passed them by,  it doesn't bother me, I'm pumped on caffeine and I just want
 to dance,  I find a place to sit, and I wait,  nobody is going inside yet, so
 we stay outside freezing to death for an hour,  the people start going in  at
 ten,  there is now about 70 or so people,  I pay the five dollar entrance fee
 and I'm in,  the room was nothing special,  it was about the size  of a small
 school gymnasium,  there was one strobe light and four colored lights, it was
 pretty crappy lighting,  the sound system was no better,  the music was fuzzy
 and lacking that sharpness  of a quality system.  The music and the djing was
 the worst I've  ever seen,  they played  music  which is popular  here,  like
 Marilyn Manson,  Smashing Pumpkins, Prodigy (the new Prodigy,  which suck, if
 they played something from the old Prodigy it'd been better), Beck, Bush, and
 Offspring,  they played Low Self Esteem  from Offspring which  made me laugh.
 The music was mostly metal,  hard  rock or crappy popular  songs like  Barbie
 Girl from Aqua.  There wasn't  much dancing,  just a lot  of bouncing  around
 (the pogo dance),  of course, how else can you dance to hard rock, there were
 some idiots who where trying to  crowd surf but since  there were gaps in the
 crowd they didn't get far. The place filled out quickly, I wasn't feeling too
 comfortable, so I bought a vodka, which I was able to drink mixing it with my
 last Red Bull and a beer, which tasted like shit, I felt like dumping it out,
 I managed to finish it, but I was still unable to be comfortable.  There were
 some classmates of mine at the party, I just greeted them, and returned to my
 corner, they were with other people and I didn't want to hang around them.  I
 danced a bit,  I did their pogo dance,  but I couldn't get into the music.  I
 stayed sitting down against the wall,  it was becoming  harder to find  clean
 place to sit down,  because of all the spilled drinks and thrown out cups.  I
 stayed there until 1:00am,  I was getting tired of  listening to crappy music
 and watching drunken teenagers  acting stupid so I left.  I wasn't  the least
 bit  exhausted,  the  caffeine was still  pumping big time  through my  blood
 stream,  I didn't want to let this energy go to waste, I wanted to dance like
 a maniac to  some good danceable music,  I didn't want to  do no stupid  pogo
 dance,  so I walked to "Opera",  the only dance club in the city,  when I got
 there,  they said that I couldn't go in yet,  they were only letting in girls
 and couples, and they'd only let the single guys enter later on.  I waited in
 the freezing night for an hour,  at 2:00am I tried  to go in again,  but they
 said I'd have to wait more,  I bought a hot dog at  a nearby vendor for $3.50
 (big time rip off,  but I was hungry) and waited another hour, at 3:00am they
 still weren't letting in the single guys,  I was cold, lost my patience,  and
 didn't feel like dancing anymore, I decided I wasn't going to wait any longer
 so I caught a cab and went home.  At home,  I wasn't able to get to sleep due
 to all the caffeine I had drank,  so I stayed up and wrote the poems that are
 included in this issue,  I was finally able to get to sleep at 6:00am, I woke
 up at 8:00am,  only getting two hours sleep,  and stayed in bed  until 9:00am
 trying to get back to sleep,  without success,  I got up, and started writing
 this issue,  which is what I'm doing right now, the caffeine is still hitting
 me hard, my eyelids are wide open and by looking at me you couldn't tell that
 I only got two hours of sleep.  I was thinking about  putting on  some  music
 and dance off this  hyperness that I'm  feeling but I'm  much too  depressed,
 right now,  I'm going to go downstairs and watch some golf on tv,  and see if
 that can make me get a little more sleep, or else, when Monday comes around I
 won't be able to get out of bed.

 I'm back from watching tv, after watching golf, formula one racing,  the Ger-
 man channel and some music videos, I still can't get any sleep, I saw the new
 Prodigy video on TV, "Smack my Bitch up", I doubt that the video will ever be
 shown in the US  due to all the nudity,  sex,  and woman bashing  in it.  The
 Prodigy used  to be my favorite group some three or four years ago,  but now,
 with their new image, they suck big time.

 Ok, returning back to the subject of my night out,  I had a miserable time, I
 regret not staying home,  but the good thing about it is that I got to exper-
 ience it so someday I won't be regretting never have done it, it would proba-
 bly have been better if I was with someone but seeing as I probably won't  be
 having a girlfriend anytime soon, I'll never know.

    Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-


 Section 3: Book Review ³
 ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

 Title: Impossible Vacation
 Author: Spalding Gray
 Category: Fiction - Drama

 Back cover Description:

 Impossible Vacation is the story of a perpetual malcontent who,  in trying to
 recapture the bliss, innocence, and purity of childhood, seems doomed to find
 only the opposite.  Brewster North's last moment of unblemished joy and unme-
 ditated experience came  on a Rhode Island beach at the age of five,  when he
 was transported by a dream of earthly paradise on the island of Bali -  a vi-
 sion he can  neither forget  nor regain.   Fleeing from the memory of his mo-
 ther's suicide - he  was on (an imperfect)  vacation in Mexico at the  time -
 Brewster wanders from  crash pads in New York's East  Village to the  Bhaqwan
 Rajneesh's  sex commune  in India,  and to the beaches  from Provincetown  to
 Santa Cruz.  And though his life continues its inexorable spiral into squalor
 and complexity,  he experiments with such various ways of escape as LSD, Zen,
 acting even girl-watching.  If, at the end of this tragicomic quest, Brewster
 North  achives  at least a measure of  peace and contentment,  it's been well
 earned.   And in this tale of Job-like frustration and haplessness,  Spalding
 Gray has written a novel at once funny, strange, and true.


 My Opinion:

 I bought this  book for a buck fifty  at a book fair,  it was an  interesting
 book which kept me so hooked that I read it in two days.   This has got to be
 the most melancholic  book I've ever read,  depressing as hell,  the type  of
 stuff I love to read.  The story is based around the dissatisfaction of life,
 confusion and madness,  the back cover description gives a better run down of
 the story.  The novel is described as funny,  strange,  and true,  I disagree
 that it's funny,  I can't remember ever reading  anything that could be  dis-
 cribed as funny, strange, yes, definitely, not to mention the raunchiness  of
 some parts. True? Yes, I think it's quite possible to live such a life. Well,
 there you have it,  if your feeling too happy and need something to bring you
 back down to reality, this is definitely a choice book.


    Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-


 Section 4: Lyrics ³
 ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

                                  "It's A Sin"

                          When I look back upon my life
                        It's always with a sense of shame
                        I've always been the one to blame

                           For everything I long to do
                         No matter when or where or who
                          Has one thing in common, too
                             It's a, it's a, it's a
                                   it's a sin
                                   It's a sin

                            Everything I've ever done
                              Everything I ever do
                           Every place I've ever been
                             Everywhere I'm going to
                                   It's a sin

                       At school they taught me how to be
                      So pure in thought and word and deed
                            They didn't quite succeed
                           For everything I long to do
                         No matter when or where or who
                          Has one thing in common, too
                       It's a, it's a, it's a, it's a sin
                                   It's a sin

                            Everything I've ever done
                              Everything I ever do
                           Every place I've ever been
                             Everywhere I'm going to
                                   It's a sin

                               Father, forgive me
                              I tried not to do it
                             Turned over a new leaf
                           Then tore right through it
                             Whatever you taught me
                               I didn't believe it
                   Father, you fought me, 'cause I didn't care
                          And I still don't understand

                           So I look back upon my life
                          Forever with a sense of shame
                        I've always been the one to blame

                           For everything I long to do
                         No matter when or where or who
                          Has one thing in common, too
                       It's a, it's a, it's a, it's a sin
                                   It's a sin

                            Everything I've ever done
                              Everything I ever do
                           Every place I've ever been
                      Everywhere I'm going to - it's a sin

                       It's a, it's a, it's a, it's a sin
                       It's a, it's a, it's a, it's a sin



    Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-


 Section 5: Poetry ³
 ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

 Yes boys and girls,  time for some more cheesy poetry  written by yours truly
 on a sleepless night.

                                   A New World

                         Waiting for the sun to burn out
                           And the moon to drift away
                        Waiting for the stars to fade out
                         And for the arrival of doomsday
                          Hoping for a clean new world
                           Where we can start from new
                        So we can make the same mistakes
                         And mess up that new world too


                               Worthless Opinions

                                I'm like this...
                            This is my philosophy...
                                 I'm, me, my...
                             And no one gives a damn
                       Everyone has got their own problems
                    And everyone's got their own philosophies
                               Write what you must
                               Write what you can
                                 But in the end
                            Yours is just the opinion
                      Of one in a billion insignificant men


                                   Crappy Poet

                          Don't got the writing skills
                             Or the right education
                           Don't got the will to live
                              Nor the determination
                           Don't got an ounce of love
                            Nor any positive emotion
                            I'm just a misplaced kid
                       In the middle of all this commotion

    Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-


 Section 6: Wrap Up ³
 ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

 This issue is about done, I'm working on a  simple web page for  LSE and that
 should be online by the next issue, until then take care everyone...


 Quote of the Day: "Make sure you're always frowning,  it shows the world that
                    you've got substance and depth..."
