
                            Low Self Esteem Issue 24
                            Life is Not Worth Living
                            Written By: Parker Lewis
                                 Apr. 10th, 1998

 ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³                       Issues of LSE can be found at:                      ³
 ³                                                                           ³
 ³                 FTP: FTP.EText.Org/pub/Zines/LowSelfEsteem                ³
 ³                          WWW: Members.Xoom.Com/LSE                        ³
 ³                       Email: Parker_Lewis@HotMail.Com                     ³
 ³                                                                           ³
 ³  If your interested in writing something for LSE, send it in to the email ³
 ³                            address listed above.                          ³
 ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ


 Section 1: Introduction
 Section 2: Dissertation: Why Life is not Worth Living


    Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-


 Section 1: Introduction ³
 ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

 This is a dissertation I  write for my Portuguese class,  of course it was in  
 Portuguese, blah... I have nothing more to say right now, so lets just get on
 with the article.

    Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-


 Section 2: Why Life is not Worth Living ³
 ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

   Life is not worth living.  In this  dissertation I am  faced with the chal-
 lenge of justifying such a statement in which I'll begin by pointing out what
 keeps mankind alive.  Human beings live for various reason, to keep this dis-
 sertation short I'll only be covering the three factors which I consider most
 common,  they are: love, religion and hope.  Once I'm done writhing this dis-
 sertation  I hope to have  successfully stigmatized  these three  factors and 
 thus prove that life is indeed not worth living.

   Allow me to first disparage the emotion  that we call  love and the act  of
 falling in love.  The act of falling  in love is specifically a sex-linked e-
 rotic experience,  we fall in love only  when we are consciously or unconsci-
 ously sexually motivated.  Secondly, the experience of falling in love is in-
 variably temporary.  No matter when we fall in love,  we sooner or later fall
 out of love if the relationship continues long enough,  the feeling of ecsta-
 tic lovingness  that characterizes the experience of  falling in  love always
 passes.  The honeymoon always ends.  The bloom of romance always fades.
   As I mentioned in my previous dissertation,  at a certain stage  in a  per-
 son's life,  the person acknowledge the fact that they are individuals,  con-
 fined to the boundaries of  their flesh and the limits of their  power,  each
 one  a relatively  frail and impotent organism,  existing only by cooperation
 within  a group of fellow  organisms called  society.  Within this group they
 are  not particularly  distinguished,  yet they are isolated  from others  by
 their individual identities, boundaries and limits. It is lonely behind these
 boundaries  and limits,  most of us feel  this loneliness to  be  painful and
 yearn to escape  from behind the walls of our individual identities to a con-
 dition in which we can be more unified with the world  outside  of ourselves.
 The experience of falling  in love allows us this  escape - temporarily.  The
 essence of the phenomenon of falling in love is the merger of an individual's
 identity with that of another person,  it's the release of  oneself from one-
 self, the pouring out of oneself into the beloved and the surcease of loneli-
 ness is experienced by most of us as ecstatic.  We and our  beloved are  one!
 Loneliness is no more!
   Along with  the merging we also  experience the  sense of omnipotence,  all
 things seem possible!  United with our beloved we feel we can conquer all ob-
 stacles.  We believe that the strength of  our love will cause  the forces of
 opposition  to bow down in  submission and melt away into  the darkness.  All
 problems will be overcome.  The future will be  all light.  But sooner or la-
 ter in response  to the problems of daily living,  reality intrudes  upon the
 fantastic unity of the couple.  For example: he wants to have sex;  she does-
 n't.   She wants  to go to the  movies;  he  doesn't.  He  doesn't  like  her
 friends; she doesn't  like his.  So  both of them begin  to privately realize
 that they are not one with the beloved and that the beloved has and will con-
 tinue to have  his or her own desires,  tastes and prejudices  different from
 the other's.  Gradually  or suddenly, they fall out of love.  Once again they
 are two separate individuals.
   The perception that we are loving when we  fall in love is a  false percep-
 tion - it is an illusion.  The only purpose that we have in mind when we fall
 in  love is to  terminate our own  loneliness and  perhaps insure this result
 through marriage.
   When I first started to write this section on love, I stated that love is a
 sex-linked erotic experience,  allow me to now justify this statement.  Fall-
 ing in love is  a genetically determined  instinctual component of mating be-
 havior.  In other words, falling in love is a stereotypic  response of  human
 beings to a configuration of internal sexual drives and external sexual stim-
 uli, which serves to increase the probability  of sexual pairing so as to en-
 hance the survival of the species. In simpler terms, love is a trick that our
 genes pull on our mind to trap us into marriage.
   And so how do some so-called "loving marriages" survive?  It  isn't through
 love, but rather dependency.  After years of marriage,  the couple become in-
 terdependent,  they are each other's parasite, requiring the other individual
 for survival.  There is  no choice or freedom  involved in the  relationship,
 each of the individuals in  this  type of marriage  seeks to increase  rather
 than diminish mutual dependency so as to make  the marriage more  rather then
 less a trap.  By so doing in the name of what they call love but what is rea-
 lly dependency, they diminish their own and each other's freedom and stature.
 Through such behavior,  these marriages  may be lasting and secure,  but they
 cannot be  considered either healthy or genuinely loving because the security
 is purchased at the price  of freedom and the relationship serves only to re-
 tard or destroy the growth of the individual partners.  Dependency may appear
 to be love because it is  a force that causes people to fiercely attach them-
 selves to one another.  But in reality it is not love;  it is a form of anti-
 love.  It seeks to receive  rather than to give and it works to trap and con-
 strict rather than to liberate.
   And so, we can conclude that love is an illusion, a trap to ensure the sur-
 vival of the human race,  it has it's origin in sexual desire, the ecstasy of
 love is always short lived and the end result is always disillusion.

   I'll now be turning  my attention towards the  second topic of my disserta-
 tion - religion.  My  inveigh will be  primarily directed towards  the belief
 that most world religions hold of an "immortal" soul,  this is the topic that
 is of most  interest pertaining to  the general  theme of this  dissertation.
   Man has  always had a fear of death,  religion has as one of it's functions
 to solace this fear,  it does this by postulating that when the physical body
 dies,  the soul remains alive and is carried off to a new dimension or state,
 where it resides perpetually or  temporarily  until it  is once again  trans-
 ported back to the physical  universe and is again reborn into a new physical
 body.  This belief in an  immortal soul is yet another  illusion that  humans
 cast upon themselves.  A religion which propagates a belief in immortality is
 propagating a dishonest  belief for which there is  no evidence.  Immortality
 is a simple superstition that has  it's origin in the human wish to live for-
 ever.  It's  illogical and cannot be  proven within the realms of  reason and
 science.  Is it really wise to believe and  to live a life based  on such  an
 improbable occurrence?  Speaking from a realist's point of view: when we die,
 there is no Heaven,  no Purgatory,  no Hell and no light at the end of a tun-
 nel, there is only oblivion and nothingness.  As morbid as this statement may
 sound,  it is more rational and probable than a  Heaven where your greeted by
 your long-dead grampa Joe and "live" forever in rapture in God's kingdom.  It
 all just sounds too unreal.

   Advancing along to the third factor that gives  man the will to continue to
 subsist  - hope.   Hope,  anticipation,  expectation,  aspirations,  desires,
 longings  and wishes only  lead to disappointment,  the succession  of disap-
 pointments only lead to hopelessness and despair which in turn guides the way
 towards melancholia.  So the more you hope and wish for the more likely it is
 that you'll get nothing but disappointment.

   And there you have it,  love is an illusion,  immortality is improbable and
 hope is  disappointment.  Having  finished  refuting  the fallacies of  these
 three factors I'll finish up this dissertation with my thoughts on existence.
 We're all the living dead.   We have lost the present.  A lot of people don't
 have a concrete notion of what the present is.  The present,  technically, is
 a small quantity of time, almost infinitely small. It's like a dot on a line,
 it represents a space infinitely small.  The "now",  the instant  that I live
 in the present, bridging the past and the future is just as small as a dot on
 a line.  It's  true that we always  live in the present,  but just now,  as I
 wrote that, millions of these instants flew by, unnoticed, untouched, forgot-
 ten already.  No recognition from  us that they even  existed.  They're gone.
   What does  life matter?  It's  so trivial.  Our lives  pass by so fast,  so
 quickly become the past, that we don't get a chance to really stop and watch.
 We don't even have the time to stop and realize what's passing by,  it's hap-
 pening so fast.   Every single second  that passes by,  we're a  million more
 'presents' closer to death.  And look at  the way we waste all these precious
 moments.  We spent the first stage of our lives seeking  acceptance from oth-
 ers, the second stage of our lives are wasted sustaining a life and trying to
 find some meaning to it,  while the third  and final stage  of our  lives  is
 spent feeling useless, regretful and disillusioned.  How do we call this liv-
 ing?  Existence is senseless and thus not worth living.

References: The Road less Traveled
            DTO

