
                           Low Self Esteem Issue 17
                             "Mixed Up Issue #1"
                           Written By: Parker Lewis
                               Sep. 19th, 1997

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³                       Issues of LSE can be found at:                      ³
³                                                                           ³
³                 FTP: FTP.EText.Org/pub/Zines/LowSelfEsteem                ³
³                 WWW: WWW.GeoCities.Com/SouthBeach/3640/                   ³
³                 Usenet: Alt.Life.Sucks & Alt.Depression                   ³
³                 Email: Parker_Lewis@HotMail.Com                           ³
³                                                                           ³
³ If your interested in writting something for LSE, send it in to the email ³
³                           address listed above.                           ³
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

Disclaimer: LSE contains subject matter which may offend some people, LSE may
also cause depression,  disorientation and suicidal tendencies, continue rea-
ding at your own will.

Damn,  this issue was supposed to be released in June, it's September, begin-
ning of a new school year, and in this issue I'm talking about the end of the
last school year,  how I wish I could turn back time.   I'm back from my trip
to Canada,  I had a great time, unfortunatly I'm back in Shitland,  Portugal,
and  it's back to  the old bullshit once again,  I feel that this  will be my
last year in this shit country,  I'm going back  to Canada next year,  I just
can't stand it any longer here,  Canada isn't exactly the "promised land" but
it beats Portugal by a landslide.   Contrary to the title  of the second last
section,  this issue has been closed in Ponta Del-shit-gada, Portugal not To-
ronto.


Section 1: Rantings
Section 2: Scribbled Piece of Paper
Section 3: The Most Depressed Person in the World
Section 4: Music for Depressed People
Section 5: Numerolegy
Section 6: Another Year Down the Toilet
Section 7: Closing it in Toronto


   Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-


Section 1: Ranting for no Reason ³ 
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

... what to say? .....
I never know...
I shouldn't care...
But I do...
Shit!  Why?
I was cursed with emotions...
Forced to have to adapt to their society...
their way of life...
It's just too difficult for me
I am not able to be the same
Everything I do and feel is different...
for all I know, I'm probably not human...
I feel so uncomplete...

Whining won't get me nowhere..
Why do I keep on whining?
it's not as if anyone cares...
I don't really care myself..
I don't want any sympathy.
that's not what i look for.
what is my objective?
don't know...I k
fucken confusion!

fuck!  I don't think anyone can help me
i'm a lost case
i don't care about anything
hopefully the end of the world will soon arrive.
I'm too chicken to commit suicide
I'm too chicken to continue living...
i'm trapped in this hell called life
and theres nothing i can do about it
i just have to suffer.
and suffer
and suffer some more.
and keep on suffering until i die.

I'll just close my eyes and hope that it goes by quickly
and hope that when i die I won't have to return to being a human again

fuck!  i'm so pathetic!
if your ever feeling bad
and thinking that nobody can feel what your feeling
think again...........
I feel it, I feel it times 3

rtfgx
hfgh
ddfh
gfdgh
fgh
dfgh
gfh
fgdfdg
fdgh
fgh
fgh

dfghfdgh
fgh

fhdfdghfdgh

                                  * 3
                                  * 3
                                  * 3
                                  * 3

I hate my life * 3
I hate myself * 3
I hate this world * 3
I hate everything * 3

To much "whine" isn't good for you   <-- cheap attempt at sadistic humour :)


   Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-


Section 2: Scribbled Piece of Paper ³ 
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

"this is my life"
<I'm shown a piece of paper with scribbles on it>
"you probably wouldn't understand" she said
I looked at the scibbled piece of paper.
Then I look at the girl.
she didn't have any characteristics of a LSEr, she was a nice looking girl,
with lots of friend, what problems could she possibly have.
"So why do you compare your life to a bunch of scribbles?" I asked.
"My parents never let me go out with my friends" was her reply
Geez, she can't go out with her friends, now heres a girl with serious
problems
I handed her the piece of paper
I left grinning, then I laughed out loud......
Guess I'm not the most pathetic person after all...


   Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-


Section 3: The Most Depressed Person in the World ³ 
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

Although it would seem  that I would probably like reading and writing messa-
ges on newsgroups like ALT.LIFE.SUCKS,  and talking to people  on  depressing
channels on IRC, I don't.  You see, I'm not good at anything, everything that
I do,  someone does it better,  I like to think of my depression as something
that sets me apart from everyone else,  to feel emotions that no one else has
the slightest knowledge of, I'd like to think of myself as the most depressed
person in the world,  when I go to ALT.LIFE.SUCKS or #depressed on IRC, I see
lots of people who are the same as me,  I start to feel disoriented, not only
am I not the best in everything else I do, I'm also not the best at being de-
pressed,  instead of being different than everyone else,  I find out that I'm
the same,  damn,  you just can't imagine how much this  disvalues my life.  I
know this sounds really stupid, but it's one of my biggest flaws, I'm jealous
of other depressed people! I want all depression to be mine. I want to be the
most depressed person in the World!


   Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-


Section 4: Music for the Depressed ³ 
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

I'll be reviewing some CDs,  which I think LSErs would enjoy, I can't guaran-
tee (sp?)  that everyone will  like the music,  since everyone has  different
tastes in music.


Pet Shop Boys - Introspective

This one is a bit of an  oldie but remains one of  my favorites,  good lyrics
and good beats,  mostly  electronic synths and  beatboxes are used,  but some
acoustic guitars appear in "Domino Dancing".   Songs about loneliness,  unan-
swered love amongst other things.


Pet Shop Boys - Very

Another great album from the Pet Shop Boys, songs of hope, love,  liberation,
and destiny, it's a great album, I highly recommend it.

Pure Moods (compilation)

A  good mix of soothing songs to relax to,  includes songs from Enigma,  Mike
Oldfield,  DJ Dado, Jean Michele Jarre, etc.   A great album if your into New
Age.

Enigma - MCMXC a.D

Enigma's first album, has 3 different version of the early 90's hit "Sadness"
as well as "Mea Culpa".   The sound consists of electronic bass beats, synths
and some cool native-type flutes as well as some other samples, there is also
some  singing (alot of it in French).   The album  is a masterpiece,  once  I
first heard it,  I became hooked on Enigma, it's a really great album to lis-
ten to when your feeling down,  it also has some inspiring songs like  "River
of Belief".

Enigma - Cross of Change

Enigma's second album and my favorite of their 3 albums.   Includes the  pop-
ular "Return to Innocence" as well a song from the movie "Sliver".  The songs
are sad and depressing, I love it.   Songs about loneliness, being your self,
destiny, etc.  A great CD to ease the mind and the soul.


Enigma - Le Roi Est Mort, vive le roi!

Enigma's most recent CD, released early in 1997. It's a good CD, but it's the
one I like less from the 3.   This album has more vocals than the previous 2,
but I didn't feel that it had the same emotion,  but it's still a good  album
which I enjoy.


Moby - Ambient

For those of you who are into underground techno,  will know what ambient is,
it's smooth,  relaxing, techno music.  I particularly like this CD cause Moby
doesn't use too many bass beats, mostly beatless ambient soundscapes.  I like
to  listen to this  CD while  I'm studying,  since it isn't too  distracting,
there isn't any vocals,  just pure 100% electro-rhythems.  It's a great album
to listen to while your in the dark, it's really soothing.


Aztec Camera - Frestonia

When I first bought this CD,  I was expecting to get an ambient CD, the cover
has a guy in a forest chilling out.   What I got was a totally different type
of CD.  The style is electro - mellow rock, with guitars, pianos,  synths and
drums.   What makes the CD really good are the lyrics,  which express lots of
emotion and experience.   The music is easy listening and relaxing, my favor-
ite song from the CD is "On the Avenue".


   Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-


Section 5: Numerolegy ³ 
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

I'll be going a bit off-theme here, but who cares, you might find this inter-
esting.  In ancient times, the art of numerolegy was highly regarded.  People
believed that numbers held  some hidden knowledge about the world,  that they
could reveal the future or concealed aspects of a person's character.

  Numerology originated among the Jews of biblical times and among mathemati-
cians of ancient Greece.   Those who practice it  today use what is known  as
the Hebrew system, in which each letter is assigned to a number between 1 and
8:

     +-------------------------------+
     | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 |
     |---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
     | A | B | C | D | E | U | O | F |
     | I | K | G | M | H | V | Z | P |
     | Q | R | L | T | N | W |   |   |
     | J |   | S |   |   | X |   |   |
     | Y |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |
     +-------------------------------+

  To find the number associated with a word, the numbers corresponding to the
letters  are added together,  Each time the resulting  number is more than 9,
the two digits are added together.  For example,  if the total is 15, 1 and 5
are then added together to give 6.

  According the numerologists, each number between 1 and 9 has its own signi-
ficance.  The number one signifies dominance and leadership; two, gentleness,
kindness, and lack of ambition.  Three is the most "extrovert" number, denot-
ing intelligence, creativity, and wit.   Four is the number of fairness,  or-
ganization, dependability, and attention to detail.  Five is brilliance, cle-
verness,  and impatience.   Six is perhaps the "happiest" number,  signifying
tranquility,  balance, loyalty, sincerity,  and conscientiousness.   Seven is
the  number  of the loner,  the  philosopher,  the mystic.  Eight  represents
worldly success - and egocentricity.  Nine stands for the height of intellec-
tual and spiritual achievement.

  Numerologists believe that  when this system is applied to an  individual's
full name, it reveals the true nature of the personality, the characteristics
that influence  decisions taken throughout life.   Applied to a nickname,  it
indicates what other people think of the individual.   And if a married woman
compares the  number of her maiden  and married names,  she can find out  how
marriage  has changed her.   Finally, the sum of the numbers corresponding to
consonants,  called the personality number,  indicates the impression made on
others;  the sum of the numbers corresponding to vowels, the heart number, is
a measure of inner characcter.

  Numerologists believe  that individuals should apply their  personal number
in every aspect of life.   People whose number is 6, for example,  should ar-
range to make difficult  decisions or perform important  tasks on days of the
month that also add up to 6: the 6th,  the 15th, and the 24th.   People whose
name add up to 8  should make sure they eat oranges - or  any other food that
adds up to 8.   Numerology can be  applied to dates as well as to names.   It
gives an indicationof what will happen on a particular date or in  a particu-
lar year.  For example, the digits of 1988 add up to 26,  and 2 plus 6 equals
8 - which  suggests that  the year 1988  is one of success and  good fortune.

                              Reference: Facts & Fallacies - Reader's Digest

  Whether this system works or not,  is uncertain, for example,  when I added
up all the  numbers in my complete name I got 1,  (dominance and leadership),
I think of myself more  of a 2 (gentleness, kindnees and lack of ambition) or
a 7 (the number of the loner,  philosopher or mystic).   Even when applied to
just my first name, or nickname I never got 2 or 6, which dimishes my believe
in this system.

  Another system I read about,  says to add up  all the numbers that make  up
your birthday and keep adding the result until you have a single digit number
example:  01/30/1978 = 1 + 30 + 1978 = 2009 = 2 + 9 = 11 = 1 + 1 = 2,  in the
example above, when I added up my birthdate numbers I got 2 as the final num-
ber (gentleness,  kindness,  and lack of ambition), which better describes me
in comparison with the result I got from the first system.

  I can't say if either one of these systems actually works, or which is more
accurate,  and at any rate,  do your really need numerolegy  to tell you what
kind of person you are?  


   Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-


Section 6: Another Year Down the Toilet ³ 
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

Another school year has ended,  and a whole  shitload of hard  work has  gone
down the toilet. I failed once again.   This year,  dispite all my effort and
hardwork,  I failed math, physics and portuguese.   I spent atleast 3 hours a
day studying,  sometimes skipping lunch and recess  to make sure I  completed
the  3  hour a day study sessions  I had set for  myself.   I would walk into
tests  feeling confident that  I knew everything,  and walk out feeling  like
shit and knowing nothing.


   Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-


Section 7: Closing it in Toronto ³ 
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

This last section has been written in Toronto,  Canada, I've been here for a-
bout 24 hours, as you might expect,  there are alot of different things here,
compared to Portugal, maybe I'll write a comparison of the two countries in a
future issue.  That's all for another shitty edition of LSE, remember: Happy-
ness doesn't last forever, depression will never abandon you.


              Quote of the Day: "Geez... this issue sucked..."



