
                            Low Self Esteem Issue 25
                     Thoughts on Low Self Esteem and Suicide
                            Written By : Parker Lewis
                                 June 10th, 1998

 ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³                       Issues of LSE can be found at:                      ³
 ³                                                                           ³
 ³                 FTP: FTP.EText.Org/pub/Zines/LowSelfEsteem                ³
 ³                          WWW: Members.Xoom.Com/LSE                        ³
 ³                       Email: Parker_Lewis@HotMail.Com                     ³
 ³                                                                           ³
 ³  If your interested in writing something for LSE, send it in to the email ³
 ³                            address listed above.                          ³
 ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

     (This file is formatted to be viewed with DOS's MORE or EDIT command)

    Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-


  My fellow LSErs,  after a couple of months of being inactive in writing  for
this  "zine" (mostly due to  being  occupied in  futile study,  trying to  get
decent  grades  which I deserve  but never  get,) I'm  back,  and with  school
finished for the summer I hope to be publishing some more articles. This issue
will pretty much follow the same basic unorganized structure as past issues of
LSE, in which I rant and rave about topics which are of little interest to the
general  populace but (hopefully) are of  some meaning to a  small minority of
people.  I know that there are people disseminated through out the world which
live a similar existence as I, who conceptualize and possess the same emotions
as I do, these are the targeted readers of LSE.  They are the discontents, the
melancholics, the dejected, the dishearted, the hopeless, the low-spirited. We
are the people  who have tasted nothing but the  bitter sediments of life.  We
are other  people's crapshovelers  and the target of their gibe,  we are thus,
not because we deserve to be but because we are different.  We are seen by the
greater part of the populace as pitiful,  outlandish and unattractive, and for
these  reasons,  they treat us with  their worst enmity.  We are insensitively
kept from  living a happy unburdened life,  which all humans deserve  to live.
Day in and day out, we endure their wanton harassements, and at end of the day
all that we desire is death,  for every ounce of hope for  happyness has  long
been extracted from our souls from their repeated attacks and all that remains
is this earthly, pathetic corpse which we lug around.  This same body, stigma-
tized  as unnatural  and grotesque by  the egocentrical  attackers,  begins to
become  a burden upon us  and it's at  this point that  we begin to  hate our-
selves, we cut ourselves with razors and commit other acts of self-punishment,
anything to divert our  attention from the  emotional hurt  which we feel,  at
this point,  our body has no value,  and whatever happens  to it is of  little
significance to us. The epoch of self-hatred is reached when we finally commit
suicide and  terminate the existence of our body.  The living corpse  is now a
real corpse, the harassment ceases because it's target exists no longer.

Suicide  is seen by most  as an irrational and  unresolving action  towards  a
calamity which  could have been resolved through other methods,  but let these
people go through what most of  us have endured throughout most of  our lives,
chances are that in the end, suicide won't seem so irrational to them anymore.

To those who think of suicide as irrational or as a cop-out, allow me to share
with these people our view of suicide  so as to maybe shed a little light into
their  conscienceness of  what goes  through  our heads  when  we  contemplate
suicide  and why for many  of us,  it is the only answer.  What follows is  my
subjective view of suicide,  I don't expect it to coincide exactly to everyone
else's  since everybody has  differen t individual particularities  which  set
their motives for suicide  apart from everyone else's,  but as the philosopher
Willam Godwin once wrote in his introduction of  "Thoughts on Man, His Nature,
Productions and Discoveries",  "the analysis of  an individual may often stand
for the  analysis of a group or a species,  so as I present my  perspective on
this subject,  I shall probably at the same time be describing the perspective
of no inconsiderable number of my fellow-beings". [1]

Here's my perspective:  After countless  assaults upon our  dignity and  self-
esteem  we have no  other option then to  accept society's  view of  us,  even
though  we  consciencely  know that  we are of much  greater  worth than  what
society has projected upon us.

At first glance,  a person will primarily perceive, prejudge and assess to you
a value  based solely upon your looks.  These are the visibl e aspects of your
character  as perceived by others.  Further judgment is set upon you  based on
your demeanor and personality.  In this second "phase" of judgment your judged
by your actions.  Your "value" or "worth" in society may either be promoted if
your personable or debased if your gauche, lacking social grace or charm. This
second judgment explains  why some unattractive people  are socially accepted.
If  a person received  little or no value from  the initial and  the secondary
judgment  they are  most likely  to be  marked and placed in the  lower under-
privileged strata of the social hierarchy. There is however a possibility of a
social uplift  even after being socially outcast,  but only if the  individual
makes  up for  their lack of good looks  and social grace with  distinguishing
intelligence or a natural faculty in artistic expression.  But let's be  real-
istic,  very few of us who haven't  passed  the primary or  secondary judgment
are seldom bestowed with the above mentioned social distinguishing factors. We
were either defeated early on by society, making the proper development of our
intellect a  difficult or a seemingly unworthwhile task,  or we arrive  at the
conclusion  that we never possessed anything special and never will,  that our
existence  is  insignificant  and  whether  alive  or dead,  society  sees  us
indifferently. Confronted with this social indifference towards our existence,
the  continued daily bombardment of harassment and  mockery against our  self-
esteem,  the confusion of the chaotic life that society expects us to live and
how  indefensible and  unprepared we are for  such an undertaking.  Faced with
such  a predicament the  prospect of  death or non-existence  seems much  more
appealing.

The dilemma is divided thus: continue living an unhappy, insignificant life or
cease to exist,  ending all emotional turmoil,  and disappearing  from a world
which never wanted you in the first place. This is the dilemma a lot of us are
confronted  with at a certain point of our lives,  it can be early on  in  the
teen  years but  most probable  it will occur  with the passing  of age,  when
youth, strength and all the romance of adolescent illusions have withered away
with age.

Hitherto,  I have only described a few causes  which  leads some of us  to the
adoption  of suicide as a  resolution.  Although low self-esteem or  low self-
complacency  is in many  cases a  precursor to suicide,  it is but one  of the
unnumbered  reasons  which leads  a person to suicide.  My discussion on  this
topic is far from being concluded, I would still like to discuss other factors
leading to suicide such as martyrdom,  the inability to satisfy  high expecta-
tions,  the deterioration  of romantic or  other intimate  relationships,  the
deterioration  in circumstances  at work or the loss  of one's job,  mental or
physical degeneration,  excessive guilt,  or the inability  to cope or find  a
resolution  towards an abrupt calamity,  but these other  factors will  remain
uninterpreted for the time being,  and will be subject to further  analysis in
future  issues  of LSE.  For  the present  time  though,  I'd like to  turn my
attention from this morose topic onto something more light-hearted.


    Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-


                       Being Trendy - A Mini-Users Guide


In our present  superficial society where  you are judged by how you look  and
how you act, it is of primary importance that you follow certain principals in
regard to  your appearance  and demeanor.  Such principals are  based on ever-
evolving  trends.  Trends are adopted  into standards,  and failure  to follow
these  standards  or conformities will  get you imputed  as being  unbecoming,
unfashionable  and unworthy of  any social acceptance.  Whereas  going  beyond
these social  conformities  or rejecting  them completely in  favor of a  more
individualistic sentiment-based  and creative method  of self-expression  will
most  likely  get  you branded as  arrogant  and you'll  be looked  upon  with
contempt.  Hereupon,  we can elaborate a checklist of items in which one is to
follow so as to be an equal in the loftier ranks of the social hierarchy:

 * follow the trends
 * look the way others look
 * act the way others act
 * think the way others think
 * never express any opinion challenging the social conformity
 * never express individuality or creativity
 * and never associate yourself with someone who does not conform to the
   social standards.


    Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-


                                   This Issue

At the time in which  I wrote these articles I  was heavily into  reading 19th
century  literature and  got a little caught up in it,  that's why you see the
use of all  those "expensive" words in these articles,  which I wouldn't  nor-
mally use.  I apologize to  all the readers who prefer  the usual no-nonsense,
straight-forward flow of the normal LSE.  As of the next issue,  I'll drop the
intellectual crap and get back to the basics.  Peace out..

                                                               -- Park


    Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-


                                   References

[1] Thoughts on Man, his Nature, Productions and Discoveries, by William
    Godwin (quote manipulated)

