
                            Low Self Esteem Issue 22
                                My Depression...
                                Written By Sarah
                                  Feb. 12 1997

 ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³                       Issues of LSE can be found at:                      ³
 ³                                                                           ³
 ³                 FTP: FTP.EText.Org/pub/Zines/LowSelfEsteem                ³
 ³                  WWW:  WWW.GeoCities.Com/SouthBeach/3640/                 ³
 ³                            Members.Xoom.Com/LSE                           ³
 ³                       Email: Parker_Lewis@HotMail.Com                     ³
 ³                                                                           ³
 ³  If your interested in writing something for LSE, send it in to the email ³
 ³                            address listed above.                          ³
 ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ


   This issue of LSE is going to be about my own experiences I've had with de-
 pression. I think I've probably had more experience with depression than most
 people my age (almost 16),  so I guess I'll  start at the  beginning and tell
 you about how my depression is progressing as I get older.

 When I  was in elementary school,  I was always the kid getting picked on.  I
 was the kid nobody liked and I was always  playing alone at recess.   I had a
 few friends,  but we weren't  that close.  I was lonely a lot,  but it didn't
 bother me much back then.  After getting picked on,  I'd go home feeling very
 sad, but most of the time I'd forget about it by the next day.

 All the harassment really didn't  bother me much until the  5th or 6th grade.
 I think  that's because everyone was  older and knew even meaner things to do
 and say. I can still remember a lot of the awful stuff that happened in those
 years.  I got my first small taste of depression when I was about 11. I would
 feel  really bad at night and  have trouble falling asleep.  It would be gone
 the next day though,  because I still had hope  that things would get better.
 But I was harassed again and again. It never stopped.

 At the  end of 6th grade (June 1993) I was  very happy because  I knew I'd be
 starting  Junior  High  and  I thought everything  would get better then.   I
 thought I'd  make tons of  new friends  and people would like me.  I was very
 hopeful.  I started Junior High in September 1993 and it was the worst exper-
 ience I had ever had.  All the new kids who met me hated me,  and my very few
 old friends abandoned me.   They thought they were too cool to hang around me
 now. They had made a lot of cool new friends. So I was all alone except for a
 few friends who talked to me now and then.  And the harassment was worse than
 I ever thought it would be! I didn't go through a day without being harassed.
 One  day I  decided to count how many different times  I was harassed,  and I
 counted 25.. and that was before lunch!  I stopped counting after that.  That
 was an average day for me.

 So in the  7th and 8th grade my  depression really started to set in.  My mom
 even  commented that I  never smiled anymore.  I thought about suicide a lot.
 The harassment never stopped.  The other kids were always  thinking of meaner
 things to do and say to me.  I was never happy unless I  knew I wouldn't have
 to go to school for awhile.

 There  is something that  I have to mention that really  helped my depression
 set in permanently.  There was this boy named Kenny who I really liked a lot.
 I think I loved him. I had liked him for 2 years, and he was finally starting
 to return my feelings.  He'd be so nice to me,  he'd put his arms  around me.
 This went on for a few months (April - July 1995) and  it was practically the
 only thing that gave me hope . Well, one day, all of a sudden,  Kenny slapped
 me in the  face very very hard.  So hard I could hear  this weird noise in my
 head.  It's hard to describe what  the noise was like.  It was kind  of  high
 pitched, almost screeching. He told me that he never wanted to see me or talk
 to me again.  And to  this day I don't  know the reason he did that.  I'm not
 sure what the exact date of that horrible day was. I think it was around July
 15, 1995. I always feel really sad around that date. This year marked the two
 year anniversary of the most depressing thing that has ever happened to me so
 far.  After that incident  I really had little hope  left for boys and didn't
 even hope to get a boyfriend. I knew that was something that would never hap-
 pen to me. I wasn't good enough for that.

 I still had a little teeny bit of hope left for High School.  I thought there
 was  a chance that  everything would go great.  I was definitely wrong.  High
 School is just  as bad a  Junior High,  and my depression is  now worse  than
 ever.

 All the harassment has affected my mind.  I can't enjoy anything  that I used
 to.  Things like beautiful summer days and holidays like Christmas and Valen-
 tine's Day depress me. I now prefer the nighttime and the only holiday I like
 is Halloween.  All the harassment I've gotten in my life has turned me into a
 person  who is very  dark on the inside.  I don't want  to be this  way,  but
 there's nothing I can do.

 Little things depress me too.  I can't watch a romantic  movie or listen to a
 love song  without feeling depressed.  I'd rather watch a horror  movie about
 people being killed.  I've realized that I'm slowly turning into some kind of
 sicko.  I laugh more during bloody horror movies than I laugh at comedies.  I
 feel happy inside when an ambulance or police car drives by me. Some day I'll
 probably kill someone and end up in prison.  I also can't  be the kind  sweet
 person  I want to be.  I can't get close to  people because I'm suspicious of
 everyone  and don't trust anybody.  I always know they  will do something  to
 hurt me,  and I'm usually right.  I want to be sweet to people,  but I  can't
 because  I'm afraid  I'll get a bad reaction from them.  So I don't even try.

 I think I'm losing the ability to love someone.  From all the horrible things
 that have happened to me  I've become afraid to love people.  Whenever I love
 someone they usually hurt me.  And it hurts even more to be hurt by someone I
 love.  Lately I've noticed that I don't love very many people, even if I want
 to love them.  My soul is probably tired of  being hurt so much so it stopped
 loving people. In a way that's good because I won't be hurt as bad.  But it's
 also bad because  if I ever find someone who  loves me it's going to  be very
 hard for me to love them back.

 During the past year (1997) I've had three boyfriends,  and they all hurt me.
 I'll call the  first one Chris (so no one will  feel offended that  they went
 out with me, I won't use the real names.) I fell head over heels in love with
 Chris.  Then he told me that  he was gay and left me for another guy.  Then I
 went out with Peter.  Peter just lost interest in me and stopped calling.  My
 last boyfriend was Jon. I was more in love with Jon then I've ever been in my
 life.  Then Jon just stopped calling me too.  That hurt me  almost as much as
 losing Kenny, if not just as much.

 Right now I'm so depressed I don't think I'll ever be able to love again. Not
 like any boy would actually want to go out with me. Each time I'm hurt, I be-
 come more depressed.

 Valentine's Day is coming up and I'm dateless again. Big surprise, huh? I was
 just reading the Valentine's text that  I wrote last year and I can still de-
 finitely relate to it.

 Well I'm going to stop writing now, I know I'm boring you!


                                                    -- Sarah AKA Feia

