                               Souls In Chaos Ver 3.00
                                    Created by Xar
                                  Copyright 1995 Xar



Disclaimer : Go and read Souls in Chaos  Ver  2.00


It looks like one of our readers wanted a table of contents , fuck for a
two bit zine like mine I am supposed to make a table of contents yeah
sure no problem , so to satisfy her body I will make a table of
contents.


Table of Contents
-----------------------
Topic							Page

Souls In Chaos 						1


God how much better Souls in Chaos looks like now , shit it even looks
better than some of the other zines I read , do any one of you actually
think I read Souls in Chaos  ? I don't , I just type the damm thing and
send it off to you sorry fucks who have nothing better to do than read
shit like this.

Actually this is not going to be an issue , I have decided that SIC is
going to have a new issue about once in two weeks , so this is just a
issue in which I have to tell you about a few insignificant points that
may change the look and feel of SIC ( I know you dicks jerk off with
this zine on the screen).


HEADLINE NEWS

" In a shocking announcement Xar the creator of Souls in Chaos decided
to send out Version 3 , the united nations security council have
gathered in an emergency session to discuss measures that must me taken
to ensure the mental stability of the worlds population"

"and in other world news Aliens were found on Mars "


OK here goes , these are a few changes that may take place in Souls Of
Chaos over the next few weeks , months , years , decades , eons ( you
get the point it may happen at any time ) that is if the world does not
end , or the worlds population doubles because the condom makers decided
to stop making condoms.

1) SIC is going to become a zine that will have more than one issue a
year ( see I told you so )

2) I need a fucking site to distribute this zine , if you are reading a
   copy of this then you either got it from someone or you are on my
   mailing list , either way I need a site to distribute this zine of
   mine ( hmm that rhymes) , so if you know of any site that will
   accept zines like this then send me mail at xar@icon.net .

3) SIC was supposed to have some stuff done by a guy I know in this
   issue but his server fucked up big time so he could not get it to me
   , hopefully in the next issue will have his work

4) I got quite a few requests for graphics in this program , now I have
   a problem , ASCII text cant support graphics , I want to include
   graphics in souls in chaos soon but in what file format dicks, so
   look at the list below and send me mail telling me which format you
   want , I will distribute SIC in ASCII and the two other formats that
   have the most  requests for.

   Send your choice to xar@icon.net with the subject set to " FORMAT
   CHOICE" and the message body telling me what format you want , and
   don't say paper , I fucking cant send paper down the modem.

                InfoDisp : Cool because I did the code for this program
                , supports 256 color ( or colour as the brits would
                spell it ) pictures , only problem is that the code
                don't work too well with all vga cards and I need about
                a month to find all the specs on common cards. Requires
                640K ram and a vga card.

                Wicked Help File Format : ( What's Wicked ?? read SIC
                2.00 ) cool , common and easy to use , I tend to favor
                this format , but no SVGA graphics in it :( and it don't
                work on non wicked computers.

                RTF :  (Rich Text Format) , Most systems , OK graphics
                on some systems , but a bitch to do cool stuff in.

                HTML : Ahhh very cool , but you need WWW to have a look
                at them.

If you know of a file format that I did not list then send me info about
it and tell me where I can get the programs to create the file format  ,
and I will have a look at it , so send me your answer's soon because I
need time to change my file filters etc.


5) Submissions  yeah you can send me the stuff you think is good enough
   to put into the next issue of  SIC our standards are very high ,
   mainly I will accept any thing about sex , money  and shit that is
   too stupid to be put in other zines. Send the stuff to  xar@icon.net
   with the subject  set to "SIC IS GOD" and kill a cat so that your
   submission will be considered.


One more thing , SIC soon will be available on the WWW ,  the place is
called the Temple of The Dark Lord , got quite a few good things on it
if I may say so , when the site goes up I will send you mail , so check
it out , and become one with the Dark Lord.


I have only one chant  for you , one that burns my soul , one that makes
my eyes see the lies , in this world we are meant to be hurt , burnt and
killed , so if you suffer you suffer with me , maybe in death we may
find our destiny. 

This is I
------------

I have hurt so much that I no longer feel the pain
The tears of blood no longer flow down my face
My eyes look into the void and all I see is death
Questions I ask the lord
Nothing but laughter do I get from above
Could it be I was always wrong
Could it be I am always second
Could it be that I was supposed to suffer
In this life of mine there remains no hope 
All the things that I had have left me
I have only one to call my own
My pain
At least I have that
That was only thing that has not left me
It was given 
Like it was a gift from the god above
I thank you for giving me the pain
To let me see the lies
Its better this way the end is not so bitter
The end of hope , that I once had
The end of freedom , of my mind
The end of life , that I once lived
In the end remember pain is you only friend
Its there when you are alone
Its there when you are sad
Its the only thing you can count on 
To be with you when your life ends




On wings of darkness and the souls of the old behind him  , into the
void we will travel ,Hail , for the Dark Lord has returned to his
rightful place , this accursed world of ours will once more be in the
realms of the Dark Lord , Hail , Hail , Hail



Until we meet in glory                                        Xar










		



