                                Souls In Chaos
                Version 5.00 + .99 + .01 ( Just checking if you can add )
                                Copyright 1996 Xar


The standard disclaimer : Souls in Chaos and Xar are not responsible for
any damage to your mind , soul or sex organs while reading , down
loading or printing and issue of Souls In Chaos, If you get your dick
stuck in the laser printer drum while you are printing this is not my
fucking fault is it ?? ... I am the rest of the world are also not
responsible for any shit that happens in your life ..nor am I
responsible if your dog barfs to death after you feed it with generic
brand dog chow ( Note the FDA recommends 16% rat droppings and 12% dead
mashed flies for this kind of dog food). Don't blame if you brand new
computer dies out on you when you load up Souls In Chaos or if you cat
decides to practice driving for the 1996 summer games in your pool. If
you fuck up its your fucking fault not mine .. now lets get on with this
issue of Souls In Chaos.

Well Souls In Chaos is back , yup the reason why I could not come up
with another issue is because I barfed all over my keyboard so the keys
stuck and I could not afford to buy one, come to think of it do you pay
me for writing this shit ... think long and hard..do you huh ? huh ? huh
? ( god now you know the kind of influence my girlfriend has on me ,
fuck I am starting to sound like her now , tell you what I want all my
loyal readers to eat a dozen rotten eggs and drink a gallon of milk and
go and barf on her ... now look what you have done ...you don't have a
corn dog you have a barf bitch..hmm hope she don't read this, if she
dumps me its all your fault)

OK enough of this shit lets get serious what great question will I
answer in this issue ?? Stupid WWW pages ... yuppers ..why do sorry
fucks spend like 100 years trying to tell the whole world of their
stupid lives ????

The typical newbie homepage ... yeah I did see something like this on
the web , 

DickSuckers HomePage

Hi my name is Dick Sucker , I study in the Dumb Fuck Univ. , This is my
homepage its still under construction. My major is how to be a normal
human and how to waste server bandwidth, stop by from time to time, love
your visits.

Here are some of my fav links

Dumb Fuck Univ. Homepage ( This is my fav )
My even dumber stupid ass friends homepage 

This page has had 0000000001 hits from 1/1/95


Yup people this is the kind of shit you find on Univ. students homepages
that you see around the net, and these people actually expect me to
visit their page again ...I mean other than your page being a total
waste of your time, my WWW program feels sad when it loads your page up.

God you cruel fuckers,  you waste enough bytes that could be used for
other purposes like my homepage for instance , or how a database of all
the dead rats in the world or how many condoms are used in the average
all male dorm.

Now do you have an urge to find out how your WWW page rates compared to
others , do you want to prove to your friend that your page is better
... well cuz none of the the damm mags came up with a rating scale , Xar
has come up with one .... here it is ..read on and drool 


THE DUMB FUCK WWW PAGE RATING SYSTEM 
=======================================

Copyright Xar 1996 , Don't you dare copy this , your not allowed to copy
this , nope you cant do it , you can however make a photocopy of this
screen if you find out how to do that please email me I want to know how
to do it too.

Instruction : Well all you have to do is answer the question if you get
an a you answer yes add 10 to your score. After you have answered all
questions add up your total points and find where you fit on the rating
table ( its at the end you dicks )

Now for the questions :

1) Does your homepage contain more links than actual data ?

2) Do you find that your main WWW page file is 20 bytes long ?

3) Does the sysop of your server beg you to take your page off because
he does not want others to see how stupid it is ?

4) Do you wonder if any one actually found something of interest on your
page ?

5) Does updating of your page takes only a few mins , because editing
one line of text is not too hard for most people.

6) Did you ever get email from people who looked at your page asking you
what's the point of your page ?

7) Do you ever find that your page loads up damm fast cuz its has on
shit on it ?

8) Have you ever put up a page that just has the title ?

9) Ever wonder why no one looks at your page ?

10) Ever wonder why there are some pages that actually have more data on
them than links ?

11) Do you know most people are not jumping for joy at waiting 15 mins
to load up that title graphic you have on your page only to realize that
you have nothing worth looking at on you page.

12) Does the term total waste sound very familiar when you look at your
page ?

13) Do you hear the bytes scream in pain when you save your HTML file ?

14) Did you ever spend more time loading your page up then it took to
write it ?

15) Did a word count on your page return 10 ?

16) Did your server report ERROR " Its the stupid home page guy " when
you logged on ?

17) Did you ever wonder why people spend more than 15 mins on their
homepage ?

19) Did your hits counter ever go into the negative ?

20) Is your total hit count less than 10 ..even after your page has been
up for 3 years ?


OK now for the rating table ...


10 - 19 : Well , you seem to have a cool home page , send me your URL at
least I know my WWW program will not barf on it.

21-40 : Err what's your problem . more links than text , well work on it
dick work work work until your balls turn blue.

41-80 : As you can see I am getting board of this so I decided to wrap
it up , look for the new version of this rating scale , well if your
page is in this level , forget it , trash the damm thing and forget it
.. its a waste of your time and the internet bandwidth.

81-100: Wow a new record , your page is so fucking bad that I could not
even look at without feeling the shitty dorm food I eat come up, god why
do you want to tell me how sick you are ?? Why can you just leave the
world alone ??


Well that's it for now , going to write more stupid shit in the next
week ... yeah and now for the regular feature of Souls In Chaos ....The
Chants of Xar .. yeah more stupid shit from me and my insane mind.

The Chants of Xar / Copyright 1996 Kelvin Muthumani <--- yup folks it
him again the insane spider


Soul Spliter

See the angle bleed in his hell
See the demons play in the garden of the lord
See the Christ create the devil
See the devil kill mankind
He is the ones who will bring you life
He is the one who will take yours
One gives me life
The other controls it
Play in the fields of darkness
Pray to the demon lord of old
The gods do not care
If your soul has lost its worth
See the angle pray to the devil
For power god will not give
See the devil kiss the hand of god
See the blood flow from his lips
You can never be free
Never be free until you become one of the spawn
The spawn of the dark lord
That is what I am
I have seen the angles play in the gardens
I have seen the hate that god is 
The gods do not care
They never did they never will
For this life is yours
And not theirs

The end of it all

There is no more hope in this life of mine
There can be no more life
Time to go to the master
The master of  darkness
In the end there can be one
One that will become my god
One that will be the ruler of my soul

The god that lied

On his cross of flies 
Hangs the one who has lied
A god to many
A fool to me
His words bring joy to you
But pain to me
The god that lies
Is the god that you believe in

Untitled

In the name of religion 
The hooks rip my soul apart
Tearing every bit of my sanity
And making me theirs
I am the new messiah
The new god that will rape this world
Bow to me people
Bow to me people
Your life is mine
Till the end of time

Untitled

The souls that once lived
Still live in your mind
Calling me into their world
So that I may become one of them
Maybe this is better
Is this is the way that the gods want
But the true one still lives in my mind
Until the sun burns as black as my soul
I will become one of them
And call on me will they
Until the end of time

Linda II

These words that I write
Are the words of my soul
You my love you are the one I crave for
Like madman that I am
I crave for you , the drug that feeds my soul
For it was you who showed me the light
When all saw was the pain left by many
When all I saw the pain left by many
You showed me how to live
In my own world of chaos
The bond that we have 
Is the bond that gods envy
My love I live for you
Gods may come and go
But my love for you will never die
I swear upon the old gods
My love my soul is yours till the end of time


Untitled

On wings of darkness
The crooked cross
And the hour of your doom
Does the dark lord come in
He is the one that will bring you life
And death at the same time
Bow low, fir the time of the dark lord is at hand

Physical Body

This body of mine is dead
Let the worms slowly eat it
Let the flies breed in it
For only fools fear death
Death is nothing but a passing from one plane
Into a far greater one, follow the paths that were left by those before you
You can rape me of my life
You can take away all
You can have this husk I call a body
Death is nothing but a passing into another 
Plane from where the visible becomes the invisible
And your life goes on

Spiders

Spiders are nice
Spiders are cute and fuzzy
Give then a chance 
And hug a spider tonight

What am I

Am I the one who does not exist
Am I the one who sees god weep
What chaos does my life bring me
What does this soul want
All this I ask
To the one who saw my reality
Nothing do I see nothing do I feel
Do I have to die for an answer from a god that lies 


Power Lord

In the house of the dead
Do the slaves live
Watching the past create the future
It's  a game of power
A game of darkness
In which you have become the lamb
The lords of old have become the gods of today
The holy was has started
The book has been read
The words of another become the songs of doom
Your faith is sealed, for you followed the path
The path that was not yours at first
The gods once more become owned
In this world there is one god
And that god is not yours

The void in me

The void lives in me 
Darker than the heart of Lucifer
Welcome my friend into your new doom
For the fires are lit in the pentagram
The fifth one is my burning soul
Trying to appease this anger of mine
I hunted for the gods that show me the way
None have I found,  none will help me
I am the soul that lives in a void
Oh great sprit of the void
Listen to my cry's of death
Know that the end is near
I have searched this burnt earth
For a way to free my mind
And now the answer lies before me
In death will I live again
Listen to my cries gods above
For this is the cry of a soul that is dead

White Rails

Line them them the white gold
Whiter than the purest snow
Brother come with me on this trip
Where we go I cannot tell you 
But travel we will
This is the gold of the gods
They say that it destroys your mind
But a different tale will I tell
White gold in the purest form
Will take you on a trip like never before
Snort it up until you bleed
For this is the way mankind was meant to live

Faded Reality

What you hold as reality is not true
What I hold as reality is now gone
It was a lie from the start, nothing was true
Take snake that lived in my mind
Has become the dreams I seek
All that once was is not real
In this faded world , even my reality has become a memories
Now all I have left is the doom that will be
By looking for the dreams of another
I have destroyed my won 
Learn you lesson fool
Reality is noting more than a dream



That's it people , Souls In Chaos Version 6.00 is over , before I leave
I want to tell you about the Inventions of the Insane Spider page ...its
at http://www.telepath.com/~xar/spider/spider.html and the new Temple of
The Dark Lord is at http://www.telepath.com/~xar ...and oh yeah my new
email add is xar@telepath.com ... l8r people ... you are now allowed to
fuck your dogs.


Until we meet under a different sun .... Xar bows














