     s$
        .d""b.                impulse reality press no. 138
 [-- $$ $$  $$ -- ------------------------------------------------------ --]
     $$ $$                               "Punk Me"                      
     $$ $$                           written by AndyA
     $$ $$                           released: 9/7/01
 [-- $$ $$ ------ ------------------------------------------------------ --]
     $$ $$

I sit in a lonely booth at Country Kitchen, the waitress knows me so well she
walks over automatically with my beverage of choice and sets the bill on the
table.  I smile back at her, she glances at me quick and says she likes my
new look.  Its that look I have that brought me here to nite.  I smile back
as she walks off the the back table to sit and have some coffee with the
cook.  He looks up quick and stares down the benches and looks at me quick to
see what 'I'm all about' he mumbles loudly to the waitress or to himself.  I
dig into my little back pack and take out a small note book.  
	Its full of stories I've
written here before and other thoughts and numbers and passwords.  My life
story, in easy to read mini form.  Nothing but phone numbers for people I've
never met, passwords for services and accounts I have no legit reason to be
on, numbers for other things to, Little poems and stories, a few haiku poems,
that sorta crap.  
	I take out my pen and try to think of something to write but my mind
is still moving to fast, filled with thoughts flying to fast for me to try to
organize.  I sit just act like there something important in there so I don't
have to stare at walls waiting for my friends to show up.  They should be
there soon.  We agreed that to nite we'd all get together since no one had
college or work or in my case I had a way into town that nite.  I sit and
wait for them to show up.  I see a car pull into the lot.  Its my friend 
Kim's car.
 The passenger door slowly opens and I see my other friend Matt get out.  
They both stare into the windows looking for my familiar face, I lean back so
I can't be seen from the window.  
	They come in and look at the table in the corner for me.  Kim sees me
first and blinks twice as though he can't belive what he is seeing.  Then at
almost the same time Matt sees me.  He is pretty reserved in his actions so 
he just smiles a bit and walks on over, Kim follows in his wake.  They make
there way over to me and on the way the waitress intercepts them, both place
orders for some frys and coffee, the only two things in the restaurant that
the cook can't really fuck up.  They continue on their way and sit down 
across from me in the booth in the corner.  
	 I sit and talk to my friends, making the light conversation that
people almost always do when meeting.  How was the drive?  Where you waiting
long?  How are the roads?  Is town crowded etc?  All over the world no matter
where you live in what size town or city or mode of transportation Everyone
will say the same things.  Must be genetic.  
	I sit and pour myself another glass of soda to waste some time.  I
can feel the staring at my hands, see them reshaping there thoughts about me.
I set it back down and still they stare.  Soon though they think they have
looked to long, they quickly look away with a look of puzzlement on there
faces or in one cases fright of what I may become.  Kim makes a joking
reference about me now being one of the posers I so hate.  We all smile a
bit at it even though it wasn't even funny.  
	Then the waitress comes over to the table for first time she barely
glances at me this time.  She sets the coffee down and walks away.  She knows
that we tip well and always pay the bill.  Long as we do that, we could all
have a third head up our asses, she wouldn't care.
  	 	 	
	Matt starts to talk to me about my new style and try's to understand
why I did this.  

'Is it like for that concert your going to?' he ask with a smile?

'No I tell him, I'm doing this cause its what I feel like doing right now.'

'Why did you do this are you trying to be goth or something?'

'No I'm trying to be me,'

He actually is starting to get it and ask some more relevant questions.

'Why are you doing this?  Did something influence it?'

I tell him why I am doing it.  

'I am doing this to express myself, I may have had my views changed by
influences but no I'm not doing this cause i saw it on TV and liked it.  I'm
doing this because this is how I feel when I look inside myself.'

	I look at him, he is almost the total opposite of how I look now. 
He is dressed in your average look, nothing preppy or anything.  Wearing a
cap and jeans with a Nike T-shirt.  This is how he always looks.  Some people
couldn't deal with anything this alien to how they look and perceive
themselves but I think he can.

He smiles and says, 'Hey its I might not get it but you know what I
can deal with it.'

	I smile back at him.  He is a true friend.  

	He doesn't care I have thrown my old Khakis to the back of the
closet, or that I have taken all my almost trendy shirts I used to wear to
try to 'fit in' with.  Or that I have decided that i want to shave my head
into a new style Mohawk.  Or that I now paint my nails black or dyed my hair
blue. He knows I'll still be there for him whens he's puking up the cheap
kegger beer or when his girl jilts him.  

	Kim though looks at me a bit longer.  He had been listening to all of
the questions that Matt had asked.  He looks at me very seriously and ask,

'Jason, I have a SERIOUS question for you.'

'Yeah?'

'You better be honest and play it straight with me.'

'Sure man'  Now I am a bit nevouse, 'what is it?'   

'Do you still like Black Sabbath?'

'Fucking of course I do you fucking retard!'

'Well you haven't changed that much then dip shit.'

I smile, its all good.  Just then the frys come.  Its all good and right
before i give the roof of my mouth third degree burns I think that now I have
gotten country kitchen to accpect me.  Now i just have to work on the rest of
the world.  

Written by AndyA:
Reproduce only in Holy places.

[-------------------------------------------------------------------------]
  the clever thing to do here would be to put some sort of copyright. no.
                        http://www.phonelosers.net/ir
[-------------------------------------------------------------------------] 