     s$
        .d""b.                impulse reality press no. 149
 [-- $$ $$  $$ -- ------------------------------------------------------ --]
     $$ $$                           "Are You Bored?"
     $$ $$                      written by Grey Frequency
     $$ $$                          released  10/7/01
 [-- $$ $$ ------ ------------------------------------------------------ --]


		- What Is Boredom? -

	Boredom is a disease that has plagued society since the earliest 
reports appearing circa 1850, which is when the word was first formed. 
Strangely no one was ever bored before them. Apathetic minds have prevented 
the release of knowledge of this growing epidemic. Boredom is the state of 
being weary and restless through lack of interest.

	Everyone has felt bored at one point or another in their lives.  A 
long summer, power failure and having to stay in bed due to illness can lead
to boredom.  It's even normal to feel "blah" sometimes, but when it starts to
control your daily life, it is then you should go out and do something,
dammit. 

	Boredom affects how an individual interacts with others. A person who
is afflicted with boredom may have problems forming sentences other than, 
"So... what do you want to do?"

	Boredom is a disease that anyone can get.  It does not matter if 
someone has a hectic life, or has no life at all. Boredom can strike at any
time. Boredom is common in youth, and without treatment can only become more
deadly in adulthood.  Thousands experience the agony of boredom annually.


		- What Causes Boredom? - 

	Due to lack of interest there has been little research on how to 
discover what causes boredom. At this time there are only theories.

	A popular theory pertaining to what causes boredom, it that of lack
of activity planning.  During days or season when activity is lessening,
(example: a child home on summer vacation) a person may become more 
susceptible to boredom. It is thought that people should learn how to party
more.

	Heredity may play a role in boredom according to some theorists. 
People who have family members who are known for becoming easily bored may be
prone to boredom. Also, those who belong to a family that has a boring member
may obtain boredom.

	Although the true origins of boredom is still unknown, it has been 
proven in a middle school science experiment that no one is immune.


		- What Are Symptoms And Warning Signs Of Boredom? - 
	
	Symptoms include feeling so tired it feels like depression and 
crankiness often followed by whining.  If an individual often repeats, "Guys,
I'm bored!!" you may be with a person who has contracted boredom.

	Victims of boredom do not try to hide this fact, in actuality feel 
helpless in the grasp of boredom and wish to end this.

	Laying around watching television and holding a telephone without 
speaking to the person on the other end are classic signs of boredom.  If 
they prefer to doodle on a napkin rather than sit up it may be time to call a
professional clown to entertain this diseased individual.

	Showing signs of increased laziness and procrastination are signs of
advanced boredom. The poor victim is so far gone that they do not even wish
to try to do things they know they are supposed to.


		- How Can Boredom Be Treated? - 

	There are many forms of boredom treatment.  It is important to speak
to a doctor before attempting these radical cures.

Anti-bordomants
	Anti-bordomants are a group of "Whose Line Is It Anyway" rejects.  
They are illegal in the United States, but are easily smuggled in via the 
lure of "The Drew Carey Show" guest spots. They tell the patient jokes in 
hope of curing boredom.

Electrozap therapy
	In rare cases of boredom, an individual may be prescribed old shoes 
to wear on a carpeted floor. The patient is forced to shuffle their feet and
touch metal objects in order to zap themselves.  This has been known to 
create short outbursts of laughter.  This sometimes cures the patient, but 
only for a brief period of time.

Phonotherapy
	This is the procedure in which the patient is given a list of phone
numbers and forced to call each one. The hope is that the patient will find 
something that will entertain them.

Sugar Cubes
	If Anti-bordomants are unavailable in your area, taking sugar cubes 
may be a safe alternative. Sugar cubes with their energy boost seem to be the
most successful in entertaining bored patients into a non-bored state.


		- How Can I Prevent Boredom? -

	There are many ways to work on preventing boredom. The most common
prevention is getting rid of boring elements in the environment. It is very
important to lock boring people out of your home and/or work place. You can
often tell if someone is a boredom liability if they cause those around them
to yawn for a prolonged period of time or if those whom they speak with often
ask "To be saved."

	Become aware of mood swings of those around you.  If you find 
someone, even yourself whining about having nothing to do, you may be in 
danger of boredom.

	Contact aid immediately after it is discovered that an environment 
has been infected by boredom.  Entertainment must commence posthaste.


		- Is There Any Activism Regarding Boredom? -

	Activism is becoming more popular these days, but not when it comes 
to boredom. The publics attention to illnesses has been monopolized by less
important diseases. Boredom is often misunderstood as just a mood swing, or
that a person could easily alter this state of mind. Only when everyone
becomes more educated can we ever hope to bring about change. Encourage
others to not ignore boredom.

	Even though boredom activism is not popular that does not mean you 
cannot go out and let yourself be heard. Post Anti-Boredom messages at local
supermarkets, tell your friends and family, write your local government
official, go in the middle of a busy city street and scream out your protest
of boredom or even form a club to make your community aware.


		- Last Thoughts And Conclusion -

	Boredom is a serious condition throughout the world.  Hopefully if a
victim was able to read this they were cured, even if it was for a short 
time. Sadly due to the content of this writing it is very possible that the 
very disease of boredom itself has been spread. Seek help immediately!!

	The most rare and indeed the deadliest form of boredom can only be
identified by the diseased individual creating a .txt file on the topic.

 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   the clever thing to do here would be to put some sort of copyright. no.
                         http://www.phonelosers.net/ir
 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------] 