     
        .d""b.      impulse reality press no. 225 - at war with anada.
 [-- $$ $$  $$ -- ------------------------------------------------------ --]
     $$ $$                                "Josh"
     $$ $$                         written by Aftermath
     $$ $$                          released  10/10/02
 [-- $$ $$ ------ ------------------------------------------------------ --]

	Once upon a time there was a boy named Josh. Josh was a happy boy at
birth. Then one day he grew up. He learnd that he had to go to a building
for many months of the year every year for 12 years. Josh asked "Why do I
have to go to THIS building? Why cant we...." then Josh was placed on a big
bus and sent away every day to school. Through out the years Josh knew how
to read. He was tought how to read. Then he was tought how to write. Then he
learned mathmatics, chemistry, phisics, phisical fittness, computers, socaial
studdies, mechanics and other basic knowledge which society directed him to
do. In his last years Josh came to learn something about school that no 
teacher could make him understand. Josh learnd that in school everyone is 
cattle. Him and his mates were just big peices of meat thrown around by the 
more educated peices of meat, shaking them, saying to Josh "Look at what im
doing... see? Do it." When Josh told the teacher that he didnt want to learn
about the early societys and how they battled though fortresses, but rather
focus on art or something more complex, the teacher marked on a peice of 
paper that Josh did not show interest and Josh got a low mark. When Josh
reached his final year he recieved a paper which stated that he had done so,
and was congradulated on sticking with school. The next day he thought back 
to the first day of school and wonderd what he would have done instead if he
wasnt forced to sit inside learning his 123's. So he thought about it, and
thought, and thought some more. He then asked what's next. He was then told
College. Josh looked back. Then he looked ahead. Then he said "fuck". Josh 
realized he wasnt happy any more. Josh was once happy. He could remember 
when he was 5. He was happy when he was 5. Josh started asking questions.
"Why was I happy then, and not now," he asked himself. He asked his best 
friend "Why do I have to go to work? Why cant i just stay right here?" His
friend told him not to be dumb, except when Josh's friend spoke his voice
cracked, and his hands were shaking. He asked his parents "Why did I get a 
poor mark in school while the other kids got higher marks?" His parents 
shoved money and candy under his nose to keep him from asking questions. He
then asked some of his friends and teachers "Why are those people in the
hospital? Are they sick?" Most of his friends told Josh not to ask. Some of
them told Josh that the people in the hospital are very ill. His teachers 
told Josh that the people in the hospital were insane. Josh looked at the 
people and they didnt look very insane to him. Josh then started thinking.
Josh thought long and hard about the people in the hospital, what his 
friends told him, and what his teachers had told him. To Josh, it wasnt 
adding up. The people in the hospital were clearly not criminals, and yet 
they were locked up behind big steel doors. He knew this wasnt right. Josh
went to the hospital and asked the doctor a question. Josh asked him why 
there were so many people in the hospital, so many people infact that there
were no more beds left. People were being shipped off to other places where
they had beds and rooms to keep them in. The doctor said nothing, and when
Josh tried to leave the security guard came and grabbed him. Josh said "No,
Hey, This isnt right!" They took him down to the ground and hit him. They
put him in hand cuffs. Josh was put in a cell. Soon they had Josh sedated
and shipped off to another town where they had a bed and a nother cell. Josh
was too drugged to resist. "Why are they doing this to me?" he asked. When
Josh got to his cell in this town far away from his own bed a thousand miles
away they Drugged him some more. His jaw hurt. He was in pain. "What have i
done?" He asked himself. He didnt know what was going to happen. He didnt
know if he was going to be in the cell for a few more hours, or days, or 
years or if he was going die in that place. The next day a doctor came into
his cell and told him that he would be released if he didnt run away. "Run a
way to where?" Josh thought. Then the doctor brought him into another room
and started asking him questions. Are you gifted? Are you Jesus? Where are 
you? Whats year is it? "Why would they want to know what year it is?" All of
his answers were being written down on paper. The questions were typed on a
peice of paper. Obiously the questions were asked to everyone at the 
hospital who were in a cell. Josh asked himself, "What the fuck is going on
here?". The questions went on. They asked him more questions than he could
remember. "Why would they be asking ME so many questions?" he thought. Josh
answerd the questions to the best of his ability and went home. "What the
fuck was that all about?" Josh asked himself. From then on Josh kept all of
his questions to himself and decided to not ask questions anymore. Josh was
too scarred to ask any more questions. Josh never went back to the hospital.
Josh realized there were many others just like him still there. Josh was
afraid.

 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   the clever thing to do here would be to put some sort of copyright. no.
                         http://www.phonelosers.net/ir
 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]