Well here it is kids, my little tribute to JJ's biased utils report from INQ.
and of course it's biased because how could I be objective when I run
Dimension, I hate Risc, and I'm fathering Xtremist's child? I can't, so
I'll be biased and make fun of everyone..:) Enjoy, and remember dont get
so upset, it's fun to make fun of yourself.
So the format is like this, I'll review each group, and then I'll point out 
some interesting things from the week and whatever else I feel like saying.
Rating System is whatever I feel like making it..:)
Well I guess I need to modify my opening huh? Xtremist is DMS now, so I need
someone else to make fun of. I'll get one next week..:)


WWell the NWR staff has been lacking bigtime, so i'll do a double issue and fuck
them if they dont release it.:)

I didn't pay much attention this week, so this issue is gonna blow,
but since you have last weeks shit, fuck it right?

Dimension: owning again now that more ppl are trading, and it's just
getting started. If I can only get Xtremist's sorry ass active huh?

Devotion: Snakeeyes the king of all restarters is active again it seems,
and since he hates me already, I dont need to worry about making him mad
I guess. So with snake/garoto and Dragoth still pre'ing...Devotion is
putting up large #'s.

Risc: Well no more geno and Morbid, so Risc is just plain fucked, except
for the mass pre'ing by Jizzy.

Millenium: Should I bother? they disappeared fast.

Vengeance: Ugh.

Atomic-X: not much happening here either.

So that's a brief list, I dont care if you dont like it..:)

General Scene Bullshit: More sites went down as usual. What a fucking
joke, see if you would all just relax and not get so bent out of shape 
over stupid little shit like my report and not getting #1 on a site or
something, none of this would happen. So take some valium and kick back.
That's basically all I have to say. Not much happened to warrant my 
usual bitching and moaning. So we'll part like this, promise a better
ON TIME (hint hint) Issue next week..latah

Les
