Well here it is kids, my little tribute to JJ's biased utils report from INQ.
and of course it's biased because how could I be objective when I run
Dimension, I hate Risc, and I'm fathering Xtremist's child? I can't, so
I'll be biased and make fun of everyone..:) Enjoy, and remember dont get
so upset, it's fun to make fun of yourself.
So the format is like this, I'll review each group, and then I'll point out 
some interesting things from the week and whatever else I feel like saying.
Rating System is whatever I feel like making it..:)

Well kind of interesting week, some cool shit happened, so let's get rolling


Dimension: The scourge of the trading scene, MGD, has returned in full force,
dominating sites in half a week, Mrpumpkin leaves Vice and joins up to
strengthen the team, and then yesterday Xtremist leaves VGN and his 
retirement behind, to come back full force. So DMS has itself a good 
week and gets back on track again. Solid performance on all sites.

Overall: Slammin again

Risc:  Geno and Morbid went crawling back for reasons undisclosed, and so
risc has 2 traders again, and they do pretty well..:) other than that
they aint got shit going as usual..:)

Overall: The Ambigiously Gay Duo

Devotion:  Snakeeyes the king of all restarters is trading again, so that's
interesting as always, and theres the ever present Garoto as always,
Devotion has put up some good #'s and continues to finish 1 or 2 usually.

Overall:  Garoto the rock

Millennium: With Mossyoak fading back, and truly only Dual to represent MNM
fully again, the group has withered back again and lost that spark it
had 1-2 weeks ago. 

Overall:  Dual the Martyr

Vengeance: with the loss of Xtremist, it leaves VGN looking shakier than ever,
we'll see what they do. 

Overall:  I can't find em:)

Atomic-X:  Fading away, I guess maybe I jumped the gun in giving them so much
credit, they aren't putting up the same #'s they were, but it's hard
for a small group to stay consistant I suppose

Overall:  Wavy

Vice: they are dead, and Machv is a lamer. that's it:)

Scene Shizzat: Vice died this week after Bandido decided to go back to Vice,
sparking Mrpumpkin to quit and join DMS. Xtremist also finally made
a courier group change, his longest stint in one group has come to an
end by joining DMS.:) MGD is back, and slightly more mature this time,
but still with the same old skills. The TMS Race worked out great for the site
by making it so much faster than it was, and it seems Mugen Power has
won, or will win, few hours left still. Mugen Power consists of yours
truly, Dual, and Dee. So that was fun.
