

Netmonkey Weekly Report
Issue XVII
August 16th, 1998
New Format


    Well isn't this just special! Ndetroit has not come online in i think it's
    like 11 days now. So, this coming week I will look for some other people to
    do the
    weekly stats and some guys to do the scene news since ND had a good
    approach to that.
    My apologies for the small issue, this iwll just be my report from the past
    2 weeks
    and an interview with Jaydee. I have a couple articles that I may throw in
    or just wait
    till we do a real issue. Ok now on to it then.

					Lester [Co-Editor/Head Writer/WTF IS ND]


-----------[ index ]-----------

   I.)   Intro
               a) Lester

   II.) Lester's Biased Courier Report [2 Weeks]

   III.)  Articles
               a) Movie Review - The Avengers
               b) Interview - Jaydee
               c) How to Nuke - Lester

   IV.) Closing



=----------------------------------=----------------------------------------=


-----------[ Lester's Biased Courier Section ]-----------

Lester's Biased Courier Report

Well I really need to stop putting this off till release day, but here goes
anyways!

Group Shit:

Dimension:  A little less active of a week, but still #1 or #2 on all the sites
I believe, still waiting on tdpriest's lame ass to trade though.

Overall:  4 Burning Crosses

Risc: Oh my god! It's morbid, for about 2 days, and gone again. Risc can't
seem to do much for consistancy anymore.

Overall: 1/3 Burning Crosses

Equality:  Now the only reason I include Equality is to rip on Snap alot
this week for his little couriering spree of like 7 days with 8 hours
sleep all week or something. I will elaborate more in my weekly report
of course. Other than Snap, they aint got shit, and they still have no sites.

Overall: 1 Burning Crosses

Devotion:  What should I say, they dont have much happening in the trading
department, but they have managed to pick up another site. IC has joined
Dev without any conceivable reason, sparking much turmoil on a once great
site. More details in the weekly area.

Overall:  2 Burning Crosses

Millenium: Same shit, different week. Only Doobie is gone now! Now, if
they can dump Union and Mossyoak, MNM may be better than pondscum:)

Overall: 1 1/2 Burning Crosses

Weekly Happenings: Let's start with the obvious blunder of the week. IC
(Siege/Razor) has joined Devotion. Now you consider the fact that Devotion
is #3 alltime and oh about 2.5 gigs behind DMS, and still a few hundred
megs behind RVL of all groups. Reasons? Devotion is "presitigious", now
dont get me wrong, Dev has it's moments, but I hardly think allowing
an admittedly open NFTP'ing cheater to remain in their group and actually
defend him. Ya some prestige. So 1 siteop of a once very promising site
has singlehandedly discouraged I believe 4 courier groups from wanting
to support it, and even with the change of group. Devotion still can't
come close to #1. Let's move on to Snap, couple of things amuse me about
this situation, people rag on MGD to no end because they say he has no life
and doesn't sleep that much. But yet people are congratulating Snap for
basically being a no-life bum. And the lack of sleep really turned Snap
into an asshole too. Arguing to keep releases that should be nuked so
many times, that's the problem with traders today, they dont believe in
quality, cuz to be #1. He's so proud of beating MGD and beating DMS,
like it really means a damn thing, especially since he had to trade 24/7
to do it. Not saying DMS can't be beat, I'm not that biased:) But, it
is just really pathetic to spend that much time on trading. It is his
life though and if he's happy, then great. And Doobie, who threatened
to narc on Roller if he ever left MNM, has now quit MNM on his own. So
3 cheers to MNM for losing one of the 3 stooges. Well that's all for this
issue big boys.

-------------- Lester's Biased Report for this week ----------------------

Lester's Biased Report

Well kids, it's that time again, time for me to degrade everyone who made a
mistake
in the past week. So without further adieu let's begin:)

Group Rankings:

Dimension: A very shitty week indeed, mad props to Stix for rocking. Majority
of the
team otherwise didn't do shit. Though Moonsabre from AMB has joined DMS and
there
are others on the horizon(inside sources tell me, I'm in pretty tight with the
leader)
So we will see if DMS returns to the top this coming week.

Overall:  UnderAchievers

Risc:  Well, Risc apparantly decided they were tired of not doing anything, so
they
needed to fire up some cheaters and a few other guys.  This week Bender left
DMS and
made his move to Risc(see weekly happenings). Morbid is back and pretty much in
full
force, though alot of rumors flying that he is using some type of speed
control(riscftp)
But at least they are alive right?

Overall:  Rise in Superior Cheating is back again?

Millennium: Hrm, nothing special from MNM this week, other than this little
MNMISO action,
which I personally dont give a shit about and can't say much regarding it.
Roller/Kruzin/Some other guys are still trading PC for them and so they are at
least putting up more #'s than a few of the other groups.

Overall:  Waiting for the Millennium to make their move?

Devotion:  Towards the end of the week here I saw Native uploading, so maybe
the
dev boys are finally done with vacation and we will all cower in fear at their
supreme
talents. Then again, maybe not. Or maybe they will just at least win on their
own
sites?:)

Overall:  UnderAchievers

NGT/AMB/RVL/VGN/RTS/ASS/ETC: Few decent guys scattered around, not enough
action to
warrant a full review.


Weekly Happenings:  Few interesting items, after the last NWR I was approached
by
Kruzin who felt that my report was biased, I was shocked to hear that since of
course
I only write LESTER'S BIASED REPORT in the title. Let's watch it unfold shall
we?
<Lester> it's a BIASED report
<Lester> :)
<Lester> that's the point
<Kruzin> ok
<Kruzin> GOOD
<Kruzin> u admitted!
<Kruzin> hehe
<Lester> it says right in the title stupid
<Lester> Lester's Biased Report
<Kruzin> o
<Kruzin> sorry =)
Bravo to Kruzin for his observant ability.

Next on the agenda is Bender, who kinda made an ass of himself trading this
past week,
when Hades was still up.
<Lester> do you realize you have 41 bads on like 1 release?
<bender___> so :)
<Lester> so?
<Lester> it's really really lame
Apparantly 41 restarts on 1 release is no big deal.

What else, Hades is now Resting in Peace thanks to some schmuck in KAC or some
lame
shit like that. I'd like to say a word or 2 about this guy Dogan  if I could,
Dogan
is the leader of Motiv8, he's 24 and yet he lives for the scene it seems, a
good
friend of his left M8 for another group, and upon hearing about this, Dogan
went into
a tantrum and starting making that guys personal life a problem, and over what?
A
fucking hobby, some friend you are Dogan.

Ok since I have to go edit the NWR issue, i'm out.:)


=----------------------------------=-------------------------------------=

=---------[ Lester's Movie Review Section ]----------=

   Sure he's a prominent scene member, leader of the #1 courier group, and
   former "Miss Scene 1995".. But did you also know that in real life, Lester's
   real name is "Roger", and he hosts a popular syndicated television show,
   where he plays a big fatass who has nothing better to do with his time than
   go to every single movie ever released?
   Well.. now you know..

Lester's Movie Reviews

The Avengers
Starring Ralph Fiennes, Uma Thurman & Sean Connery.
Rating [1/2 */out of ****]

    Well I had hoped to do the exclusive movie review of this, I guess you can
    call it a movie,
    But it turns out some local papers had review in on Saturday, but none the
    less I will
    do this review to save you all the $7.50 that would be better used having
    your pubes ripped
    out one by one, by a small child. Well let's begin, Avengers is a remake of
    the classic
    tv show, "The Avengers", and this is apparantly sometime in the future,
    even though they
    dress and behave like it's from the 50's or whatever, they still have
    electronics that we
    dont even have and weird shit like that. So I'm not real sure on the time
    setting. We also
    have Sean Connery at his alltime lowest, playing August DeWinter of all
    names, and he is
    intent on controlling the weather(ya real villainous already). He has
    basically nowhere to
    go with this character but down, and he follows it there like a real
    trooper. Ralph Fiennes
    plays secret agent John Steed, he was not so bad in this movie, but the
    overall shittiness
    of character development and any real direction of the movie overshadowed
    his efforts. Uma
    Thurman looks damn good in that little black outfit, though one wonders how
    she ends up
    wearing it in the end(can't give away the crucial plot points). We lay
    witness to the evil
    villains dressed up as big teddy bears so as not to reveal each others
    identities, and yes
    I am serious. At 1 hour and 30 minutes, this movie really does jack shit
    for the first 45
    and then does jack shit for the rest of the 45, there is not one positive
    thing I can say
    about this movie other than that they didn't pay Arnold Schwartzanigger 20
    Million dollars
    to play a pathetic villain(See Batman & Robin). Oh and also, Uma Thurman
    looks real good in
    that black outfit, but I suggest everyone to wait for the VCD and just fast
    forward to those
    parts that show her in said outfit!


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------

=------------Interviews--------------=

	This week's interview is featured with Jaydee, current leader of PFT and
	Senior of
	Devotion as well as co-siteop on FS/HDS and probably a few others. He's
	been around
	for some time and is a fan of NWR, so he agreed to sit down with me and
	share some
	information with us. So sit back and enjoy!


<NWR>     For the people that dont know you, please state your current and past
affils & your
          sexual orientation.


<Jaydee>  My past courier affils were
Mentality-Sun-Overkill-Motiv8-empire-malice-insanity and
          now Im in Devotion. When it comes to games I was in some group called
          Destiny and
          now Class. Utils affils has been Shock-premiere-tft and right now Im
          leading PFT.
          Which I feel pretty good about :)
          Im not gay btw, HETERO!


<NWR>     PFT is the spawn of the merging of TFT and PTM, what inspired you to
merge the 2
          groups together?


<Jaydee>  First of all, the groups had been friendly with eachother for a long
time.
          Started with sharing the site FS. I was hangin in their channel alot,
          knew ALL
          the people and since they had same attitude as TFT (we´re in it for
          the fun) I
          felt good there. And as time passed by we noticed how many releases
          we raced
          each other on and how MANY releases we could put out if we worked
          together.
          So I started to talking about it with Flotsam and Primus (the current
          ptm
          leaders) and one week later pft was born :)


<NWR>     Arguably PFT has become one of the best, if not the best utils group
          currently in the scene, but there are some criticisms, like the
          people who say
          PFT only releases stuff they rip from Iso's, what do you have to say
          about that
          and any other things you'd like to put to rest?


<Jaydee>  Well, I see no objection for ripping isos. Its mostly nice utils. And
its
          not THE only way we get our releases. Our suppliers gives their cd´s
          to various
          iso groups aswell.


<NWR>     Well alot of people will say that ripping from an iso is not really
doing
          anything special and therefore no work is required to release them,
          so PFT does
          not get the respect of other groups.


<Jaydee>  Ripping isos is far from the only thing we do. Like other groups we
got
          store suppliers-insiders and whatever.  ISOripping is more like a
          bonus for us.

<NWR>     What do you think of the change Devotion has taken recently from the
quiet friendly
          group to the more mainstream group? As well as the loss of some of
          the original
          Devotion members?


<Jaydee>  The change was needed and some more NEEDED changes will be done.
Stepping out of the
          group was pretty lame. Building it up again would be more of a
          challenge for them but
          I guess all of them are STUCK in the ISO-scene nowadays.


<NWR>     How do you rate the current utils groups in comparison with the
groups of the past
          in terms of quality and stature?


<Jaydee>  Utils groups are nowadays then it used to be. The quality more or
less varies and
          every group can release something great sometimes and the other
          something completely
          useless. Since this cracking came(and every site got themself a lil
          cracking group)
          the amount of releases every day have exploded. And the fact is:
          Cracking groups
          release the utils ppl use(winzip and more). But when it comes to true
          quality,
          ms-adobe-lotus etc the big groups often dominates. But there is so
          many groups out
          there and there is a new group formed every day. And there is so much
          crap. Some
          groups trust the web as its source. And sometime they can be #1 in
          released megs,
          but never in quality(premiere?).


<NWR>     I'm writing an article about nuking, and what are your thoughts on
cracking down
          on the crap that is allowed to go through sites these days, because a
          ridiculous
          amount of software comes out every week now, easily twice as much as
          just 2 years ago.
          And a great portion of it is there only to get credits on sites, do
          you think that
          more groups should be banned or nukers given more leeway to nuke on
          their best
          judgement?


<Jaydee>  Yes yes and yes. I hate all the shit some groups puts out Minor
updates, Builds,
          Betas, whatever. Some utils are released in newer version every week,
          I can
          understand if ppl want updates on their major utils but somewhere in
          this mess it
          has to end
          An example:
          200-  980612   ISP.Companion.v7.4.51-PREMiERE 17515KB
          200-  980615   ISP.Companion.v7.4.53-PREMiERE
          200-  980621   ISP.Companion.v7.4.55-PREMiERE
          Etc.Etc...
          Now how gay isnt that ?


<NWR>     What do you think makes FS the site that it is? And what would you
like to do to
          improve it?


<Jaydee>  Firesites success depends on well organized staff-top affils-nice
deamon
          (no crappy rftpd eww) and the fact that Im siteop there :P To make it
          better it
          needs faster link and some better hardware :) That is being worked
          on.


<NWR>     Well it's clear they were only released to improve group stats or a
traders stats,
          but now what would you suggest be done to improve it? Because
          everytime something
          is nuked that is questionable, the discussion of bias comes up, that
          1 nuker is out
          to get someone.


<Jaydee>  yeah, thats correct. This is problems we have to live with I cant
prevent it myself
          maybe some siteop alliance could stop it, but that will never happen
          anyways


<NWR>     So you like most ppl have just kinda learned to live with it for lack
of any other
          reasonable options?


<Jaydee>  I guess so.


<NWR>     You spoke of the changes being good for Devotion, but it has also led
to more
          scandal, and more fights from Dev ppl at other people, I always
          respected Dev for
          simply trading and not getting involved in the politics of it all.
          What are your
          feelings on the admitted cheating of Snakeeyes and the lack of action
          taken?


<Jaydee>  Well first of all. My personal opinion is that I rather see
speed0control than
          restarting, cause restarting and stalling SUCKS. I wont defend snake
          cause I know
          what he did was wrong but he admitted it. He should be credited for
          that.
          Other traders who cheated never admitted. And devotion isnt known for
          cheating,
          rather for NOT cheating.


<NWR>     That's true, but the traders who cheated have either been removed
from sites or
          punished in some way shape or form. No action was taken again Snake..


<Jaydee>  I guess ppl laughed too much at his letter to remember to punish him.
          And he was one of the best traders at the time, I dont know what to
          say.


<NWR>     As for the speed control issue, wouldn't you just prefer to remove
people who
          slowup AND restarters? because both are cheating?


<Jaydee>  ofcourse that would be an option removing trader who cheat would be
the best option
          but everyone got their tricks and shit. I dont know.
          ppl seem to be blaiming eachother.


<NWR>     But on the issue of cheating, if you found that someone in Devotion
was cheating,
          and claiming not to be, would they be removed or would the same thing
          happen as
          with Snakeeyes?


<Jaydee>  If I was sure he cheated I´d say his spot in devotion would be gone.
          We prohibit cheaters, but ppl in my groups would admit. Im pretty
          sure


<NWR>     Well if someone in your group admitted to cheating, would they be
removed from
          sites you run?


<Jaydee>  Everyone deserves a second chance I´d say. especially if they admit.


<NWR>     Hades has made it's return, what of the box that Acidstorm stole and
all the shit
          about how unstable HDS has been, do you expect things to be different
          this time?


<Jaydee>  First of all. I dont know if he stole, he just dont give it to us.
And he lied alot,
          but we will get it back. For thoose of u who read this: NEVER trust
          acidstorm!
          When it comes to be stable hades has had several problems. First it
          was the box.
          Then we lost the link, got new link which was 2 Mbit. Couldnt be used
          so we found
          another. Then it got busted by admins and acidstorm wouldnt give us
          the box back.
          Now we got a brand new stable box on killer link which seem to be
          pretty safe :)


<NWR>     Ok let's hear a little about you, since your the star here, How did
you get started
          into the scene and why do you continue to stay in the scene and what
          would you still
          like to accomplish before retiring?


<Jaydee>  I started leeching pirate software cause I lvoed playing when I was
younger then I
          put up a little site on my 512 Kbit line. This was back in the days
          when a site was
          pretty rare so a friend of mine intruduced me to a warez group on
          efnet(TFT).
          So it started out as distro in tft. After a while the site died for
          natural reasons,
          512 kbit wasnt enough. But I kept on and soon I was siteop on a site
          at liu.se which
          I ran with Marxhz this led me into shock where. At this time I was a
          pretty
          established courier aswell. Donno if ppl remember me racing <g>
          Anyways time went on
          and I become leader of TFT and now later on leader of PFT. I dont
          feel that I can
          accomplish anything more special. Basically Im just another netmonkey
          with no life :)
          And its a pretty cool hobby


<NWR>     Well I'm out of questions, so would you like to close with any final
words of wisdom
          or greet anyone?


<Jaydee>  I dont know any words of wisdom hehe. I´d like to greet a few ppl.
          d-unknown-norseman-dizzident-miramax-sneeze-primus-mgd-allanon and
          all
          of devotion+pft.

Well that concludes my interview with Jaydee, I'd like to thank him for sparing
some time to do
this for us, and I hope you learned something. Until next time, I'm Lester
signing off.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------

=--------------Articles--------------=

Deep Thoughts by Lester

This week's little morsel of my never-ending wisdom, is on the subject
of nuking, as in the past week I have experienced quite a few, how shall
I put it, complete fucking morons trying to nuke?(I think that covers it)
So without any further bullshit, I'd like to give my opinion on how and who
should be able to nuke on sites.

First of all, very simple guideline. You want unbiased, experienced and
levelheaded people to nuke for you, now your probably saying how the fuck
am I gonna find one of those in the scene today? Well my answer is I have
no idea, but that is at least a guideline to work with. So right off the
bat you have to say no traders get nuke, why does someone being #1 qualify
them to nuke properly? It doesn't, most of them just mirror another sites
nukes anyways. And why do traders want nuke so bad anyways? Because it can
enhance their trading position. Yes traders are that pathetic and competitive:)
So you say to yourself, well who really sees all the stuff that comes out
besides the traders who move the stuff? Well that's pretty simple, most
anyone in the scene can go through and site dupe and if they are around
long enough they will recognize dupes without even having to search real
hard, and it's not like there will only be 1 nuker for the entire scene.
So you want someone with knowledge, but without bias. This is virtually
impossible, because the average Joe who isn't in any group or has ANY feeling
on any particular group, isn't going to know jack shit about what to nuke.
So what is a poor siteop who doesn't want to spend his time nuking everything
to do? Well there's some options, you find people who have been nuking for a
long time, obvious choices are Winterhawk/Jess/Myself, and anyone who has been
around that has done this kind of thing long enough where they know wtf is
going
on. And despite all the bullshit, are as unbiased as they can be. Now, even
these
people are in groups, and have their own preferences to who wins, but in my
experience they are fair and do not nuke to let their guys win or not nuke
something
because that group upped it, etc..etc..So what I suggest all siteops do is
just simply take away the traders nukes, unless they've been a nuker longer
than
a trader, and just keep an eye on their public attitude, and see how it
reflects
their nuking attitude. Ok, so I hope that all siteops do take heed on this and
reevaluate their nuking staff. I am now going to kind of say my peace on what I
feel
should be nuked that is kind of not covered in rules, but has just been a
common nuke
among the years that I've been around.

Screensavers, now most sites have updated their rules to include that SS' will
be nuked,
but if not, it's still a nuke.

Small updates of already shitty programs leading to 800 releases of one program
in the span
of 2 months.

Any addon that is greater in size than the original release, there are
exceptions, I'm talking
like the 99 meg util with the 60 and 75 meg addons following, this is clearly
for credits and
is just fucking lame, utils dont even need addons usually, so dont fucking
release them. Games
are a different story, though I find it useless to release the Intro addons, if
you want to get
the full game either get the ISO or go buy the fucking game, the PC scene is
there to make
games small enough for people to be able to d/l and enjoy and decide if they
wish to purchase
the full game.

All Software that retails for under 10 dollars, at this point why dont you just
goto the store &
fucking buy it. Jesus

Most other things are covered in the nuke rules of most sites, but the point
is, enforce the
rules, dont back out because some trader decides he doesn't wanna lose credits,
the moment
you see someone fighting for a worthless release, then you know he doesn't give
a shit about
the scene, just about being #1 on the weektop, and so you should go ahead and
nuke it x2 to
teach him a lesson, but that's just my opinion.

Lester



-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------

Well friends.. Thats about it. If you've read this far, we sincerly thank you.
We like to know this thing gets read, so if you get the time, drop one of us
a quick msg, and tell us what you think, give us suggestions, tell us it sucks,
or just say "hi" to us!....
Please feel free to apply to write or help out in some way or another, as I am
getting tired:)

Find us on IRC in #nwr, or email us at our phearsome address:

netmonkey@penis.com

A moment of silence for Ndetroit who is MIA.

take care..

peace.

                                          lester.

NWR 8/16/98
