                    <cool ascii would go here, if we had one>


Netmonkey Weekly Report
Issue XV
July 26th, 1998
New Format






		Well friends it's been awhile since we've spoken, but your favorite 
	E-Mag editor/producer is taking another whirl at it. After all the attention 
	my little biased report has received, and the interest of the other NWR 
	producer, we've decided to put together a more full e-mag, with articles, 
	reviews, interviews, my biased report, a few other side things that you may 
	remember from INQ or that may be altogether new.  
		Now we have all had our experience with some of the lamer mags that 
	have come and gone in the past, but I will pledge to you that our magazine 
	is not just lame, but also quite rude and distasteful. <g>. But in all 
	seriousness, if you remember INQ, you know what to expect from me, if you 
	dont, go check out Dee's page at archive.pheared.com and look for the INQ 
	section. So let's get to the details shall we?
	NWR will continue to bring you the stats of couriers, and my biased report, 
	but we will add alot of other weekly features to liven things up even more. 
	We will also be making it into a fully interactive webpage for you guys to 
	submit articles or hatemail or to just look at the pretty pictures. We will 
	also be coding the magazine so you ppl who want to look at it in DOS, can get
	jiggy with the music and the cool graphics. All of this will take some time 
	and effort, and if you wish to volunteer, find me or Ndetroit on irc and offer 
	your services.. 
		I'm sure by now your all drooling to see what we have in store for you, 
	so without further ado, we bring you the NEW NWR.

                                            Lester [Co-Editor/Head Writer]




		Hey People.. Not much more to say, my man Lester has pretty much covered
	it all. This is my first stab at churning out a fully-featured emag, so our 
	first couple of issues are going to be a little inconsistent in terms of 
	content, format, and uhhh.... quality...
	But bear with us. This mag is gonna get real good, real fast. And as you 
	can already see, we are gonna need a lot of help with it. 
		So.... if you wanna contribute, find me or lester, and we'll be happy. 
	We need writers + interviewers (pretty much every topic, your choice of 
	interviewee), artists (layout/logos), and.. if we get really ambitious, we 
	might even need a coder one day.. 
		If one of those things is your speciality, then find us.
		And now.... bring on the dancing girls!!

                                            ndetroit [Co-Editor/Head Fatass]




-----------[ index ]-----------

   I.)   Intro 
               a) Lester
               b) ndetroit
   
   II.)  Stats - Weekly Stats, and comments on Sites.
   III.) Lester's Biased Courier Report
   
   IV.)  Articles 
               a) History Lesson - A comparison
               b) Movie Review - There's Something About Mary
               c) Movie Review - The Mask of Zorro
               d) Why Sites Suck - An Opinion.
 
   V.)   Scene News - All the news thats fit to print 

   VI.)  An Interview with Garoto
    
   VII.) Rumors!

   VIII.) Closing

-----------[ ndetroit's sites and stats section ]-----------


	Well.. I guess this is our new home here..
I suppose really the old thing that i need to say at this point is:
MOTHER FUCKING PHEAR ME, NAEGROS.
ok.. well.. i feel a lot better, after getting that off my chest.

So.. couple of changes to things this weeks. I will just be covering
news about sites here now, we have another section that will deal with 
general scene news.

	Mistworld, (also known as Hades2, for its inability to stay up longer than 
3 days) is back up again. The site is a fucking yo-yo. I wish they would make up 
their goddamn minds.. ;p
	
	FOS *is* back, and doing well.. maybe we'll have some room for it here
next week. NMS is also back after its hiatus. Not sure what happened there, but 
someone gave me a weektop from it, and said it was doing well again, so, whatever.
IC (DO, a deer, a female deer), makes the list this week, after a strong showing,
proving, like the old MS, that you don't need a curry affil to be damn fast. 
Silent Joe is weektopping there as usual, this time as DMS, but the word on 
the street is that a certain "euro-only" group is interested.. we'll see.

LA = not on the list, cause i couldn't find a f#$%king weektop for it.
PL = on the list, cause i still don't have a solid 10 sites that kick ass
week in and week out.. Blah.. blame it on the instability of the scene, tho
it looks like things are starting to settle down a bit, so.. thats cool.

	A lot of people msg me bitching about ET, saying that its not fast enough
to warrant an x3 spot on the report. Just to clarify.. we go by what the best
overall sites are. ET has good speed, a nice daemon, and pretty phearsome affils, 
so it stands out in my mind. But, just in case you don't agree with me, i'd like
to take this opportunity to tell you to fuck off.

	Back up this week is: NMS, WOC, and after a long absence, QC..
whatever happened to UC? dray!! we miss UC!! bring it back!!   ;)
	
=--------------------------------------------------------------------------=
	Sites are rated on a 3X and 2X scale.. if you want to know why we 
 do it that way, read an old issue. Couriers get 10 points per site they get
 #1 on, 9 points for 2nd place, 8 points for 3rd, etc, etc. 
	Sites are rated by us. If you don't like the ratings, then.... 
heh... fuck off and die..
=--------------------------------------------------------------------------=


  the top ten sites for this week are:
                                            
  x3 STH -*- FS -*- E -*- MW -*- ET
  x2 NMS -*- MSV -*- IC -*- TMS -*- PL

   
	          ---=NETMONKEY COURiER REPORTS=---

 trader        group  STH FS  E  MW  ET IC TMS MSV NMS PL  pts   pos    
 --------------------------------------------------------------------
 mgd           DMS      1  1  0   1   0  2   0   1   0  6  165   [1] 
 snap          EQL      2  3  2   3   1  0   0   4   3  0  160   [2] 
 roller        MnM      3  4  1   2   2  4   0   2   0  1  154   [3]  
 garoto        DEV      5  6  3   4   3  0   0   3   0  0  114   [4] 
 stix          DMS      7  5  0  10   4  5   0   0   0  0   66   [5] 
 moonsabre     AMB      0  0  0   6   0  0   0   6   2  2   61   [6] 
 davan         DMS      0  0  5   0   6  0   3   0   0  8   55   [7]  
 tdpriest      DMS      0  0  7   0   0  0   2   8   0  0   36   [8] 
 kruzin        VGN      0  0  0   0   0  0   0   0   1  3   36   [8] 
 pyx           AMB      0  0  0   0   0 10   1  10   7  0   32  [10]  
 

 * = no weektop this week.

=----------------------------------=----------------------------------------=


-----------[ Lester's Biased Courier Section ]-----------

Well boys, since this is the main attraction of our mag so far I better
make this one pretty god damn good huh? Well that kind of sucks since
it is Sunday and I am just now starting it, but none the less I'll do
my best:) Let's move out.

Overall Group Ratings are back this week btw.

Dimension: PreMania! But also Stix is trading again and tdpriest was active
again some this week. So DMS continues it's steady domination of most
sites that it intends to. Though I would like to say that Xtremist is
a whore and I will no longer send him child support for our baby!

Overall:  Bust out a can of Whoop-ass!

Risc: Well I can barely even remember who's in the group it's been so
long since I've seen one of them on a weektop. The reich has fallen.

Overall:  can you say Everlast?

Devotion:  Garoto still not trading 100% for lack of a good shell, and
the rest of Dev is idle or "on vacation" as Biggy tells me, so not too
much happening there except for our other kind prewh0re Jaydee and his
PFT action:)

Overall:  National Lampoon's Great Scene Vacation

Vengeance: Oh phear, the world is coming to an end. 4 VGN traders on
1 weektop this week. I am feeling fairly lightheaded. But the idea will be 
whether they can last or not.

Overall:  Comeback Kids?

Millennium: Roller is MNM.

Overall:  Prayer of the Rollerboys

RVL: New guys to the show, only added because of Diamond's lame comments
acting like he is good. So I'm simply putting them in here to say they are
doing ok, but Diamond needs to learn to keep his mouth shut about things
he knows nothing about. 

Overall: New kids on the block

Ambition:  Still popping up, but not the stats they had when Fain/Acidapple
we trading/in the group. So they need somebody new to emerge.

Overall:  Trouble

Weekly Shiat:

Not too much happened this week, so it will be hard for me to drag this
out like ND wants, so I'll just talk until I'm done. I will note that
Biggy is a fag.:) BB3 has gone back up, as well as TT, so it's nice to
see more and more sites returning. I heard that an old site would be 
coming back up under a new name(see rumors section). So we look forward
to that. I ran into my old friend Machv yesterday, talking about joining
MNM. Now as you all may remember, Machv is the loser I ripped on that was
a senior in the now dead Vice. So he still thinks he's the man though.
So I'd just like to tell you all that he is truly a lamer(Dont let him
join Roller:)). Xtremist is talking about retiring from all groups, I
want everyone who reads this to msg him at least once and say No!. 
That is all you have to say. Oh I will note that Blackacid still has
not updated his page, so the new mag will be looking into getting it's
own page done and we hope to have that up soon. Oh, while we are on the
note of msging ppl, please feel free to msg machv that you like my report
and he is a loser.:) I'm done, nothing happened this week, sorry ND:)
=----------------------------------=----------------------------------------=


-----------[ Articles ]-----------


=------------[ History Lesson - A comparison]------------=

-/ a note on the history compared to current times.


        The purpose of this article is to provide an idea on how things
   have changed over the years in the scene. I will begin with the year
   1988 (by no means was it the beginning of the scene) and end it with
   current times.

        The people in the early times of 'todays' scene had a different
   belief in what it stood for. In those days what we did was referred to
   as a freedom of information fight, meaning the scene was here to
   provide a way a person could evaluate software before purchasing it.
   Under this way of things we stood for the peoples right to know what
   they buy, and to know it will work for what they need instead of
   going through the endless hassle of returning and reordering over
   and over and risk wasting company time, your time, and everyone elses
   in the process.

        Nobody wants to pay $600 for a program, not because it is not
   WORTH that money but because they do not know if it will do the things
   they need it to do. It is much the same with games, how many times
   have you bought a nintendo game, pc game, or whatnot only to find out
   that it sucked afterwards and now you either are stuck with the price
   of it or are forced to go through a hassle of returning over and over
   to find something that you enjoy playing.

        The originators of the scene created it for this purpose. The
   purpose of saving people money, and time. Nobody is going to download
   a copy of Oracle SQL Server v1.whatever and use it in a corporation
   without any support or documentation. However, they CAN install a copy
   to see if it is right for them and purchase it afterwards.

        It is obvious that in todays time the scene does not even see
   that purpose. In todays time the scene is used for personal gain in
   many cases, people that have lost their purpose in life that feel the
   need to become a 'group dictator' or whatnot because they feel they
   are respected. We have seen groups that turn in other members, and
   blatently defy what the originators of the scene fought so hard for.
   Other people are insistent on releasing free software because they
   feel the need to 'be recognized' and yet other groups pay for things
   to release because they feel they need to be 'on top'.

        There are no winners and losers in this resistance. We are all
   involved in this (at least the serious members) to prove to the world
   that there should be evalutation periods on EVERY SINGLE application
   and game open to the public, not just small utilites and demos hidden
   behind beta password sites or whatnot. We are here to follow in the
   footsteps of those who created this fight against the system, to
   fight for the right to information. It is sad that so many have
   forgotten or never bothered to learn how all this came about and
   why it exists. 

        You may want to take a moment and think about what you do in
   this fight to help it, or what you do in this fight to hinder it.
=----------------------------------=-------------------------------------=

=---------[ Lester's Movie Review Section ]----------=

   Sure he's a prominent scene member, leader of the #1 courier group, and
   former "Miss Scene 1995".. But did you also know that in real life, Lester's
   real name is "Roger", and he hosts a popular syndicated television show,
   where he plays a big fatass who has nothing better to do with his time than
   go to every single movie ever released?
   Well.. now you know.. 

"There's Something about Mary"

So this is pretty unorthodox, but just because we are a scene mag doesn't
mean we can't do some legitimate things right? So I am reviewing  the
film "Something About Mary" today. It's from the creators of 
Dumb & Dumber, and it stars Cameron Diaz(yes the major hottie from 
The Mask,My Best Friends Wedding, Life Less Ordinary, shit like that),
Ben Stiller(Cable Guy, Zero Effect,etc..), Matt Dillon(ok you better know
who the fuck he is by now, he's been around long enough) and misc.
other comic actors like Chris Elliot. The basic plotline is not too
original, but the jokes and sight gags are absolutely hilarious. You've
all seen the previews with the zipper going up, and the "whats in her hair?"
clips, but that doesn't prepare you for the whole sequence of events.:)
Everyone I've talked to that has seen it, has said they haven't laughed
so hard in a long time. I felt the same way really, but to give you an 
idea of what the movie is about in case you haven't seen the preview,
since we all know none of you scene ppl leave the computer desk:),
Mary(Cameron Diaz) is the beautiful girl that our hero(Ben Stiller) falls
in love with in high school, which leads to the aforementioned zipper
problem on prom night. Now 13 years later, he still has not gotten over
Mary, and he decides to hire a PI(Matt Dillon) to find her for him.
And the fun just keeps rolling along as the PI falls for Mary and seemingly
everyone else Mary comes in contact with, because why you ask? Well,
there's just Something about Mary. So in closing I give the film 
all 4 out of 4 Stars (****/out of 4)

Peace out.


"The Mask Of Zorro"
Starring Anthony Hopkins, Antonio Banderas & Catherine Zeta Jones.
(**1/2/out of 4)

Ahh the tale of Zorro, we all know him, and if your like me, you weren't
looking forward to seeing Antonio Banderas bring him back to life, but
I'll admit that I was slightly impressed by the film since my expectations
were so low coming into it. Obviously if you dont like the movie at all, 
there is still one bonus to it, Catherine Zeta Jones, playing Elena,
she is, well simply put, FUCKING HOT. But anyhow, movie starts out with
Antonio and his bro as wee lads, and the original Zorro(Anthony Hopkins),
is saving the day as always, cut/pan/duck/shoot, 20 years later, Banderas
is all grown up and up to no good, his bro gets killed by this stupid
white motherfucker who thinks he's the shit:), and Zorro Sr. decides
to teach Zorro Jr. how to be the big bad Zorro man, and the action is
sufficient to keep you from noticing how long the film is(believe it's
2 hours and 20 minutes) and as long as Elena is on the screen, you wont
check your watch:) Story is simple, Zorro seeks retribution for the people
and personal revenge for his brother over the tyrannical Don Rafael Montero
and his aforementioned white mofo captain. The film is not original in
any sense, but it does supply some good jokes, a gorgeous actress, Hopkins 
who is always good, and some pretty good sword fighting scenes. So
basically if you need an action movie, and your not up for the end of
the world scenario, then go ahead and check it out, otherwise there are
definately better films out right now. Catch it in the video store where
it will be very soon:)

Peace out

=----------------------------------=------------------------------------------=

------------[ Why Sites Suck ]------------

Why Sites Suck (An opinion)

	Well my friends, I've noticed this recently over the span of time 
that I've had to deal with siteops and sites and the changing scene, and 
I'll stress that this is simply my opinion and you take it how you like it. 
I will explain the reasoning for my beliefs that all sites suck in the 
following pages. 
							-les

	Now dont get me wrong, there are some very good and fast sites around 
these days, but there are still no sites that can compare to the great sites
of just a few years ago, ie. BBX/CRC/TDE/Scumsite/LA(still up)/etc. The reason? 
Overcrowding, and too much leniancy by siteops. There are simply too many 
couriers and too many ppl who just have to say oh I can release or I know this 
guy, and boom they are on some of the top sites in the world. 
	It wasn't always so easy. Once, you had to actually earn your way on to 
the better sites. But with a wider variety of fast sites, it's easier, and 
siteops want to have the best site, so they feel they must add everyone who 
can contribute in any way. This leads to is narcing for one, as you cannot 
verify every person out of 500.
	Another downside to this is that you get alot more cheaters, and this 
also segways into the leniancy subject I mentioned earlier. Siteops always 
tell me: "if you give me PROOF, I will delete them", and upon receiving proof, 
it's never good enough proof, there's always some SLIGHT possibility they may 
not be cheating, and so the real traders are discouraged from wanting to trade 
to what should be a really good site, but because of a siteops leniancy and
desire to be fair, it's doing more harm than good. This goes for virtually
all sites, though recently more sites have made deletions for pftp, but
none have been made for ppl who restart excessively or use riscftp..etc.

	You might be saying to yourself, well what the fuck does all this change?
Nothing, unless action is taken of course. Sites need to realize that you
do not need 500 people on your site to make it good, you if just take the GOOD
people, and leave the crappy ones off, your site will survive without
some group that releases once a month and adds 4 useless guys. 
	Remove the cheaters, if they prove to not be cheating, reinstate their 
acct. If not, fuck them, they can trade somewhere else. You may say, well isn't
that kind of harsh? You may discourage an honest trader who is stuck with a false 
rep of cheating to stop trading to that site. 
	Well I say this: if your site is good, that trader will want back on, 
and show that he does not cheat and will continue to trade there either out 
of spite for the deletion, or simply because he has to, to compete on the 
other sites.

	There are other trends as well, sites allowing so much shit to get through,
that the pre'r of said shit can get to #1 without any real effort and
discourage the true traders from wanting to focus on a site where one of those
people is allowed to do so.  
	It wasn't that long ago, that shit was nuked for the sole reason that 
it SOUNDED like crap, and that was accepted, because we had experienced nukers 
who generally knew wtf they were talking about and the real groups cared about
quality. Now, groups will basically release anything to keep their stats up.
All groups are guilty, some more than others. 
	Ok so you can't yell at a site for allowing it's own group's shit to be 
uploaded. But you can draw the line, and some sites have drawn it at a 
respectable distance from the shithole, but other sites will still allow 
virtually anything. And that will drain a sites respect very quickly... 

	So we have 3 major problems with today's sites.
	If your a siteop, you may disagree with me 100%, but remember this, I run
a courier group, I talk to couriers daily, and I'm also a Co-Siteop of a major 
site. So I know what I'm talking about, so you may want to at least CONSIDER the
possibility that a few changes couldn't hurt your site. But then again, maybe 
your site is above all of those things and this doesn't apply, if that's the 
case then god bless you and please join my group!:)

                                     -Lester [Co-Editor/Head Writer]


=----------------------------------=------------------------------------------=

-----------[The Scene News]-----------

All the news thats fit to print... 
and then some...

-Well, the week started off in fine fashion with riches, (ex-blah, 
 ex-blah) deciding to pull some shit about narking koyote, cause koyote
 may or may not have fucked with his hardrive... pretty lame. Riches, you
 are entitled to redeem your copy of NWR for one free castration, courtesy 
 of the NWR staff..

-Week continued on its fun theme, with riches taking #releases, which 
 really would have pissed me off.... if it was like.. a year and a 
 half ago, and #releases still mattered. Wtf cares now, its the has-been
 channel..  (hi sparc!)

-i've been logging into "archive.pheared.com" quite a bit lately, (and
 therefore, so should you) and i noticed that dee has some anti-blackacid
 campaign going on.... on pheared.com. Whatever.. maybe its a publicity
 stunt.. if so, blah.  Archive.pheared was a good idea, and i'm damned
 impressed so far that blackacid hasn't just told dee to fuck off, and 
 deleted it... go figure...  

-dualstandard has been doing quite a good job trading for fATE, already
 weektopping on several of fATEs most challenging top sites, including 
 "Gurinders Rogers.Wave Barn of MP3's", "NEI", "ThE zeR0-daY DumP0r", 
 and "HOL".

-i noticed on Scenelink that CB had a BOY.. congrats!... now get that
 kid trading, and you are SET!!  <g>

-IC has really picked up where it left off. The sweet affils, and decent
 link have drawn many traders who "don't trade us".. now if we can just
 get them to trade to the rest of the damn country, we'd be set.. <g>
 All that remains to be seen now is WHO will they take as a curry affil?
 DMS is locked up with TMS, and DEV/RiSC (yawn) don't trade US... or do
 they?  You'll hear it here first!

-I guess VGN is making some kind of a comeback.. I'll believe it when 
 i see it. Damnit! bring back dark druid!

-There is apparently a huge bug in IRCN that allows people to 
 fuck with anyone running that client. My advice: don't run it.

-I just logged off STH, and noticed some group called RC (Royal 
 Couriers) is #2... wtf is that?

-Quadcon returns, with minimal fanfare, new IP/port. Lets see if
 everyone's favorite has-been T1 can make the comeback everyone
 claims it will.

Thats all for now... a slow week.. i'm writing for a few people
now, so look to me first for your #1 source of mostly true
scene news!

					-sky masterson
=----------------------------------=------------------------------------------=

-------------[An interview with Garoto]----------------

	Recently, i had a chance to sit down for a bit of an in depth chat with
Garoto, Devotion's All-Star trader. I found him to be very insightful,
thoughtful, and sincere guy... But i also found him to be a bit evasive, 
and a real pro at ducking the hard questions... hahahaha.. chalk it up
to my interviewing skills.. 
	A couple of people that have seen this have complained that i didn't get
any good dirt on the guy.. phear not, dear readers, i will get you the
goods on garoto one day.. 
For a first interview, i'd say it went pretty good..


ndetroit: ^Garoto^.. you are well known in all circles as one of the best traders 
          in the scene.. (Arguably THE best).. Traders come and go, but you seem 
          to have a knack for staying around. At #1. Again, and again.
ndetroit: You are a member of many top groups, and active in all of them...
ndetroit: Please state your full nick, and affils for us, approximate age, 
          and location, and a little bit of your history...

^Garoto^: My nick is Garoto , I am Devotion / DOD /Razor .. age is not important 
          is it? and my location is nteland.

ndetroit: Ok.. can you tell us a little bit about where you have come from, 
          some of your previous groups, and how you ended up where you are now...

^Garoto^: I started about 1 year ago in a little group Called imp@ct .. I moved 
          on to Join RTS the same day that the World Series ended..
^Garoto^: and while in RTS I joined LND .. ( when LND wasn't the group it is 
          now).. in February I had to leave my friends on RTS for Devotion, and 
          I have been Devotion ever since.

ndetroit: what prompted the move to Dev from RTS, and why do you say "had to"?

^Garoto^: well I am the kind of Person that needs a challenge .. needs to compete
          .. and unfortunately at the time RTS didn't have the resources that 
          will allow me to grow.

ndetroit: so... Devotion had better shells, essentially...?

^Garoto^: no .. it wasn't only about shells
^Garoto^: at the time RISC , APOC, EMPIRE and MnM already asked me to join them..
^Garoto^: I made my decision purely on the ppl I knew.. and Snakeeyes was one of 
          the reasons why I joined Devotion.

ndetroit: A lot has been made about the changes that Devotion has undergone over 
          the years. What do you think about the transformation of Devotion 
          into a mainstream group from the group about friendship and loyalty?

^Garoto^: All I can say is that ppl come and go.. Traders come .. burn out and 
          leave.. but they are some pretty amazing ppl in Devotion that deserve 
          my loyalty, and if U want to be in the scene .. wouldn't U rather be 
          with friends?
^Garoto^: All I can say is that if We wanted to make Devoion mainstream again 
          .. we could get some traders.. but Devotion chooses its members a 
          little differently.. with some different standards.

ndetroit: Over the years, many people have tried to accuse you of cheating, 
          with the rationale that "well, he has been so good for so long that 
          he MUST be cheating". What do you say to those people, and what do 
          you think of the people who cheat (or have cheated) in order to win, 
          such as Psyber with pftp or Mossyoak or Snakeeyes with nftp?

^Garoto^: Well that is one of my main worries about the scene..
^Garoto^: See behind this nicks and ip's and shells and groups we are human
          beings
^Garoto^: and mostly 95 % are teenagers.. 
^Garoto^: I see a trend that is affecting every part of society and that is 
          why work hard and earn what U desserve.. if they are better ways to 
          get it. 
^Garoto^: cheaters feel good about winning a race .. but they will never know 
          how it feels to win a race against a scripter..  knowing that you 
          just beat something that wasn't human, but rather it was programed..
^Garoto^: and if ppl continue to cheat there will be only one courier left 
          at the end
^Garoto^: the one with tHE best trading script
^Garoto^: and the scene will be dead.
ndetroit: hahah.... funny... but also sadly true, i guess.. ;(
^Garoto^: the warez will arrive at their destination but there will be noone 
          to get them :(
^Garoto^: About Snakeeyes
^Garoto^: I don't like a bit what he did.. and I told him that.. But You have 
          to hand it to him: It takes BALLS to confront the whole scene and say 
          "I cheated".. to take criticism like a man, and not hide behind a nick 
          and retire or say "I never cheated in my life".. only to be caught with
          this simple sentence:

^Garoto^: New Util Upload-I_AM_A_LAMER_AND_I_AM_USING_AN_UNREGISTERED_VERSION_OF_PFTP

ndetroit: fair enough..  any other thoughts on the cheating issue?

^Garoto^: Yes..  
^Garoto^: Cheaters hate to loose and when they are caught they narc.
^Garoto^: How many sites have we lost already because someone got deleted?
ndetroit: too many to count.. ;(
^Garoto^: and sites are precious .. 

ndetroit: What do you think of some of the other prominent traders in the scene? 
ndetroit: Such as mgd? roller? Whoever..
ndetroit: and..
ndetroit: Is there anyone out there who you see as a real standout trader, 
          someone that you yourself would look up to as a Couriering role model?
^Garoto^: Well .. *grin*  we have the preWhores .. nothing U can do about that 
          (hehe).. U have the proxy traders.. that are Great traders to a couple 
          of sites.. there are the screen traders and U have the fxpers.. too 
          many ppl to name.. everyone has qualities..
ndetroit: hahahah....
ndetroit: any names in particular that you want to comment on?
^Garoto^: the best traders I have ever seen are..  Geno, morbid, snakeeyez, 
          buglord, and mossyoak.
^Garoto^: I never had the pleasure to race against DDruid or penstar.
^Garoto^: But I had my but kicked by those guys up there most of the time
ndetroit: How well do you think you would do against ddruid and penstar?
^Garoto^: I think I will get my ass chewed by those two :D

^Garoto^: I don't consider preWhores good traders.. they are great releasers 
          and they are needed in the warez scene more than traders are. 

ndetroit: hmm... that's in interesting way of putting it..
ndetroit: why are prewhores needed more?

^Garoto^: well I hate prewhores because they pre to all the top sites..
^Garoto^: BUT lets not forget thet the scene is much bigger than 12 to 15 sites.
^Garoto^: there are thousands of small sites and there are anonymous ftp's 
          and there is usenet..
^Garoto^: the prewhores get their glory but the whole world profits from it.
^Garoto^: the only bad side to this is that Pre Whores ussually have an 
          extremely inflated ego and we need to put up with them.

ndetroit: hahah... again, i will ask you... anyone in particular you are 
          referring to there? or just speaking generally....;]

^Garoto^: Do I need to name names?
ndetroit: hehe.. nope... just trying to dig up some dirt for our readers... <g>
ndetroit: ok.. next question!

ndetroit: We have talked about some of the scenes' greatest all time traders...
ndetroit: At the opposite end of the spectrum... Are there any traders that 
          specifically stand out in your mind as people you think the scene 
          would be better off without? Who would you kick from the warez scene 
          if you had the power, and why? Not necessarily traders, but anyone..

^Garoto^: #1 and FOREMOST
^Garoto^: any narq that ever lived.
^Garoto^: #2 anyone in particular that attacks other groups sites/shells/personal 
          lives just to gain an edge.
^Garoto^: unfortunately that is real life so Noone can be banned.
^Garoto^: #3..  I will kick a lot of ppl but i won't tell U.
ndetroit: HAHAHAH!  fair enough.. ;)
^Garoto^: who .. because I don't need enemies and because is not my style.
ndetroit: Hmm... tell me about the scene: tell me about about your general 
          beliefs about the scene, and where you think it's going..

^Garoto^: The scene is dying :(
ndetroit: dying?
^Garoto^: yes
ndetroit: how so?
^Garoto^: sites are dying left and right.. Iso's are taking over.. Releases 
          are not as plentiful as they were..  new ways of cheating are 
          invented everyday..
^Garoto^: how many sites are older than 1 year?
ndetroit: hmmm... not a lot...
ndetroit: a dozen maybe.. tops...


(at this point, we lost each other, and Garoto went off to pre the 
controversial "Dune2000-Genocide" release, which later turned out a fake. 
We met up a few mins later)


ndetroit: what group would you like most to be in, if given the chance?
^Garoto^: release Group?
ndetroit: any group..
^Garoto^: I have what I like ..
^Garoto^: Devotion DOD Razor
^Garoto^: So far it has been Great..

ndetroit: Looking back over your career... is there anything that you regret? 
          Anything that you would have done different, having been given the
          chance?

^Garoto^: yes
^Garoto^: I had a Very good friend of mine that i neglected.
^Garoto^: Tech U are awesome.
^Garoto^: he introduced me to RTs and the real scene.
^Garoto^: I owed him so much
^Garoto^: that is a pitty we don't speak too much anymore
^Garoto^: any last questions?
ndetroit: No, you have been awesome to interview... any greets, hello's or 
          anything further you want to say?
^Garoto^: I have so many ppl to greet is amazing:
^Garoto^: Tech  , Jaw , snakeeyex , Dizzident , Dragoth , MrSandman , Jaydee, 
          Hando , Stix, Roller (even tough he is pissed at me:D), dth^angel , 
          Bandido, Mr_zima 
^Garoto^: all great ppl I met during this time .. and a warm hug to Rockz and 
          TheAsylum.. U are my dreams  :D
^Garoto^: And For everyone I missed
^Garoto^:  I will greet in person :D

fin.

=----------------------------------=------------------------------------------=


--------[Stories from the Watercooler]----------

Ahh yes, rumors, we all love them even though we love to say how much we 
hate them when they are about us. And these are some of the better ones
circulating around this week. Email us or find us on irc if you have a 
good rumor you'd like entered, your name will not be included, but we
do not add rumors like that say "Tdpriest is having anal sex with Fusion"
because we know that Fusion is only having sex with Xtremist and therefore
there is no hard evidence of that rumor, so if you have real rumors, let us
know. Let's begin!

Rumor has it that one of the top 3 traders in the scene will be leaving his 
current trading group in search of one that can give him a better trading shell.

Rumor has it that the old site SWMP may be making a comeback under a new name
and without any affils.

Rumor has it that MGD will be leaving PRM soon for an unnamed group.

=-------------------------------------=--------------------------------------=

Well friends.. Thats about it. If you've read this far, we sincerly thank you.
We like to know this thing gets read, so if you get the time, drop one of us
a quick msg, and tell us what you think, give us suggestions, tell us it sucks,
or just say "hi" to us!....
Find us on IRC (duh), or email us at our phearsome address:

netmonkey@penis.com


take care..

peace.

                                       -ndetroit + lester.

NWR 7/26/98

