@ Bliskit 'zine @ Issue #1 @ Introduction to bliskit @ Hugo Cornvel @ 2003 @


Welcome to the first issue of what we hope to be a good e-zine where
phreakers will find useful information. First of all there may be some not so
legal things in our e-zine. If you do some of them - we don't care. It's not
our problem. And yes - we have done illegal stuff. Now arrest me , see if I
care.

You can copy this zine as much as you want but you can't take credit for it
and you can't make money out of it. Information is suposed to be free ,
goddamit. That's what Emanuel Goldstein said but he doesn't care , he makes
money out of information. That's not what a real hacker/phreaker would do.
Look at Linus Torwalds. He could've been the second Bill Gates and surely one
of the riches man on earth, but he didn't did that. Why? Because he is a real
hacker. But we don't care because we are phreakers.

Why I started this zine? Because I thought that it would be cool to start
another useless phreaking ezine and if you wan't to learn real phreaking go
read from the best. Go read PLA (Phone Losers of America). If you want to
read PLA articles go to their web site which is at the end of this file.

Bliskit e-zine (also known as Blizkit) will have one article per issue. First
we wanted to go like Phrack but then we decided that we prefer the PLA style.
Most of the files that you will read here are written by me, Hugo Cornvel.
Cornvel - not to be misteaken with Hugo Cornwall the author of "The Hacker's
Handbook".

If you feel like writing a file or helping Bliskit and me then you can freely
email me at : operand11@yahoo.com . I might change my email some day because
I am sick and tired of people asking me if I am eleven. If I think that you
email was cool and had interesting information then I might put it here at
the 'letters' section. So don't forget for ideas, information , phreaking
adventures, wierd incidents, and other fun stuff related to phreaking
anywhere in the world just e-mail me.

Oh and another thing, I do not plan to put some lame ascii art like other
magazines do but I might change my mind someday. And do not try to email me
HTML becuase my email filter stops those mails.


Phone Losers of America web page : www.phonelosers.com
Hugo Cornvel's email : hcornvel@yahoo.com
@ Bliskit 'zine @ Issue #1 @ Intorduction to Bliskit @ Hugo Cornvel @ 2003 @

EOF.

