@ Bliskit 'zine @ Issue #2 @ Answering Machines Fun @ Hugo Cornvel @ 2003 @


(If you want to read this file properly word warp it)


Ahhh...Answering Machines! Everyone has an answering machine. It is a useful
and ofcourse a very phreakable machine. The idea for this article came to me
when I was messing around with my answering machine and when I was messing
around with the answering machine of my worst enemy. You see , enemies are
very useful. They can bring you hours of entertainment.

Full of joy I wanted to prank call Alex (the enemy) but imagine the
disapointment when I was greeted by his robot (the answering machine) :
'We are not home , please leave a message after the beep'. I'll give you 'a
message after the beep' you big fat electronic machine. I was ready to jump
in a river with a 400lbs rock attached to my leg (???) but ... no wait! And
I had an idea. Eureka!!! I call it 'Torture to bring amusement via electronic machines used to answer you phone and record messages from
other people that call you when you'r not home' or simply 'Answering Machine Fun'.

Anyways I after leaving like a hundred stupid messages ('hellooooo????','This
is Mi-ko I li-ke ea-ting Su-Shi' and 'Hey , like , will you stop calling me,
dude.') I decided to move to something more serious like what I like to call
'beeping' people. Despite the name the act of beeping is very simple , you
call someone and press the '1' or any other button on your keypad because it
produces a 'beep' which is very very annoying for people. Here is some of the
'beep' messages I left to Alex (play them and see what they are):

AM: Please leave a message after the tone [beeeeeeeeep]
HC: 1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1 [for like 1/2 an hour]

AM: Please leave a message after the tone [beeeeeeeeep]
HC: Old (6) Mac (6) don (6) ald (7) had (8) a (8) farm (7)

AM: Please leave a message after the tone [beeeeeeeeep]
HC: 4,4,2,4,#,8 - 1,1,2,1,9,8

After my 'tone' messages I started asking stupid questions hoping to get
answers ('Cactus???' , 'What is a testicule?' , 'What is a penis-head?' ,
'Is pussycat a dirty word?' and many many others)

Did all of that? What? You want more? Well ofcourse there is more. Read on.

Now it's time to calm down Alex. How about a few hours of 'The fours seasons'
or music from the motion picture Amadeus. Remember : if your victim likes
classic music don't play that stuff on the phone. Give him/her some metal,
rock everything your victim hates. I know Alex hates hardcore so I played
a bit Korn , System of a down, Slipknot , and my personal favourite, Static-X
and their best song 'Black and white'.

Another thing you might want to do to annoy your victim is the thing that
annoys ME the most : call up and when you'r supposed to leave a message hang
up. Do not leave a message.

You can also breathe into the microphone.That'll be fun for Alex , what do you think?

Now you have botherd your enemy to no end, what's next? I want to talk about
something that you'll find on almost every phreaking web page , magazine etc.
Yes , you'r right , it's the act of breaking into answering machines.
Answering Machines hacking!!!

First of all you nead to know how this system works. If the user wants he/she
can turn the 'remote access' option on. That is what we want. This option
allows the user (or the hacker/phreaker) to input a 2-3-(4???) number's long
password (ex: 123 or 12 or 1234) after the beeeeep. If this option is turned
off then you'r screwed. Go kill yourself. But , if it's turned on then you'r
in luck.

Ways of getting the password
The most easy and basic way is to try the default passwords like 111 , 000 ,
123 for 3-numbered password or 11 , 00 , 12 , 10 , 01 etc... for 2-numbered
passwords. You could also try thir date of birth or their kid's date of birth
or grandparents I don't know.

Another easy way is to try brute forcing. This term is used by crackers who
try to break into a system by trying passwords from a word list. Well we are
not going to use word lists but we are going to try different passwords (if
not all). Some new answering machines will not allow you to check your
messages til like an hour passes if you screw up 3 times. If you really want
to learn how to brute force answering machines go to some other phreaking web
sites , BBSs , ftp sties etc. or wait for my 'Answering Machines fun update'
file. I think it should be around Bliskit 05 or 06 but I'm not positive about
it. In that file I will also teach you other ways that worked for me for
getting someone's answering machine's password. I'll give you a hint : S.E.

To sum up we can say that there are many methods to annoy somebodey or distroy their little lives with their answering machine. Remember ,
if they aren't home don't let that stop you from pranking and annoying your victim (in my case - Alex).

I would like to thank : Alexader Graham Bell for makeing the most useful thing in the damn universe , Alex for makeing this file possible
and ofcourse telco for giving us the possibility to comunicate ;)

If you have any ideas, files, suggestions , want to join the team or simply
support me don't be shy and email me at :  hcornvel@yahoo.com

Bliskit 03 comeing up soon ... very soon .


 @ Bliskit 'zine @ Issue #2 @ Answering Machine Fun @ Hugo Cornvel @ 2003 @

EOF.

