                       THE FOOT REPORT
                             by
                       Dennis Denlinger
                        P.O. Box 60431                 
                  Sacramento, CA 95860-4539 
                            USA
               Internet: denlingr.ix.netcom.com
                   Compuserve: 75211,1363
                      FAX 916/485-4539

                Copyright 1995 by Dennis Denlinger
                      ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 

            This report may be copied and distributed
          by any means, including electronic, with the
           stipulation that no part may be changed or
               altered in any way whatsoever.


In this report I will tell you how the foot arch works. This is 
information everybody needs, whether they have foot pain or not. 
Even if a foot looks like it has a good arch, it is possible for 
the foot to hurt when the arch muscles are not being used 
correctly. 

I will also report to you how other flat feet and foot arch 
problems have been fixed. You may wish to use this information. 
As long as there is no damage such as broken bones, severed 
tendons, club feet, etc., and all the bones, muscles and nerves 
are present and operational it may be possible for you to fix 
your own flat feet.


                          BACKGROUND

My Bachelor of Architecture degree was granted by Carnegie-Mellon 
University. While studying architecture I learned much about how 
buildings are engineered to stand up without falling. I have 
applied this knowledge to the foot.

When I was growing up my mother, on a medical doctor's advice, 
took me to get arch support shoes to handle my flat feet. They 
did no good. While in high school I worked summers as a caddy. 
Often, while carrying those golf bags around the course my feet 
hurt. 

Later in life I got a severely in-grown toe nail. The pressure 
from normal shoes was pressing against the toe causing much pain, 
so I bought a pair of Earth Shoes - the ones with the BIG toes 
and low heels. They also had a arch which forced the wearer to 
have good arches. These "arches" caused me much pain. The 
information I had about those shoes was that some people loved 
them and some could not wear them due to pain. 

I reasoned that if some people loved those Earth Shoes, and they 
were hurting my feet, I was doing something wrong. So I looked 
for what I was doing wrong - and found it. That took me three 
months. It took another three months to strengthen my muscles to 
where wearing the shoes was tolerable. After that it took a year 
of normal walking to re-train my foot and leg muscles to work 
correctly. Now, for 20 years, I have had nice arches and no more 
foot pain due to flat feet.


                          SUCCESSES

Here are some successes others have had after learning about my 
theories:

"After a short talk with Dennis I was able to understand and work 
toward correcting a flat foot condition that I have lived with 
most of my life. I feel certain that this new knowledge will make 
a big difference in my posture, comfort and well being. I am very 
enthused over the result." -R.H.

"I was having terrible trouble with shin splints (I am a dancer). 
Mr. Denlinger showed me how to use the foot arch muscle and I 
haven't had any trouble with shin splints since!" -T.F.

"I was absolutely captivated by the discoveries of Dennis 
Denlinger as to the engineering structure of the body. It has 
explained a number of things I could not understand and given me 
the corrective actions to other, seemingly 'incurable', muscular 
disorders.
    "I feel this is a great step forward towards the 
understanding of how our body functions and how to keep it always 
in good shape." -M.F.

"I used some very basic data from Mr. Denlinger's book which 
resulted in an almost immediately more comfortable body (in 
specific situations) and also an understanding of how to maintain 
and enhance the degree of comfort. Thanks!" -K.F.

Dr. Gerald Henson, D.C. of Sacramento, California, U.S.A., in the 
forward to "How the Foot Arch Works" has this to say: "Mr. 
Denlinger has developed a new theory which chiropractors and lay 
persons should view as basic to maintaining a harmonious body. As 
our profession has long known, when bones are misaligned there 
will be disharmony in the body. After a chiropractic adjustment 
aligns the bones the improvement in harmony in the body improves 
the overall health and well-being of the patient.
     "Many practitioners have had the frustrating experience of 
adjusting a bone just to have it go out of place shortly after 
the patient has left the office. This has long been a mystery. 
Mr. Denlinger's theories open the way to a possible handling of 
this problem.
     "The discovery that there are certain muscles which, for 
instance, create the foot arch and that these muscles are 
voluntary and therefore trainable appears to be very simple. Why 
didn't someone discover and write of this before? Perhaps we will 
never know. In any case, it has now been discovered and written 
about. We can now use the data to help our patients."


                   TERMS OF THIS REPORT

SHAREWARE: This report is offered to you similar to shareware 
computer software in that you get to try it and if you like it 
and are ethical about paying your debts you will pay me, the 
author, for my work. I want $10 (US) for my work from every 
person who gets benefit from this report. That means, if you were 
given a hard copy by someone else and got benefit, you also send 
me money, even if the person you got it from also did. You can 
send the $10.00 (US) shareware fee to me in cash (any hard 
currency), check (US funds) or money order (US funds), gold or 
other exchangeable item at the above address.

Although I will hold nothing back in this report, without 
adequate drawings it may not be possible for everyone to 
understand it and to do it correctly. Since this report is 
intended for posting on the Internet, drawings are not possible. 
Therefore, at the end of this report I will tell you how to get 
my illustrated booklet on the subject. The booklet is more of a 
home-study course on how to get your own foot arch to working 
correctly. It is designed for a sixth-grade reading level with 
many drawings and workbook type questions to answer. You check 
off each step of learning as you do it, and when you are done you 
will have a good understanding of how to work your feet 
correctly. Anyone, whether they have flat feet or not, should 
understand how this part of their body works. If you get the 
book, you will not need to pay for this shareware version.


                         DISCLAIMER

There are laws in most states and countries requiring that health 
care professionals be licensed as qualified in the field of care 
which they provide. I have not been licensed as a health care 
professional. Therefore, I may not give you any advice nor may I 
promise or offer to alleviate any pain or physical condition. If 
you feel you need that kind of care, go see a health care 
professional.

In the USA, the First Amendment to our Constitution does give me 
the right of free speech which I am exercising. In this report I 
am talking freely about my discoveries of how the human body's 
foot works. I have studied structure in architecture school and 
have studied the placement of muscles and bones in "Gray's 
Anatomy", a standard medical and chiropractic school textbook. I 
have experimented on my own body to develop the theories. I have 
freely spoken to others who have then tried the theories on their 
own bodies with results similar to mine.


In giving you these data and theories I am doing my best to 
ensure that you understand what I have to say. It is up to you to 
evaluate the truth of what I say and whether it applies to you. 
If you decide to try to apply this data to yourself, it is 
totally your responsibility After all, although I do not believe 
it, I may be totally wrong in what I wrote in this book. 
Therefore, please heed this warning:

There is NO GUARANTEE, written or implied, that any physical 
condition of any kind will be alleviated or improved by using the 
data included herein. There is not even a recommendation that 
you, or anyone else, use the data included herein. This report is 
merely a reporting on the discoveries of the author and how the 
data was applied in some few specific instances. The actual use 
of the data included herein is done entirely and totally on the 
responsibility of you, the reader. If you want help with a 
specific physical condition, go see a licensed health care 
professional.


                      BASIC UNDERSTANDING

A joint is where two bones meet. Muscles can hold bones together 
at the joints - when they are working. However, muscles are not 
always working such as when you sleep. 

Ligaments are the backup system which holds bones together at the 
joints when the muscles are not working. 

Let's do an experiment to get more understanding. Hold your right 
arm out with the palm down. Relax the muscles in your right arm 
so that the hand flops limply down. Now, using your left hand, 
push on the back of your palm, forcing your right wrist to bend 
more than it was meant to. If you push enough, the wrist will 
hurt. Only do it enough to get the idea.

Contract the muscles in your right arm which pull your hand up 
until your wrist is not so much bent. Do not make your right 
wrist completely straight, but keep it somewhat bent. Then, with 
your left hand, press on the back of your palm again, trying to 
bend your right wrist. This time, using the muscles in your right 
arm, Do Not Let Your Right Wrist Bend any more than it already 
has. You will find that your right wrist does NOT hurt, no matter 
how hard you push with your left hand. You can now relax and I 
will tell you the theory of what is happening.

In any well-engineered machine such as a jet plane, space shuttle 
or even many cars the important systems, such as brakes in cars, 
have back-up systems which operate when the main (primary) system 
breaks down. When the main system has failed and the back-up 
system starts operating, there are loud bells and bright flashing 
red lights to let the operator know that there is something wrong 
which needs fixed. 

In the human body, when the muscles stop operating and the 
ligaments start carrying a heavy load across the joint between 
bones, pain is the loud bell and flashing light which lets the 
operator (you) know that something is wrong.



                  THE ARCH WORKS THIS WAY

First you will need to locate a bone in your foot, so take off 
your right shoe. I will do this description on the right foot. 
The left is similar, but reversed. 

There is a part of the foot immediately behind the big toe which 
is called the Ball of the foot. It looks a bit like a ball when 
looked at from the bottom or side of the foot. The ball is formed 
in part by a bone which goes from the ball up toward the ankle. 
It is about as long as half the distance from the ball to the 
ankle. Find this bone in your foot.

Next, you need to know that a TENDON is a strong rope-like 
material which connects muscles to bones. It is used like a rope 
to move bones which are some distance from the muscle which does 
the work. 

Once again find the bone which helps form the ball of the foot 
and goes toward the ankle. Locate the upper end, which is about 
half way between the ball and the ankle. There is a tendon which 
attaches to this bone at this point. The tendon goes diagonally 
towards the rear across under the foot and when it gets to the 
other side it goes up, wrapping around the part of the bone which 
sticks out to the right of the ankle. 

You can feel this tendon operate. Cross your right leg over your 
left. Using your right index finger, touch the bottom part of the 
bone which sticks out to the right of your right ankle. Using 
your left fingers, pull up on the ball of your right foot. Use a 
repetitive pull and release motion. Push back against your 
fingers with the ball of your right foot. As you push and relax, 
push and relax with the ball of the right foot, your right index 
finger will be able to feel the tendon get hard and soft. You may 
need to shift your index finger around a bit on the ankle. Do 
that several times until you have the tendon identified.

Keep pushing with the ball of your right foot and relaxing, while 
at the same time moving your right fingers up the front outside 
part (about 2 o'clock) of your right leg until you can feel the 
muscle which operates the tendon. Keep pushing and relaxing the 
ball until you have the muscle well identified and can operate 
that muscle without any guidance like you just had.

You have just located the muscle and tendon which forms the arch 
in the human foot. It is a voluntary muscle and can be trained to 
operate correctly. For now, let's call this the Main Arch Muscle. 
My copy of "Gray's Anatomy," published by Bounty Books (ISBN 0-
517-223651) calls this muscle the 'peroneus longus'.

Now that you have located the Main Arch Muscle, look at the 
bottom of you right foot. The weight of your body is carried on 
three points: 1) the ball of the foot which is just behind the 
big toe; 2) the part of the foot just behind the little toe; 3) 
the heel. The toes do not have enough strength to carry a 
significant amount of weight. 

The weight of the body when standing still should be divided with 
at least half (or more) being carried by the ball of the foot and 
the remaining weight being divided equally with half being 
carried by the part of the foot just behind the little toe and 
half being carried by the heel.


                     HERE IS WHAT YOU DO

Your foot can rock back and forth side to side. This is so you 
can walk sideways across a hill in either direction.

Stand where you can hold onto something. Lift your right leg off 
the ground and rock it from left to right and back again as far 
as it will go. Find the approximate center point. Rock your foot 
until it is approximately at the center point and be sure you can 
find it again. 

Put your right foot down on the ground with the foot rocked to 
the approximate center point and keep it there. Use your Main 
Arch Muscle to push the ball of your foot down hard enough to 
carry half the weight which that foot carries and distribute the 
remaining weight between the part of the foot just behind the 
little toe and the heel. 

If you do not operate the foot and use the Main Arch Muscle this 
way whenever standing, the bottoms of the bones of the foot will 
separate, stretching those ligaments, causing pain - the loud 
bells and red lights - which warn the operator, you, that the 
foot is not being used correctly.

When the foot is being used correctly, as described above, you 
will notice that the toes point straight forward or ever so 
slightly in. If they point in a lot or point out, something is 
not being done correctly.


                             SPRINGS

When walking or running, continue keeping the Main Arch Muscle 
contracted. The correctly operating foot functions as a spring to 
absorb physical shocks as you run or walk, thus protecting the 
body from jars, vibration and shocks.

Also, when walking or running, as the heel touches down, resist 
letting the toes flop immediately down. Instead, ease them down. 
This will increase the shock absorbing capability of the foot.


                           EXERCISES

For the most part special exercises are not needed. Merely using 
your foot as described above while doing your normal exercise 
program will give the muscles ample exercise. Just make sure you 
DO use the foot correctly.

In case your Main Arch Muscle is extremely weak, you can increase 
it's strength as follows:

1)  Hold onto a chair or lean against a wall.
2)  Press the balls of both feet against the floor.
    Keep doing this.
3)  Stand >only< on the balls of both feet.
4)  Now relax the Main Arch Muscle.
5)  Do this again, relax, do again. Start with doing a
    little each day and then gradually build up to doing
    more and more.


                      ASSISTANCE & ETC.

Some people, of which I was one, may have the "arch" so flat and 
out of shape that they need a chiropractor's adjustment to move 
the bones into the correct position to form the arch. Excessive 
pain while getting the foot to working correctly may indicate the 
need of adjustments or other problems. Once that the correct 
position is achieved, and the muscles are strengthened, it should 
be possible to maintain the correct position on one's own.

While getting the foot arches to working correctly the body may 
feel weird and mis-shapen; the feet may feel out of place. I 
found this to be normal & disappears as the body becomes used to 
the new situation.


                     SHAREWARE AGREEMENT

Remember our agreement, that if you get benefit from this report, 
you will send me $10.00 US to the address at the top of the 
report.


                        GET THE BOOKLET

The booklet, "How the Foot Arch Works" is a home-study course on 
how to get your own foot arch to working correctly. It is 
designed for a layman with at least a sixth-grade reading level 
(or higher). It has many drawings and workbook type questions to 
answer. You check off each step of learning as you do it, and 
when you are done the entire booklet you will have a good 
understanding of how to work your foot arches correctly. Anyone, 
whether they have flat feet or not, should understand how this 
part of their body works. If you get the book, you will not need 
to pay for this shareware report.

If you feel that you, or someone you know, also need(s) the 
illustrations or the course presentation, you can get a copy of 
the booklet "How the Foot Arch Works" by sending your name, 
address, a statement of what you want and a check or money order 
for ($20.00 for USA addresses) (US$30.00 in US funds for foreign 
addresses) which included all taxes, shipping and handling to:

                       SAY IT IN PRINT
                        P.O. Box 60431
                  Sacramento, CA 95821-0431
                            U.S.A.


                   ALSO BY THE SAME AUTHOR

You may also be interested in "Practical Nutrition+", a monthly 
electronic newsletter about care of the human body. Back issues 
are available via FTP at: etext.archive.umich.edu in the 
/pub/Zines/PracticalNutrition/ directory. 

To subscribe to the electronic version of "Practical Nutrition+" 
send both your e-mail AND Paper Mail addresses to 
denlingr@ix.netcom.com or to Dennis Denlinger, P.O. Box 60431, 
Sacramento, CA 95860-0431, USA. Your address will Not be 
distributed to others, but we may send you other pertinent 
information from time to time. 