------------------------- ZINE V1.0 Introduction ----------------------------

INTRODUCTION v1.0

[welcome]
Welcome to the first issue of ZINE, a new ezine based on Technology and 
the sort, for all the masses.  Each issue will come jam packed with all
the USDA required ingredients giving you your dose of ZINE.  And with that
I welcome you to ZINE!!!

[rants from the editors]
{Admin-X-}
Hello all and I would like to welcome you to the first issue of ZINE.  
As I sit here typing this I get to thinking about Rubi-Con 1999.  And for
you that didn't come, you missed a good time.  I would have to admit not
everything went as planned, but you'll have that for a first year con.
There were good speakers, funny contests, anal hotel staff, and good
music.  Oh and of course booze.  The antics of the weekend can be summed
up in many words but the words I would like to use would be "owning of
Mcdonalds Toilets".  Nothing like 7 o'clock in the morning and owning a
Mcdonalds Bathroom, while waiting for your pancakes.  Also I start
thinking of DefCon 7.  Oh does that sound like a good time! Good speakers,
social engineering, food, chicks, and (mmm i think i'm missing
something... OH YEAH) booze!  Hope to see you there. 
{Also look at my 'Total Recall' of the Rubi-Con '99' Experience}  

{dr_deranged}
In this edition of the 'zine, I would first and foremost like to welcome
all readers. The rant and rave that i would think would be the most important
is the one that I want to hear if this starts to suck.

The next most important ones are going to be what comprises the rest of
this section, and all that are to come. My first is the lack of bandwidth
that is available, despite industry claims that it is on the way. I am not
referring to those metropolis size centers of population, and conglomerate cities
that populate the book ends of our country. It seems to me the almighty power
of the buck has once again screwed the heart of our country. Thats right, mid 
america is not getting the required bandwidth to grow for one simple fact. We 
do not have a loud enough voice, nor the pocket book to waste, thus 
advertisement to us is not worth their time. Think about it. All of those 
little banners at the top of webpages are making big business mucho dinero. And
the more of those, the better. Increase the bandwidth, increase the number of 
banners seen. Also, sites that are directly related to online shopping require
more speed for more purchases. So, you can see the shaft that we receive.

Next rant is just that mac's suck, at least most of them. The only things
that I can at least understand is the RISC architecture, and the new powerbooks
look like they'll do some fine graphics. I work with macintosh products for at
least 8 hours a week, not much, but thats 32 hours a month, and it adds up. I'd
say that I can speak reasonably from a comparison point of view, being that I
also use many other OS'es, Windows (Winblows) , all variants there of.(Win
95, Win 98. Win 3.1) . Also, I have used DOS, a few different Linux flavors,
and tried BeOS once. So, I can talk the talk AND walk the walk, thank-you very
much.

Ok, and anything else to discuss? Well the only thing that i can think of
is that I am working on producing a game and any advice that you can give a 
C programmer would be mighty helpful. 


Other than that, my rave of the day is that I am excited about this 'zine, 
and will do my best to serve you,'the law abiding public', and to
dissimilate all the information I can. It's the ethical thing to do.

MOTD: Dont be a half-mo.

{prpghandi}
BLAH!  I would just like to inform everyone that this ezine is Biodegradable,
and animal friendly.  No animals were hurt during the making of this zine.  
(well execpt for Admin's dog who died from barking way too much at stupid shit.)
This zine is also FDA aproved, so take as much of it as you want.  So with that 
I welcome you to the zine.  

WELCOME... TO ZINE!
BLAH!!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[staff / people who wrote]
Admin-X- -- Part editor - (when he's not sperlunking in prpghandi's giant cave)
Dr_deranged Part editor - (Kung fu king, and Radio super star.)
prpghandi - Member - (not only is he the staff's sex toy he's also a
			   p0rn freak)
exiguus  -- submitter!! - (Network pimp, and also good with a book)
HDK ------- Web Master  - (oh yeah did we mention he's a Member too?)
ruiner ---- Member     - (when he's not frisking cows, he's blowing shit up)
Ameritech - Local fone company -(Gotta mention them since we love them so)
^NetDog^ -- Writer      - (ol' Skewl, Unix boy.  mmm anti-R.R)

[contacts]
{{if you wanna join the writing team or have some other skill or you have 
  problems with something in the zine}}
 
if you wanna help out ---- zine@goohio.com
if you have complaints ---- suckourdicks@fuckoffpissant.org

{{We also would like your comments about what you thought about ZINE, and
  suggestions on how we can make it better.}}

if you wanna suggest  ---- zine@goohio.com   

{{Also we wanna have an e-mail section for people to ask questions and for
them to either have us answer them or have them posted for other people to
reply to them or us (okie okie for those of you that know 2600's mail in
section that's kinda the idea here...)}}

so if you wanna be semi-famous (also write) ---- zine@goohio.com 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[in this issue]

'Hackers' ------------------------------- by exiguus --------------- 
'Total Recall Rubi-Con 99' -------------- by Admin-X-  ------------- 
'The 419 report' ------------------------ by Amerisuk -------------- 
'Radio Volume 1'------------------------- by Dr_deranged ----------- 
'Legions Never Die' --------------------- by ^NetDog^ --------------
'Fun for all' --------------------------- by ruiner ----------------
'Ending' -------------------------------- by Zine!  ---------------- 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[shout outs/greets]

The security guy at the Mall.  ("ya can't even bring your dame to the movies")
  sorry for shaking your special friend. :P
Cierra Borton- Just cause
Lady Pope ---- need some skills but your getting there
Jim T. ------- Can't wait to see what the show's like
Ron ---------- We heed your wisdom.
Floyd -------- For hooking us up phat.
Ameritech ---- Local Telco 
Bitch @ shell- Thanks for not selling me my smokes you dumb cunt.
GrandMa ------ We love ya cause your a uber Phone Phreak, and with out you
	       Ameritech wouldn't have anyone to be scared of.. werd to ya
	       (oldest fone freak?  79 years old)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	{{note from editor: this article is intended to define Hacking to 
	  newbies. you are free to read it to make sure Exiguus didn't miss
	  anything. :) }}

				     'Hackers' 


 "The probability of you being watched is directly proportional to the 
	stupidity of your actions..." -Exiguus
                                                   

The media, for the longest time, has used the word 'hacker' to descibe those 
individuals who disrupt, destroy and/or steal computer software or hardware
and any data contained therein. Painting a demoralizing picture of a brilliant,
immature and socially outcast persona, one which spends its time attempting to
wreak havoc on the unsuspecting populace. 

On the contrary, a true hacker, as defined by the underground and the 'eleet' 
for many years, is nothing like the headline grabbing picture that the media 
paints.  Public warez, serialz and crackz are NOT what makes a hacker. A monkey
with a drool cup could distribute 'warez', and the same goes for 'serialz'. 
'Crackz' are a demonstration of one's knowledge of the language in which a 
program was built with, and (usually) were not intended for public use. Virii,
Trojan Horses and the like go along the same lines as 'crackz'. Most virii
coders never intend their products to spread to the public. If they did, then 
I assure you that Anti-Virus programmers would have one hell of a time trying 
to catch up with the mass-influx of virii every week. 

A fairly good example of a 'hacking' group would be 'Cult of Dead Cow'. They 
have such an explicit understanding of the Win9X OS that they have created a 
program which they describe as, "a remote administration system which allows a
user to control a Win95 (or Win98) machine over a network using a simple con-
-sole or GUI application." The program which I am referring to is called 
'Back Orifice'. For more information on this unique tool, please visit their 
site.(www.cultdeadcow.com) 


-- We want to spread knowledge and information to all 
who want to learn...information about computers, telephones, the 
underground, and technology in general. But, we plan to do this and uphold 
the old school hacker ethics at the same time. We refuse to promote and 
distribute information on destructive and ignorant things i.e. carding, 
viruses, software pirating, e-mail bombing etc. Hackers have undeservedly
held a tarnished name for too long, and we plan to build that name back up. 
Instead of thinking 'criminal' or 'vandal' when hearing the word hacker, we 
want the public to think of 'knowledge seekers' and 'curious wanderers'. -- 

"Those who desire to give up freedom in order to gain security, will not have, 
nor do they deserve, either one". -Thomas Jefferson 
  
Ethics separate a true hacker from a criminal. Simply put, they are a set of 
rules that one must adhere to when hacking. In my opinion, if you don't have 
them, you're not a hacker, regardless of intelligence or personal ability.
This isn't anything profound- the entire gist of any ethical code is to 
be respectful. Here is my code of ethics: 

*Never intentionally delete or damage a file on a computer you hack. 
 (Unless it is to cover your tracks.) 
*Treat systems you hack as you would treat your own computer.
*Notify system administrators about any security breaches you encounter. 
*Do not hack to steal money. 
*Do not distribute or collect pirated software. 
*Never take stupid risks - know your own abilities. 
*Always be willing to freely share and teach your gained information and 
 methods. 

Simple, yet so very meaningful. Part of my goal in creating this article 
is to get the image of an ethical hacker out into the public. Those kids
you see on the news, arrested for grabbing credit card numbers from AOL
members or stealing some service from an internet provider, are not hackers. 
Yet that's what the media calls them. The stereotype behind our nomenclature 
must be changed. 

A misconception about hacking is that you have to be a programming genius. 
That's untrue. Sure, the more you know the better. You -do- definitely need 
to know some basic shell scripting and C. Here's what I believe is most 
essential in understanding computer hacking: First, you must learn about the 
UNIX operating system.  UNIX is one of the most commonly used OS's on internet 
servers.  Accessing a UNIX system via telnet or a terminal client is not going
to present you with a nice graphical interface- it's text based like DOS.  No 
graphics, no frills, just a simple and extremely efficient operating system 
that was way ahead of it's time when first designed. Of course one can set up 
the X-Windows-system on UNIX machines and run a huge variety of graphical 
applications, but that is irrelevant to this discussion. You need to have a 
hardcore understanding of the operating system. Knowing how it works in detail
is essential. Source code is freely distributed for UNIX and its variants, so 
you should even study that. Buy books, search the internet, get information from
whatever sources you can. Just be able to use UNIX like you've used it all your
life. A lot of people skip the basics and think they only need learn about the
security measures of the operating system. That is futile. How can you break 
into a system if you don't understand how to use it for rudimentary tasks such
as switching directories, listing files, seeing who is connected, etc. Further-
-more, as I mentioned before you need to be experienced with shell scripting. 
The better you are at that, the more accomplished hacker you'll become. Knowing
a little C is also imperative, since you'll need to code overflows, some socket
programming if you want to do spoofing and fragmentation attacks, etc. Once you
know the fundamentals of UNIX, learn about it's networking functions-primarily 
with internet protocols. It is essential to understand how computers communi-
-cate with one another through the internet. The next step is to specifically 
learn about security on UNIX systems, which includes permissions and firewall 
design. Again, all of this information can be found in those magical things 
called books. 

Now that you have a total understanding of UNIX systems, you can start to 
understand how to get around security on them. There are many archives on
the internet discussing the latest bugs, such as bugtraq, and 8lgm.org . 
Start to keep a mental track of flaws in various services and daemons so that 
when you inspect a system they will come to mind. 

You're NOT a real hacker if... 

You pirate software 

You spread virii 

You delete other peoples files and destroy their systems 

You scam credit companies and banks to get money 

Hacking undeniably requires a level of maturity, and this also plays into the 
ethical code. Getting into petty "wars" as many so-called "hacking groups" do 
is not the way of a true hacker. This isn't a revenge game, it's a quest
for knowledge and deeper understanding. 


[dictonary] {for you that would like to see it. see Dic1}

~fina~

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                          Total Recall -- Rubi-Con 1999 
                                from the eyes of
				    Admin-X-

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
				   ~Disclamer~
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The story your about to hear is true.  The names of the person(s) involved
have stayed the same.  What follows is just one person's point of view as
he lived it.  And to the detail of the fact he wasn't sober, so that some
of the facts maybe a little off.  By continueing you agree not to blame
Admin-X-, Rubi-Con, or Amerisuk Communications for any harm reading this
article may cause.  It has been proven by the Surgeon General that this
product has been known to cause confusion, lung cancer, and impotence.
Enjoy!
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     ~END~
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Rubi-Con 1999 was May 28, 29, 30.  In the year of our lard 1999.  It took
place in Dearborn Michigan.  At the Fairlain-Dearborn Holiday Inn, home
of the totally anal hotel staff.  

Friday May 28:
	      I arrive to a beautiful unsuspecting hotel, filled with
smiling hotel staff and management.  I walk to the front desk and ask
where the Rubi-Con computer conference was.  The cute blondie replied this
way sir.  As if I should of asked because no more than 150 feet were 3
people standing with all black Rubi-Con T-shirts, smoking, and had all
the goodies for signing up.  I walked up and declared that I was part of
the Rubi-Con staff.  After saying that I was greeted with the quick sly
remark "watch out for RON he's upset." So i grabbed my T-Shirt and name
badge and went back to the front desk, where i proceeded to get a room
inside this nice hotel.  But to realize the cute blondie wasn't giving me
that nice smile as before.  So I went and took my bags to my room and came back
to the conference hall.  Where i was greeted by Ron.  Ron then said your in
charge of the Network... go make it work.  So as i was walking into the Network
room i realized I had a task infront of myself.  So I lit up a Smoke and
off I went, craving for booze and crimping CAT5.   After making the
network work, I met a fellow named Roadtrip... this would be mmm 5 in the
morning Saturday.

Saturday May 29:
		After making the network work, the wonderful gateway for
our outside link to the internet decided to go down.  Why?  Serial cable
went bad.  So after quick discussion The key four left to desend apawn
Dearborn to find a serial cable.  At 5 in the morning... a fellow named
BSD, Nic Far, and I all climb inside of the grand master Roadtrip's sweet
minivan.  We then drive around aimlessly for a few hours, ending up at
McDonalds the home of food folks and fun.  Well that and really shitty
food.  In need of the bathroom I went and used it, while inside the clean
sanatary bathroom (well about as clean as a pile of dog shit).  After
laughing hysterically i realized that the toilets were run by I.R. then I
started wondering is it possible to "own" McDonalds bathroom?  I then went
running out with the whole morning crew of McKey D's lookin at me like i'm
on Crack... I then proceed to tell Roadtrip about the I.R. toilets... so
we after eating our totally greesy shit food went with the all powerful
Palm III and "OWN'd" the Bathroom.  Nothing like remote flushing.   We
then proceeded after wasting several hours driving around aimlessly
some more ended up at the local and always popular Target.  Among walking
into the highly populated store right as they opened at 8 o'clock we
proceeded to the electronic section where I decided to ask one of the
smart sales clerks... I proceeded to show her the old gone bad serial
cable and asked do you have one of these?  She then proceeded to the Car
Audio section where she looked at several cables and said "I'm sorry sir
we must be all out"  I then went back laughing to the software section to
retrieve the rest of the gang... on our departure we discover a lonely
Serial cable sitting on the floor completely out of place.  So we pick it
up and buy it.  Later in the day another group of Rubi-Con staff went
parking garage wall papering, to advertise for the RAVE in down town
Detroit... the biggest trash hole in the free world.  Yet I was completely
amazed by Rob Long's great Social Engneering of the Security Guard when he
asked what we were doing in the garage... he continued to walk and reply
"nothing".  Continuing down the insinus road of Rubi-Con After drinking
more, a few of us managed to watch some Porn... a must see title for
everyone is Gangbang Zombies.  "GANG BANG GANG BANG!!" 

Sunday May 30:
	       Nicely Hungover I went home!

.............................................................................
To briefly describe the Con itself.  

The network room, a piece of work in itself... where among other things
were Telco Paraphernalia, which also included a battered pay fone.  Also a
complete network ran off of noting but 1 smart hub and 3 multiport
repeaters aka HUBS.  The wiring job (which i had some what nothing to do
with) runs completely in the heaviest traffic areas possible.  

The hacking contest, which didn't fly as far as it could of included
several pieces of history.  It contained A sparc1, and a NeXT slab...
along with the normal UNIX box setup's of Linux and BSD on the ix86's.  

The speakers from the ones that i went and saw all were entertaining to
say the least.  Most of being very informative, yet i don't remember one
starting on time. (hehe)

...............................................................................
My honest opinion.

Rubi-Con 99... good time, great idea, needs a little more stable
foundation, and don't hold it at another hotel that is so fucking anal but
yet doesn't quite catch on when your holding a REDBOX up to one of thier
payfones and your using it and they don't suspect a thing... stupid yet
anal.  And from being on the staff side of things, I didn't mind doing
what I had to do, but duties need to be shifted a little better next year.
Other than that Jim, Ron good job hope you guys have fun in prison.
*grin* 
...............................................................................
Ending:

Rubi-Con 1999 was a kick ass time.  Those of you in the Midwest that
missed it COME NEXT YEAR.  If this article was kinda shooty well my memory
is too so deal with it... (i'm also not sober while writing this article).
And to the guy who got the hotel man hunt pulled on him, while his parents
when wobie bitch on me, YOUR PARENTS ARE MORE ANAL THAN THE HOTEL STAFF...
AND NEXT TIME THEY FUCKING BITCH AT ME WHILE I'M DRUNK I'M GONNA KICK YOUR
DAD'S NUTS IN... EXSPECIALLY WHEN HE CALLS ME AND EVERYONE ELSE A LIAR.
No hard feelings just a fair warning.  So all in the midwest Be there at
Rubi-Con2k or be square. 

~X~
...............................................................................

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------


		       		  THE 419 REPORT
			Product of Amerisuk Communications
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is a list of "fone numbers" for the masses.  With every number it has
been had picked and checked for perfection.  Each number should be a bit
of an amusement, but some bad ones always slip through.  You can Prank'em,
Dial'em, or just look at 'em.  These numbers are to give you YOUR
american right to reach out and touch someone. 'ENJOY'

(Amerisuk Communications '99)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Area Code (for all that can't figure it out): 419

448-8641 --- Payfone --- Mall (near A Big Lots)
448-1922 --- Payfone --- Mall (Next to Front Doors)
448-8608 --- Payfone --- Mall (Shaken not stirred)
448-8204 --- Payfone --- Mall (By sweet Movie Theater)
448-4924 --- Payfone --- Mall (K-Mart)
448-9133 --- Payfone --- High School (located in main hall) 
448-9205 --- Payfone --- McDonalds
448-9007 --- Payfone --- Marvins Quicky Mart
448-9148 --- Payfone --- Dark Alley Parking lOt.
443-8142 --- Enjoyment - Die Slut Von Tiffin
332-2643 --- ??????? --- Call -4- g00d Time 
355-3808 --- Marlie  --- Enjoys giving it out to everyone.
332-1611 --- GAS !!! --- Complaining about gas price$ and well i guess 10
			 cents isn't enuff.
334-2703 --- Clergy  --- King Gregory (note isn't god the king?)
639-2211 --- Pigs    --- Small town cops
626-8383 --- F.B.I   --- local Boys in Black.
259-6434 --- S.S.    --- Hitler's men, gastopO (Secret Swines)
334-9079 --- Prego?  --- Abortion Alternatives FREE PREGNANCY TESTS!
332-2734 --- Got head--- Oral!


---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Note: We at amerisuk aren't telling you to prank or cause any damage of
any kind.  We are just providing a local listing... like the Ameritech
Phone book.  Have a nice day! oh and if you get in trouble don't come
crying to Amerisuk... Call 1-800-733-8637 and tell them your pay fone is
eating change.  
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------



        THEORY OF RADIO, IN RELATION TO DATA COMMUNICATION V 0.1
                             By: Dr_Deranged                     

In this edition, I would like to discuss a topic that is near and dear to
us all, radios. Ok, maybe its not so warm and fuzzy as I claim it to be,
but many of my friends have asked me questions about it, especially how it
relates to data communication. I do not claim to be an expert on the
subject, but I am a licensed amateur radio operator, and have been
transmitting in some form since before the age of 5. My family
was a part of the venerable CB era (further explanation of CB is out of
the scope of this article, if you want me to give the low down on what
CB is, I suggest you research it else where, and if you have any questions,
then come to me). From there, my love of electronics has carried me to
many areas of knowledge, radios being one of them. Now, with the formalities
taken care of, let us now understand radio as a medium of data transmission.

             THE ABSOLUTE FIRST THINGS YOU MUST KNOW ABOUT RADIO

Radio waves are just another part of the electromagnetic spectrum. They
have many of the properties as X-rays, light waves, and infra red. Within
the family of radio waves however, there are many variations on this
theme. Just as purple does not look the same as red, so too do radio waves
behave. Some travel in different distances, assuming the same power is put
into each wave. And just as a rainbow is not one single color, so too do
radio waves behave. Broad ranges of frequency can be transmitted, or a narrow 
slice may equally be generated. Weather also plays a part in the
transmission of radio frequencies, and either enhances or subtracts
from the overall strength and quality of the transmission.

                   Modulation, what it is? And isn't!

To all of you who listen to FM broadcast, and think that FM means the
frequencies between 88 MhZ and 108 MhZ, and to those who listen to AM
broadcast, and think that it is the frequency range between 540 KhZ and
1600 KhZ, then I suggest you listen very closely to what I have to say,
YOU ARE WRONG.

When you start with a generic wave all you have is a simple sine wave
(assuming it is properly generated) or one can think of a jump rope, being
whipped up and down. There has to be a way, however that the voice or
sound can be transposed on to this "carrier" wave. Putting this signal on
the wave is called modulation. Back in the day, before digital
communication, things were analog. That means they were constant signals,
where as digital signals are states of voltage, or more simply, on and
off. So, to not get into the gory details, FM and AM are ways of modulating
the carrier wave. FM modulates, or varies the FREQUENCY in a specific way,
and AM modulates the AMPLITUDE, or height of the wave. When you get to
the age of digital communication, analog technology is still the infrastructure
for the world, and thus, to transmit data, over the air waves or a wire,
they must first be converted from a digital signal to an analog signal,
and thus, the modem! :)

                          THE BIG DEAL: Frequency

Charts and graphs would be really cool for this section, to clear up a lot
of fuzzy ideas, but, since your reading this, I'll bet that your smart
enough to visualise these ideas. The most important concept of how radio
waves handle themselves is to understand that ionized particles reflect,
and in some cases, absorb RF (radio frequencies, or the radio energy). On
earth, there is a layer of ionized particles that surround the earth, but
only sometimes. See, the sun charges these particles, and makes them
stronger. Some of the lowest layers are still slightly charged at night,
but day tome and summer create the strongest. During the day, frequencies
close to the ones that AM broadcast are absorbed by this ionosphere, and
ones higher up, generally stopping at 20-25 MhZ (average!) , are reflected.
Now follow me on this. If I lived on a giant sphere, and I wanted to get
something that only travels in straight lines over to the other side, or
over the horizon, I would bounce it off something else above me, so that
it could do its job. Now, these frequencies are great, but compared to
others, they are noisy and very few in number. Thus frequencies right around
100 MhZ VHF, (approx. other characteristics vary this number) don't bounce
around the world, but are very clear, static free, have lots of bandwith
to play with and do not bother someone on the other side of the planet, and
are good for space communication, cause that pesky ionosphere to absorb,
or reflect your signal. Microwave has all the characteristics of VHF, but
to the extreme.

As this is volume 0.1, this will be updated.
Basically this is to whet your appetite. ENJOY!
 
!_D_O_C_!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                              Legions Never Die
				by: ^NetDog^                            

    I was asked to talk a bit about hacking. But let me first introduce
myself, my name i ^NetDog^ there is not much more you need to know then
that. I do want to explain to you as you read this that I am one of the
old farts of hacker's listed on L.N.D ( Legions Never Die ). It is important 
that I explain to you that hacking in the true since of the word it not
the same as it is today. Let me take you back to when I started in to
hacking systems. Hacking was not a bad word, it was something you could
the hacking society says are criminals. For one we were not what you would
call, the good boys. Most of the gang I hung out with in the old days had
shoulder length hair. We wore Harley Davidson jackets and smoked and
consumed beer like mad. One thing that separated us from the burn out
group was our brains. Yes you could not tell this by looking at us, to
most we were hippies who was stoned all the time. HA HA well maybe but we
had a secret that no one could take away from us. That is our power to
control what we could not see or touch. Sound odd not really back then we
were a group of radio shack junkies making shit that most of the time did
not work or when it did was of no use. But still we all had projects we
were working on.  And most of the guys worked on them way up in too
college to just turn around and pitch the whole idea. The main thing that
linked all of us to each other was our ability to manipulate our words and
thoughts to gain access to areas that were off limits to us.  To own a
computer back in my day was a dumb thing to have, all the other bright
smart college bound students owned Atari games. But our group was
different we owned Atari game burners and would re-program them and
re-sell them to the preppies.  Now I ask who owned who?  We owned them
all!!!!
  					  
			    The Summer of 1985

      I awoke to a strange and unexpected guest at my house, The man
introduced himself as War Master and was one of the guys who was writing
papers on the local BBS about phreaking.  He had with him plans for a
black box that was to let him control the phone system. Very cool I must
say but not complete at all. He said to me I am told you can crack code on
Motorola chips. With this being true but still not knowing this guys
reasons for coming to see me I stood back. And said what you got in mind.
After he explained that he was in college with one of my colleagues. I new
this was to be something that I would need help with. I called my best
friend Rocket Raison and had him come right over to my house. The plans
were incomplete but I could see where he was trying to mod the black box
plans and control more then the phone system. The big question was WHY!
And what's in it for me and why would he need this at college. I wrote up
some code and burned it into a 16550 e-prom that would generate the tone
that he needed. It turned out that my guest to my basement that day was
working on remote control of packet switching. Very cool idea but again
why. Well that is how it was back then no one knew what we had we just new
it was a project and someone had an idea. And we operated in a circle of
brains that could do certain things. Mine back then was re programming
e-proms and writing ladder language code. I had diskette after disk of
code to all kinds of shit. X1j switching you named it I had it.

      Later on that summer I was introduced to Speed this guy was from MI
strange looking box. He would place the box over the coin area and wham he
could rack up credits to play astrodome all day. I never saw the point in
the games I always looked at them as a waste of technology. Oh well that
is just how I saw it but that is where we hung out when we were not at
each others house. Speed was one crazy dude already out of school but
still living at home. Something is wrong here I thought. Later that day
speed took me to his house. There in his room was a shit load of old
computers with out cases piled up and across his table. He had Commodores,
Tandy, IBMs with a shit load of wires all over the place. Speed asked me
if I could hook him up on the local BBS, of course with me already gaining
access to every BBS in our local calling area it was time for me to show
him my stuff. Click click click and I am in, wild cat bbs was the best! I
knew them inside and out. No one could keep me out, and because of it the
guys who ran the bbs would just give me access after I played with them
for a bit and showed them back doors they needed to close.
 
      Later that year school started and Speed was all freaking out about
his new find. He was waiting for us as we walked out of the school
building and invited all of us over to his house. CHECK IT OUT DUDES. Pop
went the monitor, ok but what is it I asked. UNIX MAN UNIX, wow shit no
way this dude had a Unix box. Tooo cool for me to even put in words. Speed
was showing us all the cool things it could do, true tcp/ip, ftp, ping.
Man this dude had a system. We all copied his system from hard drive to
hard drive by winter we all had Unix. We would screw the system up just so
we could patch it and fix it back. We would break each others security and
gain access to each others computers. This was the start of the rest of my
life.

      Fast forward to 1994, The internet is local now and they are
building the systems with Linux most of the systems are BSDI, it was not
long and I had Unix, BSD, DOS, Windows 3.1 all running at the same time.
Linux was cool we can get anything we want right off the net. But how do
we connect with other hackers in the past we would dial up a watts line or
post on privet bbs's. WE MUST JOIN WE MUST ENFORCE OUR WAYS OF LIFE ON THE
REST OF THE WORLD was the them. 1995 and 1996 went by quick, we had groups
and members from all over. The guys who knew their shit was helping the
younger groups get there shit going. And the ones who screwed up were
going to jail so sad too bad!! But that's how it was. So hush was the name
of the game, you knew what you knew and that is all that mattered. And
Elite was something that you earned from others not something you gave
yourself and to do so would get you kicked right out of the group. Too be
elite you needed to know more then how to compile a proggy, back then you
had to show your shit. You had to control your world and that was the main
thing you had to prove.
 
       You also had to be in the now, if a new proggy came out you had to
know it inside and out. You had to know the terminology. After talking to
someone who says hey I am a hacker and I can do this and this and this you
can tell if they are elite or if they just know how to run a program to
spoof there IP, that's the easy shit. Break the IBM network down in to sub
nets and tell me the name of every computer in their corporate office and
then tell me there IPs. Then I will call you elite but not till then. So
you can see that things have changed the title has changed.

       The summer of 1997 and after I was working for a local ISP to help
control, the hackers he he. Well I have to say it was fun being on the
other end of the stick, these kids was getting there hands on cracks
faster then I could close the back doors they opened. Did this make me mad
hell no it was all part of the game.
      
       That summer I was asked to help start an ISP being some one who
already had experience with linux and had a box on the net I agreed, but I
also told the owner that my group that I was in would have to have access
to the box. That not one person could do it alone. I put fear in their
eyes on how I could break in and take them down with out breaking a sweat.
So they agreed and said they would pay for any help I needed to keep the
big bad hackers out of their equipment. Well its funny the same hackers
they were keeping out are the same ones they were asking to help. This was
smart business for them for one they knew they could not control it from
happening and if it was going to happen it may as well be someone who they
can trust. It was a two way street for the most part. We were fast as soon
as a local would break in we were there smiling and sending e-mail that
would read. YOU WERE IN MY SYSTEM. NOW YOU MUST PAY! STAY ON THE NET AND
FIND OUT HOW YOU WILL PAY. STAY OFF THE NET AND YOU WILL BE REDEEMED OF
ALL ACTIONS. After sending out my THIS MEANS YOU e-mail I got a call from
a kid who's name was TMOD. He was freaking out said man I did not know
that it would work. He asked am I going to jail. I knew he must be
punished for being so lame as to call and give his name up so easy. I told
him yes you must come and work for me. The kid is now a young man going to
collage and taking CIS. Very bright and now has the smarts not to fuck
with things he don't know about. I did drill that in his head that year,
every day I would say can you do this and he would say NO, Then it was
payback time for me, I would flop a big ass Linux bible down and say ok
show me how.
    
      So where are these legions at now, look around you and you will find
one. We are still here and alive, just now we are running major
cooperation's systems. Working for ISP's the government, and Schools. Can
you spot us probably not, see we were the first generation we are now moms
and Dad's. And our beliefs were we don't destroy we learn. And we don't
brag because you could tell who we are by asking us questions so there was
no point in bragging that was for lamer's.
       
       Now I am on the other end of the stick and looking at the newbee's
coming on the seen. There is still this hacker side of me who sees the
world different and because of this I have been successful in life. And
yes talk to me for an hour about networks and it comes out its part of me
its in my soul it runs in my blood. I spend 9 hours behind a computer at
home and 8 at work each day and I have tons of projects I need to
complete. Some of them I cant even remember why I started.
      
       So in closing I want to say to all you lamer newbee's, don's call
yourself elite, earn that title. Change hacking back to what it was. Give
to the system don't just take, and above all don't destroy. Us old farts
laid the path for you to be great in your world and control that in witch
you can't see or touch.

      Don't be dumb and go to jail just to be cool and say you took down a
network, Hell that's the easy part, be smart learn your skills make them
strong, speak with experiences. And then you will stand out in a crowd and
earn the title ELITE HACKER. Its not a bad word its just words, the truth
is in what you can do.


			   And to everyone on the net:
   
I am not a criminal. You live in my world.  You are here because I was
here before you.  I take things apart only to make them work better. You
don't even know I am there. You worry about me. Wanting to know my every
move yet you cant find me. You play tricks on your computers to try and
keep me out. This world I speak of is the world of a
        			    
				     HACKER


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

			           Fun For All!  
                                    By: ruiner



A couple of days ago, while watching Admin-X-, Doc, and hdk eat at McDonalds 
(I ate before I got there, I don't particularly care to choke down a 
McShitburger) I was told I am inducted into the group. This was a pleasant 
surprise. So now, as a member of Amerisuk, I have to write an article. Well, 
I don't have to, but I should. So I will. Not like I have anything else to do. 
I'll just take time from working on my illegitimate child, my webpage, which I 
will now shamelessly plug. www.crimsonblades.com/ruiner

Anyway, while conducting a search in the dark recesses of my mind to find 
something to write about, I've decided that I am not good at writing on a 
deadline. But, i'm straying...already.

Ok, I am going to give you a recipe of something you can make in your own 
home for some jolly good fun.

===============================================================================

The materials you will need are:

Eggs--the more the merrier
(no, you won't be cooking anything, so keep on reading)
a Jar
some Jolt (or whatever your favorite beverage is)
Syringe
Fork, spoon, stick, something to stir with
(preferably something you can throw away)
Needle
Glue (NOT super glue)

===============================================================================

Procedure:

Ok, this is rather simple. Take the needle and poke 2 holes in an egg, one on 
each end. You can either use the syringe to extract the egg white and yolk, or
just put your mouth over one of the holes and blow (hey, stop with the dirty 
jokes already! bunch of fuckin pervs...) and use the jar to hold the insides of
the egg. Use your glue to seal up one of the holes. The reason I said don't 
use super glue, is that you will more likely bond the egg to your hand than you
will successfully seal the hole.

Now, all this hard work probably makes you thirsty, so drink. A lot. Then, when
you feel the urge, piss into the jar. Have I lost you yet? What you are going 
to do now, is scramble the piss and eggs, so you get a nice urine soup. Now use
your syringe to fill up your empty egg shell with that. A large egg from the 
grocery store holds 50cc of liquid. Any more than that, and you have slimy piss
all over your hands. After you've filled the shell, glue the other hole shut. 
You now have a rather harmless looking egg that is full of a very foul mixture. 

An alternative method is, instead of using them right away, don't seal the top
hole, and let a whole carton (or more) of your evil spawn eggs sit in a warm 
place for a week or so. Then they will be nice and ripe for your targets. 

The advantages to using the insides of the egg as well as the urine, are it 
will stick better, and if its not cleaned up, will greatly add to the stench. 
Being covered with urine is bad enough, but a urine slime is even worse.

You are now ready to hatch the eggs of your fury. I don't think you need any 
instruction on what to use them on. Butt i'll give you some anyway. Throw them 
at deserving targets, buildings, Ameritech trucks, etc. Or, if you are really 
nasty, make the eggs look really good, be really careful about sealing them 
back up, and put them in an enemy's refrigerator. 



Now, you're probably thinking to yourself, what in the mother fuck did that 
have to do with hacking or phreaking? Well, nothing. Hacking isn't my bag, 
baby. I'm just an Anarchy guy. For now, at least. So speaks the Lord, and
so it is written. -- ruiner


     "Greed is for amateurs. Disorder, chaos, anarchy...now that's FUN!" 
                          -- Top Dollar, "The Crow"

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  	                   'ENDING'

Well there you have it the first issue of ZINE!  At times I thought we
would never make the dead line but we did barely.  What I would like to is
thank you for reading our e-zine, and if you have any comments or
suggestions please let us know.  I apologize for the lack of Technical
info I myself wanted, but people fell through or their articles sucked so
bad that we cut them at the last minute.  I would like to say if you wish
to write for zine let us know at zine@goohio.com .  And if there were any
spelling or any mistakes let us know.  (shit i can just see all the mail
now) well That's all she wrote.  Hope to see ya next issue.

Admin-X- 
...............................................................................
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
===============================================================================

[Dic1]


Dictionary (suplment to 'Hackers' by Exiguus) 

ANI: Acronym for Automated Number Identification, a system used by the
phone co. to identify a caller's phone number. * Codes do not block ANI
requests. Calling a local ANI line will report the number of the phone
being used.

Archie: A UNIX service for searching FTP sites. 

BBS: Acronym for Bulletin Board System, a BBS is a computer service where
users can chat, post messages, download files, etc. Most BBS's are
dial-in. While very popular in the 1980s, the advent of the internet has
led to their gradual extinction.

bot: Short for "robot", an automated program usually coded in C for use on
IRC. Bots can do a number of functions such as channel protection,
flooding, etc.

buffer: A segment of memory assigned by programs to store data. 

buffer overflow: A common error that is frequently exploited. It occurs
when more data is sent to the buffer than it can hold. For properly-coded
programs that check for overflow character-by-character, this is not a
problem.  However, vulnerable programs frequently crash upon buffer
overflows. Exploit code left on the memory stack is subsequently executed
under the program's process ID.

CGI: Acronym for Common Gateway Interface, a protocol that allows for
communication between a program and forms on the Web. CGIs are frequently
written in C, Perl, or shell scripts, and are used for a variety of
form-processing applications.

compiler: Program involved in the first step of converting source code
written in a high level language such as C to an executable program.
Compilers translate the instructions into object code, which is passed on
to a linker.

CRC: Cyclic Redundancy Check, a checksum that ensures a program's
integrity when ran. An error will halt execution.

cron: A UNIX service used to automate tasks, such as daily backups. It is
frequently exploited by hackers to execute other illicit commands.

daemon: Pronounced "demon." UNIX programs that extend the functionality of
the operating system, running in the background and working when needed.
SMTP, print spoolers, telnetd, are all examples. Also called a service.

DNS: Acronym for Domain Name Service, the system that translates
human-readable addresses (such as www.yahoo.com) to IP addresses, and
vice-versa.

DOS: 1. Acronym for Disk Operating System, the software which provides an
interface to hardware devices such as hard drives, memory, etc. 2. Acronym
for Denial of Service, a reference to any program, script, etc., which
slows or halts some aspect of a system's function. Flooding and/or nuking
are examples of DoS attacks.

eggdrop: A bot of recent popularity that performs a variety of functions,
including a party-line.

exploit: Coding or a program publicly released to demonstrate a bug in
system security.

finger: A UNIX service that provides information about a system's users.
Fingering user@host often displays the individual's .plan file. Some hosts
will display the users currently logged in upon receiving a finger request
in the form of @host. (no username specified)

firewall: A software-based filter that controls access to internal
networks by restricting/allowing certain packets from an external host.

ICMP: Acronym for Internet Control Message Protocol, a TCP/IP protocol
used for sending error and control messages. Ping sents out ICMP echo
requests.

IRC: Acronym for Internet Relay Chat, a popular service that allows users
to talk with one another in individual rooms called channels.  

kerberos: A network authentication system which provides users or services
with tickets and keys used to prove identity and encrypt data streams (to
prevent sniffing.)

kernel: The core of an operating system, which always stays in memory and
is loaded first. It is responsible for allocating memory, process and disk
management, and other functions.

LAN: Acronym for Local Area Network, a set of computers physically linked
together to share data or devices.

linker: Program that takes compiled object code, combines source modules,
and thereby produces machine code.

Linux: A freely distributable implementation of UNIX that runs on many
platforms, from PCs to Macs to Amigas.

mail bomb: A massive amount of e-mail sent to a single person, in an
attempt to overload their system. A form of Denial of Service, as networks
can become extremely clogged due to the flood of data.

NUA: Acronym for Network User Address, address for reaching a particular
system via telenet.

OOB: Acronym for Out Of Bound data, the method of "nuking" a windows
system popularized in the past year. It involves sending random data to
139, the port for udp packets.

perl: Acronym for Practical Extraction and Report Language, a powerful
interpretive language used primarily for text processing on UNIX systems.
Perl is the most popular language for writing CGI scripts.

PGP: Acronym for Pretty Good Privacy, a public key cryptography system
developed by Philip Zimmerman. It is free, and frequently used to encrypt
e-mail.

ping: UNIX service used to test if a server is functional, and/or the
network latency between two hosts. Ping sends out ICMP packets.

public-key cryptography: Method of encryption used in PGP, it involves the
use of two keys: a public one that you distribute to anyone planning on
emailing you, and a private one used to decrypt messages encrypted with
your public key.

root: User in UNIX systems with superuser power, typically the owner of
the machine.

sendmail: A mail-transport program based on SMTP, it is the agent that
stores and forwards messages.

service: See daemon. 

shell: The outermost layer of a program that provides an interface for
users to issue commands. UNIX has multiple shells, including Bash, C
shell, and Korn.

SMTP: Acronym for Simple Mail Transfer Protocol, a TCP/IP protocol for
sending e-mail. See sendmail.

sniffer: A program which collects/displays all packets passing through an
ethernet device on a LAN. Sniffing is accomplished by setting the device
to promiscuous mode, which enables it to listen to all data packets, not
just the ones destined for it. Kerberos is a security measure used to
prevent sniffing.

spoofing: The process of forging data packets so they appear to come from
another host, commonly used to gain access through packet-filtering
firewalls.

SUID: Acronym for SetUID, a designation for UNIX programs that need the
privleges of root when executing.  Because they have superuser power, SUID
programs are the most common targets of exploits.

telenet: An old packet-switching network that was one of the first to
allow communication between terminals and servers. It was established by
Sprint in 1975, and is now a part of the larger SprintNet.

telnet: Protocol for connecting to other systems via terminal- like access. 

traceroute: Program that shows the pathway packets travel to a destination
host with ICMP echo requests.

Trojan Horse: A program that seems to be legitimate but actually performs
illicit actions when executed. Note that a trojan horse does not replicate
like a virus does.

trunk: High-bandwidth telephone channels that run between major switching
centers.

UDP: User Datagram Protocol, a connectionless TCP service (or UnDefined Port) 

UID: Acronym for User Identifier, a 16-bit integer that is mapped to a
username on UNIX systems. UNIX identifies a user by this number, not the
username itself.

UNIX: Acronym for Uniplexed Information and Computing System, a multiuser,
multitasking operating system primarily used on workstations and servers.
Most internet servers run some variant of UNIX.

UUCP: Acronym for UNIX to UNIX CoPy, an old service used to directly
transfer files from one computer to another. It was mostly utilized for
mail transport.

VMS: Acronym for Virtual Memory System, an operating system designed for
Digital's 32-bit VAX (Virtual Address eXtension) computers. Like UNIX, it
is frequently used in server and workstation applications.

virus: A program which illicitly copies itself into memory and other
programs, replicating and possibly deleting files or causing some other
harms. Infected programs transferred from one system to another spread the
virus further.

wardialer: Program which dials a series of numbers within a phone exchange
(for example, 555-55XX) to locate modem-connected systems.

warez: Pirated software, illegally downloaded and distributed. 

whois: Internet utility used to query a host to find out what users are
registered on that system.

worm: A program which illicitly copies itself over and over again
ceaselessly, consuming memory and disk space.

wrapper: A program used to control access to a second program on UNIX
systems, enabled for security reasons. Sendmail is frequently wrapped due
to its many bugs.


