==== ISSUE 75 ====         CONSUMABLE         ======== [May 1, 1996]

  Editor:             Bob Gajarsky
		        Internet: gajarsky@email.njin.net
  Sr. Correspondents: Jeremy Ashcroft, Martin Bate, Dan Enright, Tim 
                      Kennedy, Reto Koradi, David Landgren,  Sean Eric 
                      McGill, Tim Mohr, Jamie Roberts, Joe Silva, John Walker
  Correspondents:     Dan Birchall, Lee Graham Bridges, Scott Byron,
                      Joe D'Angelo, Eric Hsu, Tim Hulsizer, Stephen Jackson,
                      Daniel Kane, Mario Lia, P. Nina Ramos, Linda Scott, 
                      Ali Sinclair, Jon Steltenpohl, Courtney Muir Wallner
  Technical Staff:    Chris Candreva, Dave Pirmann, Damir Tiljak,
		      Jason Williams
  Also Contributing:  Lynna Prue Howard

 Address all comments, subscriptions, etc. to gajarsky@email.njin.net
==================================================================
	All articles in Consumable remain (C) copyright their author(s). 
Permission for re-publication in any form must be obtained from the 
editor.
==================================================================
                            .------------.
                            |  Contents  |
                            `------------'
REVIEW: Cast, _Change_ - Bob Gajarsky
REVIEW: Doug Powell, _Ballad of the Tin Men_ - Stephen Jackson
REVIEW: Amanda Marshall, _Amanda Marshall_ - Bob Gajarsky
REVIEW: The Chemical Brothers, _Loops of Fury_ EP - Lee Graham Bridges
REVIEW: Don Lewis Band, _Miles To Go_ - Bob Gajarsky
REVIEW: Jackyl, Night of the Living Dead - Sean Eric McGill
REVIEW: Rollerskate Skinny, _Horsedrawn Wishes_ - Jon Steltenpohl
REVIEW: Too Much Joy, _...Finally_ - Tim Hulsizer
REVIEW: My Dying Bride, _The Angel and the Dark River_ - Lynna Prue Howard
REVIEW: Poppyseed, _Blue Daze_ - Reto Koradi
EUROPEAN SINGLE REVIEWS: Drugstore, Powder - Tim Mohr
NEWS: CD Universe, Lush, Macintosh New York Music Festival, Mercury 
   Records, MSO, PM Dawn/White Zombie, Sex Pistols, Smashing Pumpkins,
   Sonicnet Chat/Action Ready Singles, Vinyl Devotion
TOUR DATES: Ammonia / Skunk Anansie, Bad Religion / Unwritten Law / 
   Dance Hall Crashers, Bloodhound Gang, Blue Mountain, Cordelia's Dad,
   Curdlefur, Dada, Download / Lydia Lunch / King Black Acid / Difference 
   Engine, Far, 50 Feet Tall, Goldfinger, Grover, Arlo & Abe Guthrie
   Half Hour To Go, Inch/No Knife/Chune, Howard Jones, Killing Joke, 
   Ottmar Liebert, Life of Agony, Limblifter / Stanford Prison 
   Experiment / Local H, Liquor Bike, Modern English / 3 Day Wheely
   Alanis Morissette, Nada Surf, Nature/Acumen, Nields, No Doubt, O-Matic,
   Anders Osborne, Ozzy Osbourne / Type O Negative / Sepultura, Ruby,
   Semisonic / Verve Pipe, Shelter, Smashing Pumpkins, Stanford Prison 
   Experiment, Tears For Fears / Amanda Marshall, V3, Velour, Vitapup,
   Wasted Time, Weston
THE READERS WRITE BACK!
Back Issues of Consumable
---
	REVIEW: Cast, _Change_ (A&M)
		- Bob Gajarsky
	Back in 1990, the British group the La's had an alternative
rock smash with "There She Goes".  Their self-titled debut garnered
critical praise, but was immediately trashed by their meticulous
lead vocalist, Lee Mavers.  While Mavers continues on his Brian 
Wilson-like quest for the perfect music album, bassist John Power
has gotten over the La's and recorded a nearly perfect British pop
album as vocalist for Cast, _All Change_.
	Nearly six months after its release in their native England,
Cast's debut finally has hit American shores - and it's not a minute
too soon.  The first song, "Alright", is one of the year's classic
singles, and if there's any justice in the world, *that* will be the
song that everyone sings this summer.
	For people who might remember the Supreme Love Gods several 
years back, Cast's "Sandstorm" truly sounds like the SLG "Souled Out"; 
both tracks clearly take their inspiration from the Beatles "I Am The
Walrus" in a world which meets the 60's British pop.  Merseybeat makes 
a grand entrance throughout _All Change_, especially on "Fine Time" (not
the New Order song).  And, even while bowing to the British
pop of the 60's, traces of Joy Division (on "Reflections") and U2's
wah-wah guitar ("History") can be heard throughout.
	Are they Herman's Hermits with the alternative twist for the
90's?  Or is it the Who, the Kinks, or Small Faces?  It doesn't really
matter; by now, it has become painfully clear that John Power was
the hidden gem from the La's who, with _All Change_, has recorded the
masterpiece Lee Mavers was looking for.  Fans of British pop will take 
to this like a child takes to chocolates - and keep coming back for more.  
---
	REVIEW: Doug Powell, _Ballad of the Tin Men_ (Mercury)
		- Stephen Jackson
	If you're one of those people who tune in to classic rock radio
and get a warm, fuzzy feeling from the rock anthems of Styx or the sound
of Elton John's "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road," then Doug Powell's debut CD,
_Ballad of the Tin Men_ is perfect for you. Powell's assortment of 
engaging lyrics, melodic hooks and lush vocal harmony are a throwback 
to the days when pop music became synonymous with fully fleshed-out songs
and big production numbers.  
	It's no secret that Powell's cultural roots lie in the music of 
the late '60s and '70s-- a mixture of Todd Rundgren with Styx, Queen, 
Elton John, and a healthy dose of the Beatles, along with social 
commentary by Ray Davies, stirred vigorously and voila-- Doug Powell 
straight up.
	There's nothing new or cutting edge about this album.  It 
resonates as a homage to pop music of an earlier time, when the buying 
public still hungered after well-crafted songs over big hair and 
posturing.  But the band whose style most often comes to mind is Jellyfish, 
who owes its layered harmony to the baroque excess of Queen's "Bohemian 
Rhapsody." For me, listening to Doug Powell is like going back into the 
past to get to the future.  As punk brought rock out of the arena back 
into the bars and dives of its youth, Powell's lyrical integrity 
brings the song back to rock. 
	He's a man out of step with his time, but he knows the 
boundaries of his craft.  He seems to have bypassed completely the 
spandex dance scene of the '80s, along with the postmodern angst driven 
fervor of today's angry young man.  What remains are the essential 
ingredients of good pop songs, driven by an intelligence which demands 
longer attention spans than Metallica or Madonna are likely to possess.  
Avoiding cliches and fads with equal abandon, Doug Powell is a man whose 
vision of the possible remains securely anchored in the present - as he
sings on the track "My Goodbyes", "I have tried to live the lies of 
tomorrow / Now I just try to be faithful to today."
	Although his best songs - "Return to Sender," "It's Not the 
Weather," "My Sweet Revolver," and "My Goodbyes," - look more often to 
where we have been than to where we are going, one finds, after much 
struggle and heartache, a faint hope for the future, whose dim light is 
found in the bad memories and old flames that never quite die out...
	For Doug Powell, the only possible illumination comes from the 
light of experience and the truth of a good song.
---
	REVIEW: Amanda Marshall, _Amanda Marshall_ (Epic)
		- Bob Gajarsky
	Several years ago, there wouldn't have been a place for an 
Amanda Marshall in the pages of a 'zine such as Consumable.  The top 40
market would have absorbed her whole and spat her back out to the public.
However, with "top 40" becoming a retirement home for the crossover
R&B music, a whole new genre of music developed - adult alternative.
And that's where Marshall's eponymously titled debut perfectly fits.
	This 23 year old Canadian singer has already wowed audiences when
opening for Jeff Healey and Tom Cochrane and is currently opening for
Tears for Fears.  Imagine Amy Grant completely losing her Christian roots
and gaining just a touch of rock and soul along the way, a la Melissa 
Etheridge, and you'll have a good idea of how Amanda Marshall sounds.
The first single, "Birmingham", is already garnering huge radio requests;
this reviewer suspects that "Fall From Grace" and "Let It Rain",
with their similar bluesy/adult alternative sound, will follow a similar
course.
	A powerful backup group, including music veterans such as Kenny 
Aronoff and T-Bone Wolk, perfectly let Marshall's voice carry the album.  
Her raspy, soulful voice is clearly the most valuable instrument 
in the repertoire, and Ms. Marshall utilizes it to its fullest.
	The only critical complaint with _Amanda Marshall_ is the songwriting;
Marshall only wrote or co-wrote three of the songs, and the others sometimes
fall short of providing the vehicle to launch Amanda into superstardom.
The songs are *good* - but only because of the woman singing them; 
subsequent followups should bring in a bevy of talented songwriters
wishing to be associated with Marshall.  _Amanda Marshall_ is indeed 
a strong debut for a talented vocalist.
---
	REVIEW: The Chemical Brothers, _Loops of Fury_ EP (Astralwerks)
		- Lee Graham Bridges
	This four-song offering by the Chemical Brothers (formerly the Dust
Brothers from Manchester) precedes their sequel to last year's _Exit Planet
Dust_, and while some fans may be interested, those unfamiliar with the band
would be better off starting with _Exit_.
	_Loops of Fury_ contains some funky, danceable beats laced with
occasional waves of acid techno.  Since that describes the basic sound, it
seems that this EP was designed more for club mixing or DJ'ing rather than
in-home use.  And quite a club record it is.
	The most interesting track is "Get Up On It Like This," although it
starts out awkwardly and is hard to follow through to the end.  The Dave
Clarke remix of "Chemical Beats" is the most fun and easiest to groove to,
worth buying the record for.  The title track is very enjoyable, but
probably the least likely to be played in a club, making it one of the few
songs that does not appear to the non-clubber as background music.
Unfortunately, "(The Best Part Of) Breaking Up" could easily lose most
listeners' interest in the first minute.
	There are too many techno cliches in the current scene that have
somehow survived from the very stone age of techno and dance music.  What
makes the Chemical Brothers so unique is their real-world sensibility, and
their ability to break down such boring traditions--the same things that
make them true leaders of the new techno beat.
---
	REVIEW: Don Lewis Band, _Miles To Go_ (Detonator)
		- Bob Gajarsky
	Named after the lead vocalist, The Don Lewis Band's _Miles To 
Go_ is straight ahead, good-time rock and roll.  Four guitarists and 
one drummer - there's no mistaking what this group does.  It's the 
rock that's perfect for the summer, and all year round.
	"All I Need (Forever Mine)", the album's leadoff track, is
a perfect candidate for single release with its catchy melody and
its radio-friendly refrain.  Hoyt Axton's "Never Been To Spain" echoes
reminiscent to slower Bon Jovi ("Wanted Dead or Alive"), and the band 
also covers Patty Smyth's "All I Want".  And, just as good rockers
do, Lewis includes an irresistible ballad, "Somebody Please", which
helps make this collection complete.
	At a recent New York City performance, the group showed
they've got the mettle necessary to take their debut effort on the
road.  With a tightness uncommon in most acts, the five man unit 
showed they sure know how to rock and roll.  
	Some could compare the group to early Springsteen without the 
horns section.  Don Lewis' vocals himself turned periodically towards 
traces of Bryan Adams and Don Henley...or was that Jon Bon Jovi with a 
refined voice?  I don't know, but if this was the mid 1980's, they'd be 
a perfect candidate to fit into the "Jersey Shore" sound.
	Roll the windows down and crank up the volume - rock and roll 
is back, and the Don Lewis Band are the men responsible.
---
	REVIEW: Jackyl, Night of the Living Dead (Mayhem Records)
		- Sean Eric McGill
	In the early days of rock 'n roll, Fats Domino lost his thrill on 
Blueberry Hill and we were all invited to play with Chuck Berry's 
"Ding-A-Ling". And for the most part, rock 'n roll has always been 
somewhat attached to the concept of fun, be it from women, alcohol, etc. 
But in the past decade or so, rock music hasn't been about fun as much as 
it has been about anger, rage, angst, and about one hundred other 
adjectives that mean roughly the same thing: bitching.
	Sometime after Michael Stipe sent one out to the one he loved and 
the one he left behind, hordes of musicians have used their music to 
express their own inner hatred towards a variety of subjects. Not that 
this is bad, mind you - music has always been about giving a voice to 
what's in your heart - it's just not all that much fun.
	Which brings us to the case of Jackyl. Their 1992 self-titled 
debut sold over a million copies worldwide on the strength of four hit 
singles and vocalist Jesse James Dupree's affection for power tools (the 
lead-off single for the album _The Lumberjack_ featured what is probably 
still the only known recording of a chain saw solo). But their follow-up, 
1994's _When Push Comes to Shove_, barely sold well enough to even chart, 
and Jackyl found themselves in the unique position of being a second-album 
dinosaur. 
	It seemed that in the new world of rock music, there wasn't room 
for a band that built every single song around the concepts of getting 
drunk, women, getting drunk with women, getting drunk and being without 
women, penis size, etc. But, undaunted, Jackyl switched labels and 
released the one thing that will always be a constant in the loud rock 
genre - a live album.
	_Night of the Living Dead_ is that live album - and it's a live album
in every meaning of the word. The sound is as raw as their live show, with no
overdubs whatsoever. Recorded on New Year's Eve in Dallas, Texas, Dupree
plays his audience like a instrument in and of itself - getting the screams
and howls of the crowd when he wants them and using them to full effect
	Nobody pulls off a flawless live show, and _Night of the Living Dead_ 
is a testament to that - guitar parts that are mixed too low, vocals that fade
with Dupree's movements, and other such gaffs are fairly commonplace on the
album. And while songs like "Redneck Punk" and "Mental Masturbation"
(featured on the _The Beavis and Butthead Experience_ compilation album) hold
up well in their live translations, other songs like "Rock-A-Ho" and "The
Lumberjack" don't do so well.
	But despite their occasional failings, Jackyl is a tight unit live,
and it shows. Dupree, along with guitarists Jimmy Stiff and Jeff Worley, 
bassist Tom Bettini and drummer Chris Worley give the audience a damn good 
show for their money and you can hear the appreciation from the crowd. 
Jackyl isn't concerned with the environment, or politics, or social issues 
of any type - they just want to have a party, and that's fine with me.
	Dupree has called Jackyl rock music's "turd in the punch bowl" - 
and he's got a point. Too much of rock music today requires you to think as 
much as you possibly can in the space of a four to five minute song. But all 
things come in cycles, and even if it means that we have to return to the 
"big hair rock" days of the eighties, the time for this music will come 
again. I only hope Jackyl will still be having their party - cuz they throw 
a helluva good one.
---
	REVIEW: Rollerskate Skinny, _Horsedrawn Wishes_ (Warner)
		- Jon Steltenpohl
	With the glut of polished "pop" alternative bands on the market, 
it's nice to hear a band that strides past the normal boundaries.  
Rollerskate Skinny is definitely a band that is wiggling its toes past 
the radio friendly limits.  Fans of Lush who are bemoaning the "loss" of 
the band to commercial forces might find that _Horsedrawn Wishes_ renews 
their faith in the major labels.  Rollerskate Skinny fills their songs to 
brim with shimmering guitars, subdued vocals, and a beat that isn't in 
such a hurry to get wherever it's going.  The first track, "Swingboat 
Yawning", is reminiscent of the whole "shoe gazer" genre that Lush typified 
in the early 90's, and it sets the tone for the entire album.
	When they veer away from the "shoe gazer" sound, the band strikes 
of Love and Rockets in the way they experiment in the studio.  Instead 
of just recording a song and mixing the levels in right, Rollerskate 
Skinny pokes and twists the basic tunes to a new musical plane.  There 
isn't an instrument or voice which hasn't been echoed, distorted, or 
tweaked.  In "Man Under Glass" and "Shimmer Son like a Star," alien 
whistles flutter peacefully underneath a thick layer of buzzing guitars.  
The ethereal vocals and acoustic guitars of "All Morning Break" are a 
welcome change from the full sound of the rest of the album and is the 
type of song which could have been an outtake from Love and Rocket's 
classic _Earth Sun Moon_ album.
	Other songs continue the studio exploration.  "One Thousand 
Couples" reminds one of a Beatles psychedelica song, and "Thirsty 
European" even has hints of The Doors with a modern twist.  "Bell jars 
away" is a faint throwback to the type of music Peter Gabriel made in 
the late seventies.  It's a tender song softened with synthesized flute 
and punctuated with triangle chimes.  The mood rises until it blooms 
near the end of the song in an impassioned display of layered vocal 
phrases.  Lyrics like "I have thrown myself into your warm hold where 
you bless away the shivering" and "I'm weak with the rush of the chance 
I've taken" help make the song the silent gem on _Horsedrawn Wishes_.
	Rollerskate Skinny definitely has an audience out there, and you 
know who you are.  This is an excellent album that reveals something new 
on every repeat listen.  Unfortunately, a new band like Rollerskate 
Skinny will have a tough time nudging it's way onto the radio.  But, 
with the recent airplay of new songs by Lush and Love and Rockets, they 
might have a chance. 
	WWW users can check out _Horsedrawn Wishes_ by  pointing your 
browser to the Rollerskate Skinny site at http://www.rollerskateskinny.ie
(click on "current release" icon).
---
	REVIEW: Too Much Joy, _...Finally_ - (Discovery)
		- Tim Hulsizer
	A few years back, Too Much Joy released their fourth album 
_Mutiny_ , which was unfortunately largely ignored. Our heroes proceeded 
to chill out for awhile, playing live only minimally at best as they worked
on songwriting and drinking beer.  Cool.  Enter Discovery Records last year
and a beautiful partnership was formed.  Now the TMJ boys have a new 
contract, a new album, and they're touring like weasels on speed.  This 
is a good thing.
	The new album is everything the old stuff was and more.  The 
first thing I worried about was the band losing their sense of humor, but 
upon seeing the album artwork, a young couple naked in bed after sex 
simultaneously thinking _...Finally_ , I knew they were still in peak 
form.  Inside you get the usual great booklet full of silly comments from 
the band, fun artwork, and clever lyrics.  The band is listed not only by 
the instruments they play, but by the reviews they've received in various 
music magazines.  As for William Wittman ("as yet unreviewed bass and 
singing") let me go on record right now as saying the man can power his 
way through a bassline better than most, and his falsetto puts Tiny Tim 
to shame.  
	Which brings me to the music itself.  The band is rocking harder 
than ever, but with the same great sense of melody and fun they've always 
shown.  On the opening track, "You Will", they comment on those AT&T 
commercials where Tom Selleck tells us about what we'll get to do in the 
future:  "Have you been faxed at the beach? / You Will-and you will not be 
scared / Have you felt our awesome reach? / You Will-and you will not be 
scared.../ Have you worshipped at our feet? / You Will..."
	The whole album is great fun to hum and sing along with, and the 
lyrics cover everything from love to confusion about the world in 
general.  I can't stress just how fun this album is;  to understand one 
must experience it for themselves.  Fast-paced, interesting, and well 
worth your cash.  Let's hope the general public gets exposed to Too Much 
Joy this time around.  The only unfortunate thing is that their previous 
albums are now out of print, a problem which will hopefully be solved in 
the near future.  For the time being, get _...Finally_ , fall in love with 
it, and then search those used CD shops near you.  Over and out.
---
	REVIEW: My Dying Bride, _The Angel and the Dark River_ (Fierce)
		- Lynna Prue Howard
	The hype that came to this reviewer with _The Angel and the Dark 
River_, the latest recording from goth daemons My Dying Bride, 
characterizes Aaron as "the band's carefree vocalist." Here are some of 
the carefree lyrics to which Aaron gives voice: "I will make them all lie 
down / Down where hope lies dying / With lust, you're kicking mankind to 
death / We live and die without hope..."
	I guess it's a matter of interpretation.
	Throughout this album, the band strums epic sturm and drang, 
whipping up a Wagnerish and cinematic mix of storytelling and a muscular 
blur of guitar-laden noise. It could be good, but it's a little short. 
Lacking the dynamic range of ancestors like Sisters of Mercy, and the 
lyrical facility of the likes of Metallica, My Dying Bride fall back on 
their one strong point, endurance. 
	In a few shining moments, the explosion of sound works.  Aaron 
sings "This terrible journey, oh, that no-one knows" against a backdrop 
of tortured guitars and, for a moment, the band wrings a little more 
pathos from the sound -- taking us into their angst. In "Your Shameful 
Heaven" some primitive, but effective violin coaxes meaning from each 
note. The plaintive violin is subjected to a predictable, brutal assault 
by the other instruments, but while it struggles to survive the onslaught,
the violin becomes an instrumental metaphor for the lyrics.
	On drums, Rick seems to rouse armies of the dead and set them to 
war again. The war is for a single soul and all the soldiers are the tortured and
divided personalities of a single man. A storm, if not present, is always on
the horizon. Sometimes this is good, but other times the repetition comes close
to boredom.
	Best recommended for the goth/metal fan, who wants to angst in
a bash 'em, slash 'em world.
---
	REVIEW: Poppyseed, _Blue Daze_ (C & S)
		- Reto Koradi
	Close your eyes and imagine walking through a mysterious landscape.
It's foggy, almost dark, and raining. That's the atmosphere for listening
to the debut album of the New York City band Poppyseed. It's not music for
a Saturday night (unless you hold your parties in a cave and dress all
black), but perfect if you get into a psychedelic mood on Sunday morning.
	The atmospheric and dreamy soundscapes that Poppyseed create could
be compared to the Red House Painters, with a dose of industrial sounds in
a NIN style. The tracks are long, and partly flow along carried mainly by
very nice guitar sounds. Other parts feature restless, expressive vocals
and interesting percussion rhythms. Apart from "In My Heart", which borrows
the basic pattern of Lou Reed's "Walk On The Wild Side", the songs are well
written, and show a band with a clear and quite unique concept.
	Poppyseed is not a bad name for this new band, there's definitely
a poppy seed in the more melodic parts of _Blue Daze_. What's growing out
of this seed is absolutely worth listening to: an expressive (and
impressive) album that creates an almost spiritual atmosphere.
---
	REVIEW: Drugstore, "Injection" single (Go!Discs Europe)
		- Tim Mohr
	A choppy riff similar to REM's cover of Wire's "Strange" opens 
the new Drugstore single, which then splays into that murky Drugstore sound.
	Lyrically, "Injection" continues the themes explored on their debut 
album. Isabel Monteiro laments her naive illusions of well-being: "Once upon 
a time I was so small, I had a silver plane and it looke so perfect from a 
distance - but all the walls were closing in and I was living in between..." 
Reflecting on her misconceptions, she tries without succes to convince 
herself and the listener that "It was perfect for a day." 
	The B-sides are equally engaging. "Heart of Honey" is a noisy, fast, 
bittersweet ballad that would not be out of place on a Jesus & Mary Chain 
album. The cd also includes a cover of the Flaming Lips' "She Don't Use 
Jelly," a song that is particularly well-suited to Drugstore's strengths. The 
band is joined by members of the Flaming Lips for this rendition.
	Finally, Terry Edwards successfully remakes "Gravity," from the 
album, as a string quartet. 
---
	REVIEW: Powder, "Deep-Fried" single (Parkway Europe)
		- Tim Mohr
	Joining the swelling ranks of Britpop bands fronted by women 
(Elastica, Sleeper, Echobelly, to name a few), Powder seem finally to have 
found an identity that distinguishes them from the rest of the field.
	On their previous single, "Afrodisiac," Powder came across very 
similar to Elastica, except that the Powder single, at nearly four minutes, 
was twice as long as most of Elastica's. A barely audible organ added to the 
searing guitars, and Powder's unidentified female singer was both more 
breathy and huskier than Justine Elastica or Louise Sleeper. The B-sides were 
equally well put together, with "Shave Me" particularly worthy of attention. 
The careening bass on "Fever" and the relentless guitars on all three tracks 
showed Powder to be very professional, but the work, while very catchy, 
failed to expand much on the Britpop canon.
	The latest single, however, sees Powder carving out a unique niche. 
"Deep-Fried" is introduced with a tense string part, starts with a jarring 
guitar riff, and then the band kicks into a quick song that nods to Joan 
Jett's early albums of no-nonsense rock. Powder's vocalist sounds very 
similar to Jett on this track, belting out her lyrics in an unrestrained 
growl. This can no longer be confused with other current bands, and the 
confidence evident on the single may signal that Powder themselves have 
realized this.
	A further sign of independence comes with the B-sides: a dub-
influenced cover of the Rolling Stones' obscurity "Memo From Turner" and an 
acoustic ballad, "Sold Out," that seems to equate consumerism with drug 
addiction. Since the Stones are not well regarded in the Britpop movement, 
which reveres the poppier and less blues- and American-influenced groups from 
the 60s over the Stones, and since the virtually unknown song has little 
commercial potential (when Oasis or Gene cover the Beatles they make their 
singles more attractive), Powder displays a newly-found disregard for the 
scene around them. Unfortunate, however, that in opting to concentrate on the 
fuzz bass of the Stones' version for a dubby effect, they jettison the slide 
guitar of the original.
---
NEWS:	> Joining the CD sales world on the web is CD Universe,
another site with (according to their claims) 180,000 discs and 
cassettes available for purchase on-line.  Their WWW address is:
http://www.cduniverse.com
	> All these people who are so disappointed with the Lush album 
should check out some of the European single b-sides - particularly 
"Tinkerbell" from the first CD (of 2) of  "Single Girl."  It sounds like 
the old classics and throws in a wooden flute (ala Troggs' "Wild Thing") 
just for good measure. - Tim Mohr
	> The upcoming "Global Internet Gathering, featuring the Macintosh 
New York Music Festival" will showcase live music from around the world 
at more than 30 events (including 15 New York City clubs) as well as live
audio, video and chat streams.  Musicians can post performance information
and users can chat with artists at the fest or find out upcoming 
performance dates.  The festival is July 14-20; the Web page for it is at 
http://www.thegig.com 
	> Mercury Records can be found on the World Wide Web; their
site is at: http://www.mercuryrecords.com/mercury
	> The public relations offices of MSO (Mitch Schneider Organization)
has recently jumped online and is on the web at http://www.msopr.com
	> P.M. Dawn will remix "Blood, Milk & Sky", a track from 
the forthcoming album by White Zombie containing remixed versions 
of songs from _Astro Creep: 2000 Songs of Love, Destruction_.
	> The Sex Pistols may be playing on several continents
this summer, but don't look for a stop in Greece.  Greek promoter 
Niko Sachpasidis passed on booking the group because "the music 
and audience the band associates to (sic) is the punk audience and 
they are the ones that will cause problems to the extent of riots."  
Mr. Sachpasidis went on to explain, "We have been very careful 
over the years with bands that we promote and with the precautions 
we take, we have succeeded in establishing high standards.  I do not 
want, therefore, for the sake of one band to risk ruining the live 
industry in Greece, as it will take a long time for the concert goers to 
regain their faith in live shows.  For this reason, I personally ask that 
you do not offer this show to any other promoter in Greece, as I do 
not believe that anyone will be able to foresee or prevent any major 
problems which shall be inevitable."
	> The Smashing Pumpkins will be broadcasting their May 11 concert
in Dublin, Ireland live across the Internet, as well as conducting a live
chat that same night.  In addition, a contest will be held, with the lucky
winner being flown to a Smashing Pumpkins concert and to meet the band.
For further information, check out IMusic at http:/www.imusic.com and
Virgin (U.K.) Records site at http://www.vmg.co.uk
	> Chats on Sonicnet (http://www.sonicnet.com/sonicore/chat)
in the near future include: May 1, Don Fleming of Gumball, 7:30 pm
and May 2, Afrika Bambaata, 7:00 pm.
	> Sonicnet's Action Ready Singles, Volume 4 has been
put on the Web at http://www.sonicnet.com/feature/ars4  It contains
upcoming tracks from Bob Mould, Kelly Deal and New Kingdom as
well as tracks from The Butthole Surfers and Cracker that will be 
unavailable in America, plus more.
	> The San Francisco band Vinyl Devotion has gotten its own
Web page, located at: http://www.interbridge.com/vinyl/vinyl.html
---
TOUR DATES
	Ammonia / Skunk Anansie
May 1 Detroit, MI St. Andrews
May 4 Nashville, TN Riverfront Park
May 5 Boston, MA Paradise
May 9 Portchester, NY 7 Willow Street
May 10 Washington, DC 930 Club
May 14 Providence, RI Babyhead
May 15 New York, NY Wetlands

	Bad Religion / Unwritten Law / Dance Hall Crashers
May 3 Portland, OR La Luna
May 4 Vancouver, BC Plaza of Nations
May 6 Davis, CA Freeborn Hall
May 8 San Francisco, CA Warfield Theatre
May 9 Santa Cruz, CA Santa Cruz Civic
May 10 Fresno, CA Wilson Theater
May 11 San Bernardino, CA Citrus Pavillion
May 12 Phoenix, AZ Mesa Amphitheatre
May 14-15 San Diego, CA Soma

	Bloodhound Gang
May 5 Augusta, GA The Capri Cinema
May 6 Columbia, SC Rockefeller's
May 7 Athens, GA 40 Watt Club
May 8 Chapel Hill, NC Cat's Cradle
May 10 Atlanta, GA BLT
May 11 Jacksonville, FL Moto Lounge
May 12 Pensacola, FL Sluggo's
May 14 Dallas, TX The Galaxy Club
May 15 Houston, TX Fitzgerald's

	Blue Mountain
May 4 Memphis, TN Beale St. Music Fest

	Cordelia's Dad
May 3 Northampton, MA Iron Horse

	Curdlefur
May 3 New York, NY CBGB

	Dada
May 1 Norfolk, VA Town Point Park
May 3 Philadelphia, PA Middle East
May 4 Washington, DC Bayou
May 5 New Haven, CT Toads Place
May 7 Boston, MA Mama Kin
May 9 New York City, NY Mercury Lounge
May 10 Long Branch, NJ Metro
May 11 Providence, RI Lupo's
May 13 Ann Arbor, MI Rick's
May 14 Chicago, IL Park West

	Download / Lydia Lunch / King Black Acid / Difference Engine
May 4 Vancouver, BC Penthouse 

	Far
May 3 Brockport, NY SUNY Conservation Club
May 5 Asbury Park, NJ Stone Pony
May 6 New Haven, CT Toad's Place
May 7 Portland, ME Bad Habbit's Live
May 8 Boston, MA Axis
May 9 Providence, RI Strand
May 10 Springfield, MA McKars

	50 Feet Tall
May 6 New York, NY Continental

	Goldfinger
May 1 Rochester, NY Water Street
May 3 New York, NY Tramps (w/Lunachicks)
May 4 Asbury Park, NJ Metro
May 5 College Park, MD Univ. of MD
May 7 Richmond, VA Twisters
May 9 Augusta, GA Capri Cinema
May 10 Jacksonville, FL Milk Bar

	Grover
May 8 Tampa, FL The Rub
May 12 Ft. Myers, FL Pyramids
May 14 Raleigh, NC The Grove
May 15 Fayetteville, NC Flaming Mug

	Arlo & Abe Guthrie
May 8 Alexandria, VA Birchmere
May 9 New York, NY Alice Tully Hall
May 10 Glenside, PA Keswick Theatre

	Half Hour To Go
May 1 Chapel Hill, NC Local 506
May 2 Asheville, NC 31 Patton
May 6 Orlando, FL Sapphire Supper Club
May 7 Jacksonville, FL Spike's Dog House
May 8 Montgomery, AL Head on the Door
May 9 Tallahassee, FL Waterworks
May 12 San Antonio, TX DMZ
May 15 Houston, TX Urban Art Bar

	Inch/No Knife/Chune tour
May 1 Dallas, TX Galaxy
May 4 St. Louis, MO Side Door
May 5 Lawrence, KS Bottleneck
May 6 Omaha, NE Cog Factory
May 8 Denver, CO Bug Theatre
May 9 Salt Lake City, UT Bar & Grill
May 10 Boise, ID Neurolux
May 11 Seattle, WA Moe
May 12 Portland, OR Satyricon
May 13 Chico, CA Juanita's
May 14 San Francisco, CA Bottom of the Hill

	Howard Jones
May 1 Austin, TX Cactus Cafe
May 2 Dallas, TX Arcadia
May 3 Memphis, TN Beale St. Festival
May 5 Atlanta, GA Midtown Music Festival
May 7 Asheville, NC Be Here Now
May 8 Raleigh, NC Newbar
May 9 Pittsburgh, PA Rosebud
May 10 Toronto, ON Lee's Palace
May 11 Ottawa, ON Barrymore Theatre
May 12 Montreal, QC Club Soda
May 14 Burlington, VT Club Metronome

	Killing Joke
May 5 Florence Auditorium
May 6 Milan Rainbow
May 7 Geneva L'usine
May 8 Bulle Ebulittion
May 9 Munich Charterhouse
May 10 Vienna Szene Wien 
May 12 Frankfurt Batschkapp
May 13 Nurnberg Hirsch
May 14 Berlin Huxley's
May 15 Cologne Live Music Hall 

	Ottmar Liebert
May 1 St. Paul, MN Fitzgerald Theatre 

	Life of Agony
May 1 Lubbock, TX Depot
May 2 Houston, TX Millenium
May 3 Oklahoma City, OK Bricktown Live
May 4 Wichita, KS Rock Island
May 7 Shreveport, LA Malibu Beach Club
May 8 St. Louis, MO Mississippi Nights
May 9 Nashville, TN 328 Performance Hall
May 10 Raleigh, NC Players
May 11 Johnson City, TN Nightmoves
May 14 Wilmington, NC Mad Monk
May 15 Winston-Salem, NC Ziggy's

	Limblifter / Stanford Prison Experiment / Local H
May 7 Boston, MA Axis
May 8 Providence, RI Lupos
May 9 New York, NY Tramps
May 10 Asbury Park, NJ Stone Pony
May 11 Philadelphia, PA Trocadero
May 14 Washington, DC 9:30 Club
May 15 Pittsburgh, PA Metropol

	Liquor Bike
May 1 Huntsville, AL Planet Rock
May 2 St. Louis, MO Cicero's
May 3 Toledo, OH Whit's End
May 4 Newport, KY Southgate House
May 5 Cleveland, OH Euclid Tavern
May 6 Kalamazoo, MI Club Soda
May 7 Columbia, MO Down Under
May 8 Madison, WI O'Cayz
May 9 Milwaukee, WI Unicorn
May 10 Omaha, NE Cog Factory
May 11 Des Moines, IA Safari
May 13 Kansas City, MO Grand Emporium
May 15 Salt Lake City, UT Cinema Bar

	Modern English / 3 Day Wheely
May 1 Philadelphia, PA Theatre of Living Arts
May 3 New York, NY Irving Plaza
May 4 Providence, RI Lupo's
May 5 Boston, MA Mama Kin
May 7 Hartford, CT Webster Theatre

	Alanis Morissette
May 31 Portland, OR Rose Garden 
Jun. 1 George/Seattle, WA The Gorge 
Jun. 3 Salt Lake City, UT Delta Center 
Jun. 5 Denver, CO Red Rocks 
Jun. 7-8 Berkeley, CA Greek Theatre
Jun. 9 Sacramento, CA Cal Expo 

	Nada Surf
May 1 New York, NY Brownie's

	Nature/Acumen
May 2 Atlanta, GA Masquerade
May 3 Charlotte, NC Tremont Music Hall
May 4 Fayetteville, NC Neo
May 5 Norfolk, VA The Baitshack
May 7 Springfield, VA Jaxx
May 8 Pittsburgh, PA Cloud 9
May 9 Philadelphia, PA Dancing Ferret
May 10 New York, NY Coney Island High
May 11 Long Island, NY Nostradamus
May 12 Portland, MA Bad Habits
May 14 Albany, NY Qe2
May 15 Grand Rapids, MI Reptile House

	Nields
May 3 Geneva, NY Smith College Folk Fest
May 3 Syracuse, NY Onandaga College
May 4 Albany, NY Eighth Step
May 5 Amherst, MA Amherst College
May 9 Camden, ME Camden Opera House
May 10 Somerville, MA Somerville Theatre
May 11 Alexandria, VA Birchmere

	No Doubt
May 1 Boise, ID BSU Pavillion
May 2 Salt Lake City, UT Delta Center
May 4-5 Morrison, CO Red Rocks Amphitheatre
May 15 Hollywood, CA Palladium

	O-Matic
May 10 Chicago, IL Fireside Bowl
May 11 Toledo, OH Whit's End

	Anders Osborne
May 1 New Orleans, LA Tipitina's
May 3 New Orleans, LA Tipitina's  / also Jazz & Heritage Festival
May 5 Atlanta, GA Music Midtown Festival

	Ozzy Osbourne / Type O Negative / Sepultura
May 1 Lubbock, TX Lubbock Coliseum
May 3 Corpus Christi, TX Sky Park
May 4 Austin, TX South Park Meadows
May 5 Dallas, TX Deep Ellum Live
May 7 Shreveport, LA Hirsch Memorial Center
May 8 Jackson, MS Coliseum
May 10 Birmingham, AL Oak Mountain Amphitheatre
May 11 Biloxi, MS Gulf Coast Coliseum
May 14 Charlotte, NC Blockbuster Pavillion

	Ruby
May 1 Raleigh, NC The Brewery
May 3 Atlanta, GA Cotton Club

	Semisonic / Verve Pipe
May 1 San Francisco, CA Slims
May 3 Portland, OR Barbati's Pan
May 4 Seattle, WA Crocodile Cafe
May 5 Vancouver, BC Town Pump
May 9 Boulder, CO Fox Theater
May 10 Denver, CO Bluebird theater

	Shelter
May 1 Providence, RI Babyhead
May 2 Boston, MA Axis
May 3 New Haven, CT Toad's Place
May 4 New York, NY Irving Plaza
May 5 Asbury Park, NJ Stone Pony
May 7 Pittsburgh, PA Grafitti
May 8 Philadelphia, PA Troacdero
May 9 Washington, DC Capital Ballroom
May 10 Richmond, VA Twisters
May 13 Detroit, MI Shelter

	Smashing Pumpkins
Jul. 9 Washington, DC US Air Arena
Jul. 12 New York, NY Madison Square Garden
Jul. 14 East Rutherford, NJ Continental Arena
Aug. 17 San Francisco, CA Cow Palace
Aug. 18 San Jose, CA Shark Tank
Aug. 21 Los Angeles, CA Forum

	Stanford Prison Experiment
May 2 Milwaukee, WI The Rave
May 3 Cleveland, OH Euclid Tavern

	Tears For Fears / Amanda Marshall
May 1 Denver, CO Paramount Theatre
May 2 Salt Lake City, UT Abravenal Hall
May 4 Seattle, WA Moore Theatre
May 5 Portland, OR Roseland Theatre
May 7 San Francisco, CA Warfield Theatre
May 9 Los Angeles, CA Wiltern Theatre
May 10 San Diego, CA 4th & B
May 11 Las Vegas, NV The Joint/Hard Rock Hotel

	V3
May 2 Vancouver, BC Commodore Ballroom
May 3 Seattle, WA Moe's
May 4 Portland, OR Barbatis Pan
May 7 San Francisco, CA Great American Music Hall
May 10 Los Angeles, CA Whiskey

	Velour
May 6 New York, NY Brownie's

	Vitapup
May 1 New York, NY Brownie's
May 2 Baltimore, MD Memory Lane
May 3 Philadlephia, PA Upstairs At Nick's
May 4 West Chester, PA Rex's
May 8 Philadelphia, PA Queer Show
May 9 Washington, DC Black Cat
May 10 West Warwick, RI The Met
May 11 Boston, MA T.T. The Bear's
May 15 Huntington, WV Drop Shop

	Wasted Time
May 12 Huntington, NY YMCA

	Weston
May 2 Norfolk, VA Basement
May 3 Chapel Hill, NC Lizard & Snake
May 4 Columbia, SC Rockafella's
May 7 Jacksonville, FL Spike's Doghouse
May 8 Fort Pierce, FL School House
May 11 Pensacola, FL Nite Owl
May 12 New Orleans, LA Fauborg Center
---
THE READERS WRITE BACK!
	That Warren Cucurrulo review convinced me to buy the album. It was 
great! It really exposed me to a whole different side of him; I always 
thought of him as this trend-band kind of guy, when it turns out all 
along that he's a musically thoughtful, talented master. - N.G., New York City
---
To get back issues of Consumable, check out:
        FTP:     orbit.bd.psu.edu in the directory /pub/Consumable
                 ftp.etext.org in the directory /pub/Zines/Consumable
        Gopher:  diana.zems.etf.hr
                 Engleski Jezik/Music/Consumable or          
                 Hrvastki Jezik/Glazbena Rubrika/Consumable
        (URL)    gopher://diana.zems.etf.hr:70/11/eng/Music/Consumable
                 http://www.westnet.com/consumable/Consumable.html 
        (WWW)    http://www.westnet.com
        (CIS)    on Compuserve Notes: GO FORUM
        (Delphi) Music Fandom forum; GO ENT MUSIC
Web access contributed by WestNet Internet Services (westnet.com),
serving Westchester County, NY.
Promotional support provided by Music Interactive
(http://musicinteractive.com), a free online resource for aspiring musicians
and other music professionals seeking to expand their careers, networking,
music skills and scope.

Address any written correspondence to Bob Gajarsky, Consumable Online,
409 Washington St. #294, Hoboken, New Jersey 07030
===
