==== ISSUE 62 ====         CONSUMABLE         ======== [November 28, 1995]

  Editor:             Bob Gajarsky
		        Internet: gajarsky@pilot.njin.net
  Sr. Correspondents: Jeremy Ashcroft, Martin Bate, Al Crawford,
                      Dan Enright, Reto Koradi, David Landgren, 
                      Tim Mohr, Jamie Roberts, Joe Silva, John Walker
  Correspondents:     Dan Birchall, Lee Graham Bridges, Scott Byron, Jason 
                      Cahill, Eric Hsu, Tim Hulsizer, Daniel Kane, Mario Lia,
                      Sean Eric McGill, P. Nina Ramos, Linda Scott, 
                      Ali Sinclair, Jon Steltenpohl, Courtney Muir Wallner, 
                      Britain Woodman
  Technical Staff:    Chris Candreva, Dave Pirmann, Damir Tiljak,
		      Jason Williams
 
 Address all comments, subscriptions, etc. to gajarsky@pilot.njin.net
==================================================================
	All articles in Consumable remain (C) copyright their author(s). 
Permission for re-publication in any form other than within this
document must be obtained from the editor.
==================================================================
                            .------------.
                            |  Contents  |
                            `------------' 
INTERVIEW: Individual Fruit Pie , - John Walker
REVIEW: Edwyn Collins _Gorgeous George_ - Scott Byron
CONCERT REVIEW: The Charlatans - Tim Mohr
REVIEW: Candlebox,  _Lucy_ - Mario J. Lia
REVIEW: Ferron, _Phantom Center_ - Reto Koradi
REVIEW: Eat Static, _Epsylon_ - Tim Mohr
REVIEW: Drip, _No More Talkin'_ - Jon Steltenpohl
REVIEW: Fig Dish, _That's What Love Songs Often Do_ - Jason Cahill
REVIEW: Charlie Hunter Trio _Bing, Bing, Bing!_ - Ali Sinclair
REVIEW: Paw _Death to Traitor_ - Martin Bate
REVIEW: Hum, _You'd Prefer An Astronaut_ - Joe D'Angelo
REVIEW: Stereolab, _Refried Ectoplasm: Switched On Vol. 2_ - Tim Mohr
REVIEW: Soundtrack, _National Lampoon's Senior Trip_ - Daniel Kane
REVIEW: Psykosonik, _Unlearn_ - Jamie Roberts
NEWS:, Mark Olson/Jayhawks, Toad the Wet Sprocket,
   Mike Watt/Porno for Pyros
TOUR DATES: Anthrax, Banco de Gaia / Emergency Broadcast Network, Barkmarket,
   Better Than Ezra (With Dambuilders), Boiled In Lead, Neal Casal, Lisa 
   Cerbone, Cravin' Melon, Donovan, Robben Ford & Blue Line Tour, Paris 
   Hampton, Freedy Johnston, Knapsack, Huey Lewis & The News, Natalie 
   Merchant, 134, Phish, Plastic Mikey, Rembrandts Acoustic Radio 
   Performances, Silverchair, Squirrel Nut Zippers, Vinyl Devotion
THE READERS WRITE BACK!
Back Issues of Consumable
---
	INTERVIEW: Individual Fruit Pie (dotdotdash) 
		- John Walker
	One of the most pleasant musical surprises of the year thus far for
yours truly has been this hip little 5-song EP by the quirkily named New
York band Individual Fruit Pie.  The EP was produced by Ultra Vivid Scene
wunkerkind Kurt Ralske, and I.F.P. actually share a lyrical obsession with
the UVS leader, that being an intense preoccupation with the fetishistic side
of sexual experience, and the emotional side effects of intense states of
desire.  Songs like "Creature of Habit" and "Blatant Sex" detail the
simultaneous attraction and repulsion of the romantic outsider in an
artily fragile, blackly humourous manner that brings to mind the work
of David Bowie on his groundbreaking album, _Low_.  British transplant
and I.F.P. singer/lyricist J.C. croons like he's on the edge of a nervous
collapse, as fellow Brit Gary Thomas punctuates the sentiments with ringing
guitars, elevating tunes like "Still-Death" into mini-masterpieces of
soaring emotion.  I.F.P. understand that irony and emotion can, and indeed     
must, mix: that being funny doesn't entail a lack of seriousness, a point
sadly lost on so many of today's "postmodern" rock bands.       
	Intrigued with this mysteriously monikered bunch, _Consumable_ e-mailed
them a list of questions, and here is the result, courtesy of Head Pies J.C. 
and Gary Thomas.    
Consumable:  First, the band's name: Is it Dadaesque? Or does it actually 
	mean something?
JC:   That's your one Gary.
GARY: Is it mine?  Oh, why is it mine?  You came up with it.
JC:   Out of hunger, yeah pure hunger.
GARY: No, it was actually the most ludicrous name we could come up with.

C:  JC was in a band called _Contact Obsession_, and that's a theme
      I hear in IFP's music, cf. "Creature of Habit," "Blatant Sex,"
      and "My Opportunity, My Foot."  Is contact obsession a constant
      theme in your music?
JC:   Um, that's actually a good question, I reckon it is, a theme in my 
      whole life. And i'm hoping to get some contact tonight.
GARY: That's cause he actually hasn't had much contact (ha, ha).  Most of
      the songs are about sexual inadaquacy.
JC:   I didnt write any of the songs (ha, ha, ha)
GARY: They're just drawn from life experience.
JC:   Rich experience.

C:  Kurt Ralske of UVS I think did a great production job in terms        
      of dynamics.  What was it like working with him?
GARY: Well we're still working with him.  We havent fired him.  It was
      very, very easy working with him.  He's like another member of the band.
      He *is* another member of the band.  Things just clicked with Kurt.
JC:   We work very quickly together.
GARY: We know everything we're doing when we go in to record.
      He's particually good with arringing the strings.
JC:   Yeah, he came up with the string melodys.

C:  Do you think Ralske is a kindred spirit, in that he writes about
      fetishistic sex and desire as a kind of basic theme?
JC:   Yeah, absolutely.
GARY: That's what drew you together.
JC:   I loved his first album and it drew me to him.  There was a likeness
      in what he was experiencing, something in his lyrics, a sort of
      loneliness that I was attracted to.
GARY: JC thought he needed befriending (ha, ha) .  I never really
      heard kurt's music that much.  I knew him as a person, but didn't
      know his music too well.  But as a person, I knew it would work.

C:  Your press release doesn't list him, but I hear echoes of Bowie
      at his most blackly ironic.  True or false?
JC:   It's interesting cause a few radio stations said some songs
      reminded them of Bowie.  I hadn't actually considered it, but I guess,
      yeah, maybe from his early music.
GARY: I think it's the Englishness of it.  We may have drawn upon
      similar life experiences.  I think people find it hard to pin our
      sound down.  It runs from Joy Division to Rex Harrision, it's
      there.  I suppose if that's what people are hearing I guess its there.
      We don't want to be pidgeon-holed or part of a scene.
JC:   No scene would want us.
GARY: We've been sort of picked up with this easy listening sound.
      I guess anything without a guitar is being lumped with lounge music.

C:  In "Blatant Sex" you sing, "I'm in a sense of bliss right now/
      Cause I don't know who you are."                     
      What's more important: desire itself (and imagination), or
      its actualization? 
JC:   I wouldn't know about actualizing.  You must have listened very
      carefully to that line.  Someone thought that was "I'm innocent in bliss
      right now" - it could have a double meaning.  And by the way, it's
      encouraging that an interviewer would actually listen to the lyrics.
GARY: Yeah, it's quite flattering.
JC:   I think imagination is important, but it can be rewarding to
      have it actualized sometimes.
GARY: And sometimes it can be a disappointment.  Sometimes the
      fantasy is better.

C:  So what about sucking toes (detailed in "My Opportunity, My Foot")?
      Is this a 90s trend?
JC:   Ha, ha, ha!  Well, i wont mention names...
GARY: That was based on reality.  Sucking toes has been a trend,
      but it goes back futher than the 90's.
JC:   But in our circle I don't think there are many toes that would be
      good to suck.
GARY: What was that film, a surrealist film with a woman sucking the toes of
      a statue?  That could be an unconscious influence in that song.
JC:   If anyone is interested in the "toes sucking revival"....
GARY: Yeah, just come to our shows! (ha, ha)
---
	REVIEW: Edwyn Collins _Gorgeous George_ (Bar/None)
		- Scott Byron
	Students of indie-pop pre-history will recognize Edwyn Collins as
the singer in Orange Juice, one of the most heralded bands on the seminal
Postcard Records label in the late '70s.  The Scottish label and band were
pioneers of a then-fledgling indie scene, but, like so many respected and
important labels and bands of the time (as in this time), they couldn't
survive with limited success, and were forced to fold.  Orange Juice
continued on with a major label for a while, and Edwyn released a handful
of solo albums after they broke up.
	Despite this long career and recognition (among the pop 
cognoscenti, at least), it's remarkable to find out that this is the very 
first of Collins' works to be released in the U.S., and at that, not 
until after significant sales had already been racked up all over Europe, 
including a few number ones.  And lo and behold, America seems to be 
digging it, too.
	As well we should - _Gorgeous George_ is one of the most
enjoyable albums of the year.  It's a well-crafted record that never loses
its emotional core: an album that respects and honors its soulful
predecessors but which is still very contemporary; a fine balance of
precision and recklessness, of romance and hard reality.  You've probably
heard the brilliant single "A Girl Like You" already, and reacted the same
way most of did, with an initial "Wow!  What the hell is that!" giving way
quickly to hip-shaking grooving.  It's like a record out of time, both old
and new.  It's one of the most instantly likable records in ages, and
certainly one of the singles of the year. 
	Much of the album (like much of his earlier work) seems most
directly inspired by the soul hits of the '60s and '70s, reveling in
light, funky grooves, Collins' creamy-smooth voice riding above, crisply
enunciating each "t" and "s," but allowing a slight brogue to sneak in
here and there.  At its best, as on "If You Could Love Me" and the title
track, it's downright intoxicating stuff.
	_Gorgeous George_ is also, at lease in part, a concept album about
not having a record deal.  Counterbalancing the love songs are a handful
which dwell on what must have been happening in Edwyn's life while he was
making this album.  We're clued into this early, as the album title itself
refers to a British slang for a certain kind of stylish, annoying
scenester, and the opening track is non-too-subtly titled "The Campaign
For Real Rock."  Later on, "North Of Heaven" seems to bite the hand that's
rejected him, with lines like "Don't assume you can ignore me/You best
bite your lip in case I/Make it after all" and memorably rips the then
band-of-the-moment (who he must not have fit in very well next to): "Some
mother's talking 'bout Guns 'n' Roses/As if I give a fuck/At best I think
they suck/I'm too occupied with my memories/Not nonentities."
	Normally, I react badly to people writing music about the music 
business -- I just don't think most of us care much about how you hate 
doing promotion or touring or interviews or whatever.  But Collins makes 
it work here, carefully not overdoing it and keeping his sense of humor 
about it all.  Ultimately, _Gorgeous George_ falls together as a vivid 
picture of his life and feelings.
---
	CONCERT REVIEW: The Charlatans (UK) at The Loft, Berlin
		- Tim Mohr
	Few bands on the current British circuit have four albums and years 
of touring under their belts. An extensive repertoire and understanding of 
professional live performance make for a rewarding concert experience, as the 
Charlatans prove on their latest tour. 
	Though their last two records have shown continual growth and 
maturation, in concert the Charlatans still harken back to the heyday of 
Manchester's rave scene of the late 80s, back when rave meant bands with live 
instruments whose music was danceable - Happy Mondays, Stone Roses, Inspiral 
Carpets, and the Charlatans. The band emerges amidst a haze of dry-ice fog, 
singer Tim Burgess already possessed by the beat that has yet to kick in.
	The newest material takes on an intensified, wobbly infectiousness as 
the band digs in, and audience dancing peaks for the latest single, "Just 
When You're Thinkin' Things Over" as much as for classics like "The Only One 
I Know" and "Weirdo."
	Burgess sings confidently and writhes with a beat that bodily 
animates him throughout the show, a rhythmic parasite that contorts his arms 
and his elastic Mick Jagger lips. The band sounds muscular and thick, like on 
the last two records, but has not relinquished the ability to groove and to 
knead bass and organ into a potent loaf of dance-inspiring noise.
	And happily, the band touches every period of their career, playing 
"The Only One," "Then," and "Sproston Green" from their debut as well as 
"Weirdo" from the second lp, revitalizing the underappreciated "Can't Get Out 
of Bed," "Jesus Hairdo" and "I Never Want an Easy Life" from _Up to Our 
Hips_, and solidifying their vision with most of the songs from the new album.
	The Charlatans continue to make a good case for themselves, and 
continue to comfound the doubters who still claim for the Stone Roses a 
position of artificial prominence above other contemporaries. Unfortunately 
for these people, the Charlatans have produced a far superior album this year 
and continue to put on better concerts.
---
	REVIEW: Candlebox,  _Lucy_ (Maverick)
		- Mario J. Lia
	Candlebox was formed in 1991 by Kevin Martin(singer/guitarist) and
 Scott Mercado(drummer). The band, which also includes Peter
Klett(guitarist) and bassist Bardi Martin(no relation to Kevin),
released their album _Candlebox_ in 1993. After touring for almost two
years solid, Candlebox is back with a new album called _Lucy_. 
	There are some truly rocking songs on this album. One of the best
is called "Best Friend". This song starts out with guitar and some police
siren feedback. When the drums come in, they kick the song into high
gear, definitely a great single. Also another notable mention is
"Butterfly" the song so good they had to do it twice. The only thing in
common between "Butterfly" and "Butterfly (Reprise)" is the title.
"Butterfly" is slow, and almost dirge-like. It builds and builds this
wall of sound and feedback and then comes back down again. "Butterfly
(Reprise)" is more melodic and less of a change between verse and
chorus. 
	Then again, this album could be considered a "sophomore slump" album.
They have the same band members, and the same people producing it. Songs
like "Drowned" and "Lucy" are very similer in style and structure to
their first album. Don't get me wrong, they aren't bad songs,
just nothing new or different.
	If you loved the first album then _Lucy_ is a must have - you won't
be at all disappointed. If you were turned off by the first album's sound
there still might be hope; this album has a lot more energy and is more
natural sounding. This time around they just plugged in and played, and
for that we are rewarded with a really good album.
---
	REVIEW: Ferron, _Phantom Center_ (EarthBeat!/Warner)
		- Reto Koradi
	Ferron is far from being a young talent, having released 6 albums
in the last 20 years. But her major label debut makes this Canadian a new
player in the premier league of female singers/songwriters. Tori Amos and
The Indigo Girls have to content themselves with backing vocals here, and
rightly so, because Ferron has plenty to offer herself.
	What is striking about this album is the stylistic diversity. From
the powerful and energetic opening track "Stand Up", over the groovy
"Indian Dreams", to the beautiful and romantic "Harmless Love". She also
plays with African influences in "The Cart", and "Heart Of Destruction"
has an irresistable calypso rhythm. Despite this wide scope, there is
still enough consistency, which is mainly given by Ferron's dark, warm and
expressive voice, and by the sheer quality of both the songs and the
musical performance. There are also a bunch of tracks that are more in the
"traditional" singer/songwriter style, mainly focusing on vocals and
Ferron's acoustic guitar. "My, My" and "Higher Wisdom" are first class
songs in this category.
	Ferron's _Phantom Center_ is a must for all fans of female artists
like Sarah McLachlan or Jane Siberry and still a very worthwile buy for
anybody with ears for excellent music in the best singer/songwriter
tradition, plus more.
---
	REVIEW: Eat Static, _Epsylon_ (Planet Dog/Mammoth)
		- Tim Mohr
	It is sometimes difficult to say exactly what makes some techno 
interesting. Eat Static's U.S. debut is certainly one of those interesting 
techno projects, but the difficulty of explanation remains.
	Eat Static started as a sideproject of two members of England's Ozric 
Tentacles. If you know Ozric Tentacles, a band for whose music even the term 
jazz odyssey would be woefully inadequate, you might be able to surmise a few 
things about Eat Static: they will be weird, expansive, and indifferent to 
general trends in their genre. And it's true.
	Take the second track, "Dionysiac," for example: jungle breakbeats, 
mysterious Bulgarian voices, and a wildly careening string arrangement stolen 
from Middle Eastern chart hits. The sounds and samples on all the tracks are 
lovingly bent and shaped into a neo-60s-sci-fi-atmosphere even while 
pulsating across a 90s dance floor.
	The use of outer-space imagery, occasional spoken-word samples from 
sci-fi films, and the implicitly spacey sonics add a deep-space hush to the 
album, making it listenable at home. _Epsylon_ is not the sleepy ambient of 
Orb or Skylab, but the trance-ish beats are not too agitated and frenetic for 
non-club listening. This versatility is lacking from less interesting techno 
and house, and makes Eat Static's _Epsylon_ well worth checking out.
---
	REVIEW: Drip, _No More Talkin'_ (Ghostmeat Records)
		 - Jon Steltenpohl
	Is their anything more tasty than good quality music with a DIY punk 
attitude?  I don't think so.  "New Rock" radio stations are starting to get 
the idea, but they're still stuck on pop bands with a bit of punk.  The 
truth is that a lot of people are looking for a little more substance and 
strength.  If you agree, do not pass go, do not collect $200, and head 
directly to Drip.  They take a little power from Fugazi, a smidgen of 
intensity from Tool, add a slight whiff of playfulness from Violent Femmes 
and mix it an oddly original concoction called Drip.
	Hailing from Toccoa, Georgia, this young group oozes all of the signs 
of greatness.  Lead guitarist, vocalist, and songwriter Andy LeMaster and 
drummer and back-up vocalist Clay Leverett have been together since junior 
high school and put out a few records on their own as The Remedy.  Now that 
they've reached their 20's, LeMaster and Leverett have added bassist Casey 
Scott and formed Drip.  Much like the under appreciated Redd Kross, Drip 
has obviously had a head start on their music by starting young, and they 
successfully merge the angst of youth with incredible sonic force.
	LeMaster sings with an angry, powerful voice that grates and pummels 
just like any good punk, but, just wait, there's more.  Sometimes he backs off 
into a frailed whisper that shakes and shimmies.  Then, just like a beat 
down Hulk Hogan getting ready to recover and body slam Andre the Giant, 
LeMaster surges with life and lays out the crunching onslaught you've been 
waiting for.  When they quit giving pile drivers, Drip reminds me of a punk 
version of the Violent Femmes, and LeMaster sings with a tortured, whiny 
voice that exposes a smarmy twang and sad irony.
	But it isn't just LeMaster's vocals that make Drip a great little band.
The music behind his voice is solid.  Drip doesn't follow the punk 
tradition of copping out with fast chords and noisy drums to hide a lack of 
music ability and songwriting skills.  Instead, Drip has the skills to 
speed up and slow down and launch off again without a pause.  Scott never 
misses a beat on bass, and LeMaster's guitar is playful and powerful.  
	However, the anchor of the band has to be Leverett.  While it's crucial
to have great songs and vocals, a band of this type is never great unless it 
has a driving rhythm.  Leverett is, thankfully, an incredible drummer.  
Like Led Zeppelin's John Bohnam or Nirvana's Dave Grohl, Leverett takes 
Drip to a higher level and makes complicated rhythms fit seamlessly with 
even the simplest songs.  The fact that he adds back-up vocals makes his 
contribution to Drip even more valuable.
	Now, unless you have a damn fine radio station, you probably won't get
a chance to hear Drip's _No More Talkin'_.  If you do, call and request to 
hear any song on the album.  "Wilt", "Chopped", and "Enemy" are good places 
to start for the general public.  Fans of Uncle Tupelo's heavier songs 
should also ask for "The Cradle".  If you're in a hostile radio 
environment, then go ahead and contact Ghostmeat Records directly.  Those 
who worship Fugazi's Dischord label should get acquainted with Drip and 
Ghostmeat Records.  It will be worth your while.  Mail order from the label 
is cheap, they offer many compilations of southeastern U.S. bands, and 
their catalog is available by e-mail or SASE.
	To reach Ghostmeat Records and Drip, write to Russ Hallauer by e-mail
at RLHallauer@aol.com or by snail mail at P.O. Box 54693, Atlanta, GA  30308
---
	REVIEW: Fig Dish, _That's What Love Songs Often Do_ (A&M Records)
		- Jason Cahill
	Before _Grave Dancers Union_, Soul Asylum was a balls to the
wall garage band; pure, unfiltered and raw.  No countrified garbage, no
"Runaway Train" and no Winona Ryder.  Fig Dish remembers.  _That's
What Love Songs Often Do_, the band's debut effort, manages to
reignite the sparks created by such 80's pioneers as Husker Du and
early Soul Aslyum, while still creating a fresh, aggressive and
multitextual sound.
	Hailing from Chicago, Fig Dish can look forward to being
lumped together with such windy city alterna-legends as Smashing
Pumpkins, Urge Overkill and Catherine, and to do so would not be
entirely inaccurate.  Fig Dish's sound, while containing many of the
core elements of the Minneapolis music scene, does inherit one key
attribute from its Chicago lineage, that being an extremely complex
and layered song structure.  Songwriters Blake Smith and Rick Ness
succeed in creating songs which ellicit varying emotions, change
tempos frequently and fluctuate between the gentle and the heavy
all within the confines of a four minute parameter.  Like the songs
of Billy Corgan, _That's What Love Songs Often Do_ lacks nothing
but simplicity.
	The music on _That's What Love Songs Often Do_ ranges from
guitar heavy garage rock to gentle and foreboding laments,
frequently deviating between the two extremes.  The album opens
feverishly with "Bury me", a quick shot of adrenaline which sets
the mood for things to come.  Next up is "Weak and mean", a well
crafted, angst ridden tirade which conjures up images of a
troubled and one-sided relationship told with just a touch of
necessary punk pride.  The vocal duties on the album are shared
by Smith and Ness, each having a raw and gruff sound eerily
similar to that of Paul Westerberg, managing to be downright
beautiful and haunting in spite of its dominating graininess.
	The true gems on the album are the anthemic and blistering
"Seeds" and the seductive and brooding "Quiet storm king", both
containing elements of maturity and intelligence noticeably
absent from more auspicious debut efforts.  "Seeds" is a
multilayered epic which overflows with raw energy, heartfelt
emotion and fuzzy guitars.  "Quiet storm king" begins in much
the same fashion, but its chorus is stripped of all excess,
leaving just the drums and the interspersed vocals of Smith and
Veruca Salt's Nina Gordon, in an uncredited, yet memorable turn.
	The problem with making such a mature and complete debut
effort is that expectations will naturally be raised to all but
unattainable levels upon the release of Fig Dish's sophomore
album.  Judging by their current release, however, Fig Dish
seems capable of rising to the challenge of following up one
great effort with another and yet another.  While most
fledgling bands seem content with just getting their foot in
the proverbial industry door, _That's What Love Songs Often Do_
is the kind of debut album which rips the door off its hinges
and sends the industry running for cover.
---
	REVIEW: Charlie Hunter Trio _Bing, Bing, Bing!_ (Blue Note)
		- Ali Sinclair
	The trio is Dave Ellis, playing sax, Jay Lane on drums, and Charlie 
Hunter himself, who plays a custom-made eight-string guitar, on which he 
picks out both basslines and rhythm.  And not forgetting  lead guitar, too!
	More smooth  new jazz from the San Francisco Bay Area's cooking-pot 
of musical styles and cultures.  The music is simply-rhythmic, jazzy 
harmonic, and 70s-funky.   Charlie Hunter's apprenticeship was played in 
alternative rock and rap bands--one of the tracks on _Bing, Bing, Bing_ is 
Cobain's "Come As You Are", which is spiced with a touch of "Smells Like 
Teen Spirit".  It's recognisable but only just so! (a Nirvana fan heard 
this, grimaced, and then laughed)--and there is a fun feel to this jazz CD.
(With tracks with names such as "Greasy Granny", "Fistful of Haggis" and 
"Wornell's Yorkies", and comments like "We've already used all music labels 
up in the last forty years.  Now we should be using numbers.  We're 43.", 
Charlie might appear to be poking fun at the music industry: but the sounds 
are sure, pure and serious music.
	Worth a listen.
---
	REVIEW : Paw _Death to Traitors_ (A&M)
		- Martin Bate
	Paw's 93 debut _Dragline_ was incredible. With a sound welded
together from Helmet's clipped hardcore/metal riffs and early Bruce
Springsteen-style classic rock (!) they turned in one of the most
fiercely passionate albums of all time with a dozen tales of small-town
life overdosed on melancholy and romance. You don't believe me ? Then go
listen.
	It's now 1995. Paw are back, and it feels good.
	"Everyone is boring boring/But not me I am drunk and roaring" is
the statement of intent over the galloping riff of opener "No Such Luck".
Mark Hennessy's full-throated roar and Grant Fitch's serrated guitar
something akin to standing at the end of a wind-tunnel. But that's only
half the story as _Dragline_ saw them switching between a scream and a
whisper, Hennessy switching effotlessly into a melancholic croon when
Fitch's guitar drops to a delicate strum.  
  	The album's surprise is revealed as the album slips into "Seasoned
Glove" (dedicated by Hennessy as "This one is for my Daddy") and the
hopelessly beautiful love song "Hope I Die Tonight". This is Paw turning
to more traditional country-rock structures while, essentially, keeping
every single ounce of passion and power intact. Paw understand that love
*hurts* ("These perfect moments never last") and both of these songs put
a lump in my throat when I saw them performed live the other night.
	And it's a trick that Paw repeat throughout the album with a more
relaxed, friendly sound than their debut. Grant Fitch takes vocals on
_Last One_ and the beautiful shimmer of homesickness that is "Texas"
where the world goes quiet for a moment when Fitch's pure clear voice is
met by Hennessy's weary croon of "Tell everybody I said hey/And please
make sure my dog's bowl is kept full" and my eyes sting every damn time.
	But Paw still know how to devastate. Witness the centerpiece of
the album, "Death to Traitors", about departed bassist Charles Bryan. With
lines like "Left the band/ Slashed the tyres/On the van/You're the kind
of person that I would go to jail for" rendered as a distorted roar over
a driving riff, switching to "We took you in/Made you part of our family/
You took our trust/Made it part of your credentials/The world would be
better off without you" sung quietly over delicate accoustic picking its
fair to bet that 'musical differences' didn't come into it. And the
anthemic chorus of "Death to Traitors/Death to every single one/It hurts
to be let down" will have your heart soaring.
	Even the album's most upbeat moment, the seemingly cheery "Glue
Mouth Kid" with it's "Sun comes up yeah" chorus, is stained by tears with
the opening statement that "I'd like to think that I'm important/I'd like
to think I count for something/Please tell me it's not vanity". All those
that want to give Mark Hennessy a big hug, join the back of the queue.
	The only slight hiccups among the 15 tracks are the over-complex
"Built Low" and "Sweet Sally Brown", their only lapse into rock cliche.
	Please take Paw into your hearts. They're one of the few bands
that realise there's no point in turning up to play live unless you're
going to leave people's legs shaking, and they will give you back every
ounce of love that you give to them. (Paw's shows traditionally start
with the band sharing out their beer and whisky with the audience and
Hennessy's plea for people not to break the glasses/bottles 'cause he'll
get into trouble. And the glasses are always passed back to him at the
end of the next song. Intact.)
	Worth dying for ? Of course not. But the only band for whom I'd
hesitate for a second before answering.
---
	REVIEW: Hum, _You'd Prefer An Astronaut_ (RCA)
		- Joe D'Angelo
	"She thinks she missed the train to Mars, she's out back counting 
stars," sang (I use the term loosely) the latest wanna-be indie rocker 
Howard Stern over my radio a few months back while driving into work one 
morning. Incessantly, he repeated the same line over and over, not knowing 
the rest of the lyrics, never mind the name of the band, until I seriously 
developed a hatred for this nameless, faceless band whom I knew nothing 
about.  A hasty judgment on my part, maybe, but I'm not one to take Howard's 
musical tastes to heart, love him as I do. After all, he once hailed E'nuff 
Z'nuff as the next Led Zeppelin. E'nuff said.
	Upon receiving the Hum disc my curiosity got the better of me so I 
had to play it. "Maybe Howard's tastes have gotten better?" I asked myself, 
sliding the disc into the machine and gently pressing play. "Little Dipper" 
the opening track of _You'd Prefer An Astronaut_ both answered my question 
and set the pace for the rest of the album. While his hair still screams 
80's, Howard's musical tastes have most assuredly moved into the 90's.
	Hum plays the spacey, new-age pop once found only on indie labels in 
the 80's, although their sound is neither retro nor dated. Trade marking their
songs with soft, hypnotizing intros, Hum jolts the listener back into orbit
as slamming, distorted guitars break through the seemingly tranquil veneer. 
	Singer/guitarist Matt Talbot plays with a omnipresent gentle 
rocking motion, his voice dreary and bleak, the perfect alterna-pop 
combination. The last track, "Songs Of Farewell And Departure," which 
incidentally should have been the title track of the album, sums up the 
take he has on _You'd Prefer An Astronaut_, that being of a broken-hearted 
narrator left out in the rain, alone, reporting on incidents he's either 
witnessed first-hand or been in himself. 
	Togetherness is a word synonymous with Hum's style. Exemplified by 
drummer Bryan St. Pere's tight, unobtrusive beat, never once do they seem 
to be awry in their playing. Hum just may be the vibration needed to spark 
a flame in RCA's otherwise smoldering stable of artists.
---
	REVIEW: Stereolab, _Refried Ectoplasm: Switched On Vol. 2_ (Flying Nun)
		- Tim Mohr
	Stereolab is a highly idiosynchratic band whose musical output has 
varied from droning post-Velvet Underground excursions to experimentations 
along the lines of early stereophonic sound tests, to organ-based easy 
listening, to last year's rather accessible _Mars Audio Quintet_ album. 
	Their latest, _Refried Ectoplasm_, collects obscure singles from the 
period following their first singles collection, _Switched On_. No track 
appeared on any of their albums, and many are impossible to find anywhere 
else since they came out on flexi-discs, through collector's clubs, or on 
limited edition vinyl. 
	Since the material parrallels their recent career, it also varies a 
great deal. The riveting bubblegum organ of "lo boob oscillator," accompanied 
by easy listening-esque backing vocals is set against sluggish b-sides that 
ramble along on a single chord for ages. "French Disko" fits well alongside 
the best material on the first _Switched On_ or the _Peng!_ album: driving, 
throbbing, barely contained but for the sultry vocal chords of Laetitia 
Sadier, whose French pipes also have graced recent albums by Blur and Luna. 
	But since _Refried Ectoplasm_ is a compilation of material that in 
some cases must have been selected because the release would be so limited, 
it can be difficult. B-sides from this material are things that would never 
see the light of day on one of their albums, and makes the new collection 
something for the converted fan rather than the curious newcomer. Despite 
some fantastic songs, _Refried Ectoplasm_ should probably follow the purchase 
of another Stereolab record, probably the first _Switched On_ album released 
by Too Pure, or the easier-to-find _Mars Audio Quintet_ album.
---
	REVIEW: Soundtrack, _National Lampoon's Senior Trip_ (Capricorn)
		- Daniel Kane
	What do you get when you combine the talents of Soundtrack Executive
Producers Dana Sano and Kelly Makin, Soundtrack Producer Harvey Schwartz and
the talents of thirteen bands?
	The cover of _National Lampoon's Senior Trip_ gives a lucid idea of the
attitude one can expect of the Capricorn Records soundtrack.  A
beverage-clutching Abraham Lincoln, in statue pose and complete with shades
and political insignia, sits in his monumental chair with the logo displayed
above his marble hair - Four score and seven beers ago..."
	In the tradition of National Lampoon, _Senior Trip_ 
features a talented array of performers, including Tommy Chong and Matt
Frewer of the fame of Cheech and Chong and Max Headroom, respectively.  The
comedy of the cast's adventures in the nation's capitol is reinforced by
thirteen tracks, including three previously unreleased songs.
	The tracks span twenty-six years with the inclusion of "Magic Bus" by
Ian Moore, who performs a 1969 remake of The Who's classic.  "Ultrasuede", 
written and performed by Matthew Sweet, is a previously unreleased 1993 
track.  The song is worth the wait.  And, the Jayhawks are on _Senior Trip,_ 
with "Tomorrow the Green Grass," displaying a continuity and style
characteristic of the songs on their recent album with the same name.
	As with soundtracks in general, the music does not quickly classify to
one genre or category or another; the irreverence and calculated nonchalance
of _Senior Trip_ is evident in the soundtrack and translates primarily into
funk, high-energy and straightforward rock.
	To those of us who love the antics of _Animal House_ and the creativity
of National Lampoon, the _Senior Trip_ soundtrack becomes an exciting
addition by Capricorn Records.
   
	Track Listing: Our Lady Peace - Starseed; The Muffs - Red Eyed Troll;
Matthew Sweet - Ultrasuede; 311 - Outside; God Lives Underwater - Tortoise;
Ian Moore - Magic Bus; Daisyhaze - Brickface; Shoveljerk - Killing My Buzz
Phunk Junkeez - B-Boy Hard; Morphine - Yes; Hayride - A Hard Deer's Night
Seven Day Diary - Flounder; The Jayhawks - Tomorrow the Green Grass
---
	REVIEW: Psykosonik, _Unlearn_ (Wax Trax/TVT Records)
		- Jamie Roberts
	Daniel Lenz and Paul Sebastian have done a few things differently 
on their group's second full-length release. Once dubbed "Cyberpopsters" by 
their label, Psykosonik has changed the rules and definitions in their 
Cyberpop game.  Shrugging off their heavy 80's-style effects-laden work of 
the past , they have ventured into the realm of the truly Ambient.  They 
also have the distinction of being the first group to compose an album 
over the Internet.  
	Vocal work does not dominate _Unlearn_.  The vocals are, in most 
cases, lower in the mix than the strong backbeats and soft melodies.  It 
is truly the music that takes the driver's seat, as shown by their 
instrumental opener "Secret Life", and their inspired track "Breathing 
Room".  Sebastien did well by not letting his ego (and good voice - don't 
get me wrong) get in the way of what his music had to say for itself.  
"Dreaming Real" being the best of _Unlearn_'s tracks with vocals conjures 
up a restored "Papua New Guinea".
	Psykosonik's softer, poppier style was never quite what one would 
expect from Wax Trax.  The rub here is that the band is as innovative as 
their labelmates, but in a clever, subtle way (read: don't call them wimpy).
Their use of technology to make the music, and their sampling-flavor added 
to an often danceable pop has a wider appeal than that of clanging 
Industrial, thus (hopefully) helping to change the face, and marketability 
of the 'alternative' styles of music.
---
NEWS:	> Mark Olson has recently decided to leave The Jayhawks.
At this time, there has been no decision made as to the future of
the band or any future performances or solo projects.
	> Toad the Wet Sprocket Internet mailing list.  To join,
send a message to listproc@sprocket.silverplatter.com. Do not use a subject 
line.  The body of the message should be "subscribe TOAD yourfirstname 
yourlastname".
	> Mike Watt will be sitting in with Perry Farrell's band Porno
for Pyros during a series of December performances.  Watt played with
the band during Lollapalooza this past summer and contributed to 
recording sessions for their upcoming album, _Good Gods' Urge_.  There
are still no details on the personnel or track listing for Watt's upcoming
live album, due to be released in February.
---
TOUR DATES
	Anthrax
Dec. 2 Cleveland, OH Agora
Dec. 3 Toronto, ON NRPM
Dec. 5 Detroit, MI Palladium
Dec. 6 Chicago, IL Riviera
Dec. 7 St. Louis, MO Mississippi Nights
Dec. 9 Minneapolis, MN Mirage
Dec. 10 Omaha, NE Ranch Bowl

	Banco de Gaia / Emergency Broadcast Network
Dec. 1 Los Angeles, CA American Legion Hall
Dec. 2 San Francisco, CA Trocadero

	Barkmarket
Dec. 1 Austin, TX Emo's
Dec. 2 Houston, TX Fitzgerald's
Dec. 4 Atlanta, GA Midtown Music Hall
Dec. 6 Richmond, VA Twisters
Dec. 8 Baltimore, MD Memory Lane
Dec. 9 New Brunswick, NJ Court Tavern

	Better Than Ezra (With Dambuilders)
Dec. 1 Philadelphia, PA Tower Theatre
Dec. 2 East Stroudsburg, PA E. Stroudsburg University
Dec. 3 Kingston, RI Edwards Gym (U. of Rhode Island)
Dec. 5 Albany, NY Saratoga Winrs
Dec. 6 Burlington, VT Metronome
Dec. 7 Manchester, NH New Hampshire College
Dec. 8 Montreal, QC Foufounes
Dec. 9 Babson, MA Knight Auditorium

	Boiled In Lead
Dec. 1 Minneapolis MN Cedar Cultural Center (acoustic, all-ages)
Dec. 2 Duluth MN University of MN, Duluth

	Neal Casal
Dec. 1 Washington, DC American University
Dec. 2 New York, NY Wetlands (with Mothersound)
Dec. 3 Springfield, MA (WRNX Radio Show)
Dec. 4 Baltimore, MD Bohager's (with Lowen & Navarro)
Dec. 5 Charlottesville, VA Trax
Dec. 6 Winston-Salem, NC Ziggy's
Dec. 7 Spartanburg, SC Magnolia Street
Dec. 8 Statesboro, GA Blind Willie's
Dec. 9 Gainesville, FL Covered Dish
Dec. 10 Fort Myers, FL Indigo Room

	Lisa Cerbone
Dec 7 Washington, DC Bayou

	Cravin' Melon
Dec. 2 Greensboro, NC Zoo
Dec. 7 Asheville, NC Be Here Now
Dec. 8 Spartanburg, SC Magnolia's
Dec. 9 Atlanta, GA Chameleon

	Donovan
Dec. 8 Portland, OR La Luna
Dec. 9 Vancouver, BC Town Pump
Dec. 10 Seattle, WA Backstage

	Robben Ford & Blue Line Tour
Dec. 9 San Francisco, CA Fillmore

	Paris Hampton
Dec. 2 New York, NY CB's Gallery

	Freedy Johnston
Dec. 1 Washington, DC 9:30 Club
Dec. 2 Brooklyn, NY St. Anne's Center

	Knapsack
Dec. 1 Chicago, IL Empty Bottle
Dec. 2 Kansas City, MO Daily Grind
Dec. 3 Columbia, MO University of Missouri
Dec. 4 Lawrence, KS Replay Lounge
Dec. 5 Boulder, CO Club 156
Dec. 7 Salt Lake City, UT Cinema Bar

	Huey Lewis & The News
Dec. 2 Brooklyn, NY St. Anne's Center

	Natalie Merchant
Dec. 3 Champaign, IL Foellinger Auditorium
Dec. 4 Merriville, IL Star Plaza Theatre
Dec. 6 Cincinnati, OH Taft Theatre
Dec. 7 Columbus, OH Palace Theatre
Dec. 9 Cleveland, OH Music Hall
Dec. 10 Ann Arbor, MI Hill Auditorium

	134
Dec. 7 Clemson, SC Edgar's
Dec. 8 Columbia, SC Clyde's
Dec. 9 Atlanta, GA Dottie's

	Phish
Dec. 1 Hershey, PA Hershey Park Arena
Dec. 2 New Haven, CT New Haven Coliseum
Dec. 4-5 Amherst, MA Mullins Center
Dec. 7 Niagara Falls, NY Convention Center
Dec. 8 Cleveland, OH CSU Convocation Center
Dec. 9 Albany, NY Knickerbocker Arena

	Plastic Mikey
Dec. 1 Glen Ellyn, IL Blue Sky Coffee House
Dec. 2 Schaumburg, IL Barnes & Noble

	Rembrandts Acoustic Radio Performances
Dec. 7 Providence, RI WPRO
Dec. 8 Boston, MA WXKS

	Silverchair
Dec. 1 Detroit, MI St. Andrews Hall
Dec. 3 Cincinnati, OH Garage
Dec. 4 Cleveland, OH Agora
Dec. 6 Boston, MA Avalon
Dec. 8 Chicago, IL Rosemount Horizon
Dec. 10 New York, NY Roseland

	Squirrel Nut Zippers
Dec. 6 Deland, FL Stetson College
Dec. 7 Orlando, FL Sapphire Supper Club
Dec. 9 Tallahassee, FL Florida State Univ.

	Vinyl Devotion
Dec. 15 San Francisco, CA Edinburgh Castle
---
THE READERS WRITE BACK!
	I just read your review of Vince Neils' new album and I strongly
disagree with your review.  I think it is a great cd.  I think that one has to
realize that the Crue will never be the same and neither will the members.
I feel that the Crue needs a lot more work than Vince.  I give _Carved in
Stone_ 4 stars.  Each song is unique and his voice says it all. - Stacy T.

	Thanks for reviewing the new Toad the Wet Sprocket album -- it was
interesting to see what other people thought of it as I am a big Toad fan
and got their album the day it came out. If you like Toad, you should get
this album as some of their B-sides are better than what they actually
release (as singles). - S.Y., Pennsylvania
---
To get back issues of Consumable, check out:
        FTP:     eetsg22.bd.psu.edu in the directory /pub/Consumable
                 ftp.etext.org in the directory /pub/Zines/Consumable
        Gopher:  diana.zems.etf.hr
                 Engleski Jezik/Music/Consumable or          
                 Hrvastki Jezik/Glazbena Rubrika/Consumable
        (URL)    gopher://diana.zems.etf.hr:70/11/eng/Music/Consumable
                 http://www.westnet.com/consumable/Consumable.html 
        (WWW)    http://www.westnet.com
        (CIS)    on Compuserve Notes: GO FORUM
        (Delphi) Music Fandom forum; GO ENT MUSIC
Web access contributed by WestNet Internet Services (westnet.com),
serving Westchester County, NY.

Address any written correspondence to Bob Gajarsky, Consumable Online,
409 Washington St. #294, Hoboken, New Jersey 07030
===
