==== ISSUE 120 ====    CONSUMABLE     ======== [September 1, 1997]

  Editor:             Bob Gajarsky
		        Internet: gaj@westnet.com
  Sr. Correspondents: Tim Kennedy, Reto Koradi, David Landgren, 
                      Sean Eric McGill, Tim Mohr, Al Muzer, Joe Silva
  Correspondents:     Daniel Aloi, Tracey Bleile, Lee Graham Bridges, 
                      Scott Byron, Patrick Carmosino, Janet Herman, Bill 
                      Holmes, Eric Hsu, Tim Hulsizer, Jiji Johnson, 
                      Stephen Lin, Scott Miller, Linda Scott, 
                      Scott Slonaker, Simon Speichert, Jon 
                      Steltenpohl, Simon West, Lang Whitaker
  Technical Staff:    Chris Candreva, Dave Pirmann
  Also Contributing:  Nancy Price

 Address all comments, subscriptions, etc. to gaj@westnet.com
==================================================================
	All articles in Consumable remain (C) copyright their author(s). 
Permission for re-publication in any form must be obtained from the 
editor.
==================================================================
                            .------------.
                            |  Contents  |
                            `------------'
NOTES FROM THE EDITOR: 4 Year Anniversary, Contest, Search Engine And More!
INTERVIEW: Radiohead - Nancy Price
REVIEW: Oasis, _Be Here Now_ - Tim Kennedy
ADVANCE REVIEW: Jars of Clay, _Much Afraid_ - Lang Whitaker
REVIEW: John Hiatt, _Little Head_ - Bill Holmes
ADVANCE REVIEW: Aqua, _Aquarium_ - Bob Gajarsky
REVIEW: Megadeth, _Cryptic Writings_ - Simon Speichert
REVIEW: Ziggy Marley & Melody Makers, _Fallen Is Babylon_ - Reto Koradi
REVIEW: Rickie Lee Jones, _Ghostyhead_ - Joe Silva
CONCERT REVIEW: Leah Andreone - Bob Gajarsky
REVIEW: drivin' n' cryin, _drivin' n' cryin_ - Tracey Bleile
REVIEW: Soundtrack, _Godmoney_ - Sean Eric McGill
REVIEW: Coward, _Coward_ - Bill Holmes
REVIEW: Madeleine Peyroux, _Dreamland_ - Jon Steltenpohl
SHORT TAKES: Geezer, Verbow, Agnes Gooch - Al Muzer
NEWS: Arcanum, Rockstock 97, Rob Zombie
TOUR DATES: Bailter Space / Sunday Puncher, Big Top Tour (incl. Juan 
   Atkins, Banco de Gaia, 808 State, Loup Garou, Moby, and many more), 
   David Bowie, Comet Gain, Common Sense, Counting Crows / Wallflowers / 
   Engine 88, Daft Punk / Aphex Twin, Dandy Warhols / Polara, Danielson / 
   Soul Junk, Fluke, Irving Plaza, Life of Agony, Magoo, Matchbox 20, 
   Pantera / Coal Chamber / Machine Head, Roadside Monument, Tsunami, 
   Wu Tang Clan / Rage Against the Machine / Atari Teenage Riot
Back Issues of Consumable
---
	NOTES FROM THE EDITOR: 4 Years of Consumable, Contest, 
		Search Engine And More!
	With the September 1, 1997 issue of Consumable Online, we will 
be celebrating our four year anniversary.  It has been a long, hard 
climb being the first collaborative online music reviews publication, 
but through the perseverance of everyone associated with us - and that 
includes our readership, contacts in the music industry, and writers - 
we have produced a quality publication which has spawned numerous 
imitators, but none which can claim the passionate love for music 
which has come to signify Consumable.
	In celebration of our four year anniversary, we have made 
two noticable changes to the Consumable web site.  The first is 
the addition of a search engine, through which readers can search 
the Consumable archives to read past reviews and interviews to find 
what we've said about your favorite artists.  We have included all 
articles from 1995 to August, 1997 in the database; we look forward to 
including the remainder of the articles, from 1993 and 1994, sometime 
in the near future.
	In addition to this, we are having one of the largest music 
giveaways ever on the Internet.  Entering the contest is as easy as 
clicking a mouse button; simply go to our web site (located at 
http://www.westnet.com/consumable) between September 2 and September 22 
and click on the CONTEST link.  There, entrants will have to answer 
questions based on past issues of Consumable; links are there to guide 
you to the past issues, to aid with the contest.  Twenty winners
will be selected at random from among those contestants with the most 
correct answers.  Each winner will take back twenty compact discs, 
for a total of 400 releases to be given away - 100 for each of 
Consumable's four years of publication.
	Since its creation in 1993, Consumable has provided its 
readership with hundreds of music reviews from critics on four 
continents.  By  placing the focus back on the music, Consumable 
offers insightful coverage into some of today's - and tomorrow's - best 
music.
	To those of you who have just found Consumable, welcome aboard. 
To those who have been loyal readers, thanks for supporting us the 
last four years.  We hope you'll be pleased with our changes, and 
continue to make Consumable your choice for music reviews.
- Bob Gajarsky, Editor In Chief, Consumable Online
---
	INTERVIEW: Radiohead
		- Nancy Price
	Radiohead's Jonny Greenwood - he of the manic, talking 
guitar - is standing in the lobby as I arrive at the trendy San 
Francisco hotel where the band is staying.  Alas, Jonny isn't 
waiting for me, and Ed O'Brien, Radiohead's other able guitarist 
and my intended interview subject, is still asleep. Somewhere 
between San Francisco and Capitol's offices in New York, wires 
were crossed, and I got there an hour earlier than expected.  
"He's just going to take a shower and will be right down," their 
publicist apologizes.  
	Unexpected wakeup calls aside, things are looking good 
for Radiohead.  Their third LP, _OK Computer_ , debuted at number 21 
in the US and easily reached the top of the charts in their native 
Britain.  O'Brien and Jonny Greenwood, together with Jonny's brother 
Colin on bass, Phil Selway behind the drums and the owner of the 
breathtakingly lovely vocal contortions - singer/guitarist Thom 
Yorke - are Radiohead.  The group (who don't consider themselves 
part of the 'Britpop' movement), has been playing sold-out shows 
across America, performing at venues with names including words 
like Theatre, Ballroom and Arena: certainly a step up from the 
club tours of the not-too-distant past.
	This band has been busy this last year: recording, touring, 
promoting, playing for Tibetan Freedom, and getting favorable 
attention from the press and an ever-increasing legion of fans.  
Even before the July first stateside release of the album, the band 
was getting the kind of attention usually reserved for music legends, 
fashion designers, and boxers. Face it: when you can count Madonna, 
Marilyn Manson, Sheryl Crow and members of U2, REM, Oasis and Blur 
among your fans, you're either doing something right or something 
revolutionary... or, in the case of Radiohead, very probably both.
	At the Warfield Theatre in San Francisco, their tight 
twenty-two-song set (including four songs over three encores), 
included every track from _OK Computer_, half of _The Bends_, a 
lone number from their debut, _Pablo Honey_, and one B-side for 
the devout.  The band's success would seem to be a natural result 
of their clear passion for the music, an obvious and mutual 
creative respect, and the fact that, well, they seem to be having 
a good time just being Radiohead.
	But was recording the songs as much fun as playing them 
in front of an audience?  O'Brien smiles, 'We did kind of go a bit 
stir crazy recording _OK Computer_, when we were in Bath at Jane 
Seymour's house, but we had to go through that.  We got to 
Christmas of '96, and we'd been kind of experimenting.  The only 
thing we'd finished was "Exit Music," because that had to go to 
_Romeo and Juliet_ for the film.  We had started about fourteen or 
fifteen songs, and it was then that we said, 'Right, we're going to 
have to start finishing stuff off.'  What we'd do is half-finish 
fourteen songs, and then go on to a new one.  We get bored very 
very quickly.  So, by Christmas, it was basically that we wanted 
an album out by the summer, and we had to finish it off.'
	Well-versed in the fine art of procrastination, I imagine 
it was difficult to complete those songs.  Nodding a deep yes, 
O'Brien says, 'It's all the little bits.  We tracked a lot of this 
album live.'  He pauses and searches the air for an analogy, 'It 
would be like building a kitchen.  It's quite easy to get all the 
wood in and see something fairly immediate - but all those little 
joints and the hinges, and making sure the drawers and the cupboards 
open properly, and fixing all the little things - that's what takes 
a really long time. Smoothing down the edges. It's exactly the same 
when making a record.  And mixing... mixing is kind of like the 
French polishing.  It was fairly traumatic at times, because there's 
so much going on.'
	Radiohead's career development has been upward, if not 
smooth, since their days playing around Oxford as a band called On 
A Friday.  Such progress comes directly from their unwavering 
dedication to the cause.  O'Brien reckons they've all known since 
their mid-teens that they wanted to play together.  'There was never 
any question that we weren't going to do it, really, in terms of 
like make the effort to do it.'  Although the band was on hold 
during their college years - reforming only during school breaks - 
they maintained that group cohesion, 'and [after] Thom finished 
college, we were signed in about four or five months. Looking back 
on it, what was amazing was the commitment.  Ten years ago, we 
talked about it.  We knew we wanted to do this - there was never 
any question.'
	As most of the members are in their late twenties, it's 
been nearly half a lifetime since the band's humble beginnings.  
Has the success they've finally achieved with the release of _OK 
Computer_ seemed a long time coming?   'It's been fine.  You know, 
the big thing was signing at the end of '91, then in '92 touring 
around in a rusty white van. It was great to do small shows, opening 
up for people. 1993 - the first half of the year was really the 
same as '92, then of course "Creep" erupted, and we came over here,' 
recalls O'Brien. ' "Creep" was not what we expected.  We all 
thought [the band's progress] would be slow - we didn't want any 
kind of big explosion.  We wanted to, each time you do a gig, a few 
more people come along, word of mouth spreads, make a better 
record...'
	But are they satisfied?  'Yeah, now,' he concedes. 'We 
played the Warfield in San Francisco, we played the Wiltern in Los 
Angeles. We've played clubs, and they were great, but we've done 
three [U.S.] tours of clubs and you get a bit sick of them.  It 
sounds better in these [larger] places.  It looks amazing - you 
look out from the stage and there's a balcony, and it's very 
inspiring.'
	Of course, as the band's fanbase grows, they'll start to 
play larger venues. 'Obviously when you get great theaters, it would 
be lovely to do a residency for three nights, but, America is such 
a huge country that you wouldn't have the luxury of that.  If you've 
got one night, you don't want people to not get in.  We've done that 
where we played at a way way smaller venue than we should have.'
	On the other end of the spectrum, does he see an arena tour 
in the band's future?  'No, not really... we've never thought about 
it.  There's more talk about it around us - people speculating - 
particularly in Britain.  They all think we're going to be the next 
stadium band.  Take U2 and REM's baton,' he scoffs.  'If it happens, 
it happens, but the only way it will happen is if we're comfortable 
with that... which we're not at the moment.  And as long as the 
show's not compromised.' O'Brien explains, 'I know it's possible to 
do amazing shows: I saw the U2 Pop-Mart thing. There's no way you 
could do that inside - it's phenomenal.  It was very moving, it was 
very personal at times, and it was extravagant and over the top.  
And it was fantastic.  *That's* the way to do those things.'

	NEXT ISSUE: Ed talks about computers and the Internet...
---
	REVIEW: Oasis, _Be Here Now_ (Epic)
		- Tim Kennedy
	Oasis have assumed a Beatlesesque importance in the life 
of the British public.  Adored by millions, despised by indie 
purists,  detested by political pundits for their presumed bad 
influence on the young.  The controversiality of the band mirrors 
maybe the period the Beatles went through when they announced they 
were doing acid.  Liam is as hotly debated for his bad attitude as 
was the Stones way back when.  And of course the music they make is 
played everywhere.  They are a fully fledged phenomenon.
	This album is two years since the second, _Morning Glory_ 
which established them in the wider public gaze. It comes amid a 
ruthless publicity campaign which has made Creation Records widely 
reviled by critics around the country.  It has sold by the truckload 
in the past several days since release.
	The first thing that strikes you about this album is it 
sounds big!  Loud,  cacophonous guitar makes this almost metal in 
parts.  But once your nerves have learned to cope with the assault, 
great tunes come running out like beetles from under an upturned 
rock. The album opens with the sound of World War 2 bombers, 
possibly aiming their loads at the press who have given the band 
a bit of a hard time over the last year.
	"D'You Know What I Mean" is a fitting opener and makes a 
lot more sense in the context of the rest of the album.  Over 
repeated listens what becomes attractive about this song is the 
feeling of eager anticipation it engenders.
	"My Big Mouth" is very punky, in a Sex Pistols vein.  It 
describes Noel's chequered relationship with the media, especially 
in relation to his outspoken comments on drug use.  Exciting, fast 
and furious, this song harks back to the first album _Definitely Maybe_.
	"Magic Pie" is a lowkey psychedelic-tinged rocker that has
a peculiar vocal effect in parts.  Based upon a Moog-ish keyboard 
riff it goes on a little long and the chorus is maybe a little 
pedestrian a tune for an Oasis song.
	"Stand By Me", is notable as one of the two standout
tracks on the album.  It has a tune that sets the hairs on the 
neck a-prickling,  better even than "Don't Look Back In Anger".  
The lyric starts implausibly with 'Made a meal and threw it up on 
Sunday/ I've got a lot to learn'.  Liam is in best-ever form on 
this album and this song is possibly his best performance yet.  
The ironic 'What's the matter with you/sing me something new' 
pokes at detractors who accuse the band of plagiarism; in rock 
music, that particular accusation is like handing out speeding 
tickets at the Indianapolis 500.
	"I Hope, I Think, I Know" is a typical Oasis rocker which 
is decorated by the again-superb singing of Liam.  It thunders 
along in a familiar punk rock fashion.
	"The Girl In The Dirty Shirt" is a love song explicitly 
aimed at Noel's wife Meg.  Whilst entreating her to cheer up, 
the track lopes along with a tune which whilst seeming at first 
humdrum, actually hides some sparkling gems of hooklines.
	"Fade In Fade Out" is a blues-tinged call to arms, and a 
dare to any other band that might stoop to criticise Oasis.  The 
guitar is almost inflammatory with its stop-start intro.  This 
track would be eminently suitable as the track to play when your 
favourite soccer/football/whatever team were taking the field.  
It isn't a million miles from Jon Bon Jovi's "Blaze Of Glory" either.
	"Don't Go Away" is the other stand-out track on the CD.  The 
lyric is a heartrending one, which clearly refers to the pain of 
leaving his wife whilst touring abroad, and the clash of band 
versus relationship priorities.  The guitar intro steps a little 
on the toes of the old Oasis favourite "Slide Away" from the first 
album, but it develops into a thing of awesome majesty which Noel 
could justifiably have carved on his gravestone.
	"Be Here Now" has an unusual techno-ish intro/riff, and 
on immediate listen appears a bit ordinary,  but on repeated listens 
proves to be quite catchy.  The refrain 'Been kickin' up a storm / 
since the day that I was born' constitutes two references to his 
birth so far!
	"All Around The World" is clearly meant to be the keynote 
track of the album, with its lets-all-get-together-and-be-mates 
concept, and the chorus is repeated for an astonishingly long time 
'All around the world/tell 'em what you heard/Gonna make a better
day'.  For the more cynical listener,  this may be difficult to 
stomach.  However it is couched in a rather humourous set of 
verses.  Some might say (!) that there are rather too many 
na-na-na-na's here.  The tune is again, on immediate listening, a bit
ordinary, but it soon insinuates itself into your senses, and 
delivery men will soon be whistling it.  The brash optimism of the 
track ('It's gonna be ok') wins in the end.
	"It's Getting Better Man" is a fine, raucous punkoid anthem 
which steps back from the almost ludicrous singsong-ism of the 
previous track.  It is definitive traditional Oasis territory and 
an old punk could even pogo to it.
	The album ends with an orchestral reprise to "All Around 
The World" which reiterates the 'message'.  The band have now 
managed three good albums in a row which is quite an achievement 
in these times. They don't claim to be original - they aren't 
original anyway - but they are the best at what they do. What 
they do is create songs that strike a chord with an astonishingly 
wide-ranging audience.  This is a rare talent for a serious rock 
act.
	The final sound on the CD is someone walking away,  and
a door slamming - a mysterious portent...
---
	ADVANCE REVIEW: Jars of Clay, _Much Afraid_ (Silvertone)
		- Lang Whitaker
	While many bands struggle to find their own sound even two 
and three albums into their careers, Jars of Clay's first album 
coined a sound so distinctive and inventive that it sold more than 
two million copies. After their self-titled debut release went 
platinum riding their unique combination of acoustic instruments 
and percussive whirlwinds, their burgeoning fan base was curious as 
to how Jars would follow it up.  With the sparkling _Much Afraid_, 
Jars shows that they don't have anything to be scared of.
	After producing their self-titled first album on their own, 
this time Jars turned over production duties to British producer 
Stephen Lipson, who had previously worked with Annie Lennox (_Diva_, 
_Medusa_) and done some re-mix work with Sting. Lipson successfully 
blended the Jars' sound with a light wash of European lushness that 
sounds just right. Gone are the hoe-down violins that dominated 
_Jars of Clay_, replaced with a thick slice of electric guitars, but 
surprisingly the songs all retain the old Jars sound.
	The first single off _Much Afraid_ is "Crazy Times", a 
straight-forward rocker with crunching guitars and booming drums. 
As soon as the electric guitar solo kicks in, you realize that Jars 
of Clay isn't in Kansas anymore. Unlike anything off of _Jars of 
Clay_, both in style and in sheer sonic size, "Crazy Times" details 
the emotional weight of searching through life for answers that seem 
harder and harder to find. Rocking along with "Crazy Times" is the 
song "Overjoyed", where jangly guitars and stacked harmonies harken 
back to the 60's British invasion.
	After "Crazy Times" and "Overjoyed", Jars returns to the 
same basic sound that they patented on _Jars of Clay_, with a few 
subtle expansions. "Truce" begins with an industrial drum loop 
that eventually transforms into a head-nodding rocker with a chorus 
more infectious than the monkey in the movie Outbrea". Both 
"Fade to Grey", which was the first song ever written by the band, 
and "Truce" resurrect the signature Jars sound, with acoustic 
guitars bouncing along over drum loops. However, both tracks 
eventually melt real drums and electric guitars into the mix, bulking 
up the overall sound of the songs.
	Jars also dabble in the pop genre, with great success. "Five 
Candles (You Were There)", originally written to be played during the 
closing credits of Jim Carrey's dramatic flop "Liar Liar", is a 
beautiful little nugget of a tune. It's probably just as well that 
the song was dropped from the "Liar Liar" soundtrack, because "Five 
Candles" is better than even Jim Carrey's best spit take - three and 
a half minutes of pop heaven. "Tea and Sympathy" is another 
mid-tempo song that further underlines Jars' excellence, surrounding 
the sweet melody with enough harmonies to shame even Hanson.
	Dan Haseltine sings with a self-assured gait. His lyrics and 
melodies are intelligent and literate, while being simultaneously 
accessible. The guitar and bass work of Stephen Mason is solid 
without being overwhelming. Matthew Odmark's acoustic guitars 
continue to provide the backbone for much of Jars of Clay's music, 
while Charlie Lowell's keyboard role has been greatly expanded from 
_Jars of Clay_ to _Much Afraid_.
	There's also a message in the music. As the first band from 
the normally outdated Contemporary Christian Music genre to totally 
find cross-over acceptance, Jars don't back down from their 
convictions at all on _Much Afraid_. While a few songs deal with 
everyday issues like friendship and accountability ("Five Candles", 
"Tea and Sympathy"), every song has some spiritual reference or 
application to it.
	What really sets Jars of Clay apart from the rest of the 
current field of angst-ridden alterna/electro rock bands is their 
affability. Up front in their assertation that they themselves are 
far from perfect, with _Much Afraid_ they occasionally approach 
perfection.

	Jars of Clay's _Much Afraid_ will be released on September 16.
---
	REVIEW: John Hiatt, _Little Head_ (Capitol)
		- Bill Holmes
	John Hiatt's life has taken him down some dark roads, the 
results of which have been captured in many powerful and emotional 
songs. The earnest pain in such classics as "Have A Little Faith In Me" 
can only come from that deep well, Hiatt salving his wounds in song and 
allowing us to voyeuristically share his bared soul. His long and 
mostly under appreciated career has seen him progress from Midwestern 
folkie to New Wave "angry young man" (many at the time foresaw him as 
the American answer to Elvis Costello) acoustic troubadour and 
everything in between. Even long time die hard fans knew that no matter 
how good each successive record was, radio didn't have time for people 
like John Hiatt, and hoped that the label would somehow give him 
another shot at the brass ring.
	1987 and _Bring The Family_ changed all that, a bonafide 
bottom-of-the-ninth game winning home run for Hiatt. Newly remarried 
and finally sober, BTF combined the anguish of a tortured past with 
the joy of a man finding peace within himself and struck a chord with 
everyone. His voice had evolved into a unique bluesy timbre; his 
guitar playing more assured and strident, his songs capturing slices 
of life we take for granted yet can't seem to put into words.  The 
world was let in on this great secret that only his fans and peers knew 
about - John Hiatt was one hell of a songwriter. Subsequent records 
sealed the deal.
	With _Little Head_, a relaxed and confident Hiatt has probably 
released his most comfortable - dare I say "fun"? - record, and 
ironically is suffering a critical backlash because it isn't stuffed 
with angst-ridden masterpieces.  Imagine the irony of toiling for 
twenty plus years, finally getting the respect and credibility you 
deserve, and then having your own "high bar" used against you! As if 
there aren't great songs here...check out the lyrics of "Graduated" 
or the sweetness of  "Far As We Go" and "Runaway" and name three 
people who could write like that. Didn't think so.
	Those surprised by the bawdy humor of the title track must 
not know Hiatt very well; "Since His Penis Came Between Us" was a 
staple of his live shows for years. Okay, so it isn't poetry - so 
what? No, there isn't a "She Loves The Jerk" or "Angel Eyes" or 
"Faith" on _Little Head_, but they would seem out of place if they 
were. This record gives a whole new meaning to the phrase "greasy"; 
thick with Memphis soul and lathered with funk. Hiatt drops numerous 
audio tips of his cap to the 1970's, from the Barry White-ish intro 
to "After All This Time" to the send-Zevon-a-dollar rip of 
"Werewolves Of London" in "Sure Pinocchio". All those Spinners and 
Del-Fonics and War records John heard on the radio have come back out 
years later in "My Sweet Girl" and "Woman Sawed In Half". 'Pebbles' 
Immergluck's mastery of the stringed instrument supports this 
stylish mix with a sonic potpourri; cat like moans, fat greasy
gee-tars and lilting mandolins among the stew's best features.
	"Pirate Radio" is a radio hit that never will be for 
self-explanatory reasons; ditto "Sure Pinocchio" and its 
horn-powered killer refrain. But Hiatt fans are used to savoring 
his best moments away from the airwaves, and thankfully there are 
enough fans to allow him to indulge his muse. This is Capitol's 
first shot at marketing John, a marriage he seems to feel positive about 
because they want to promote his career, not just his record. We'll see - 
Hiatt seems to last two to three records at each label, but each time he 
leaves there's a bidding war. He's gone through a few bands also, but 
seems to have settled on a musical soul mate in Davey Faragher, 
bassist and co-producer.
	_Little Head_ is the sound of John Hiatt enjoying this 
moment in his life, cruising down the road in that big-ass pink 
Cadillac, smiling and waving and hoping you can wave back. Let this 
one grow on you and reap the rewards.
---
	ADVANCE REVIEW: Aqua, _Aquarium_ (MCA)
		- Bob Gajarsky
	She's been on more dream dates than Cindy Crawford.  Her 
measurements, if converted to real life, would be 39-18-33 on a 5'6, 
110 pound frame, and cause her to lean over more than a certain 
tower in Pisa.  In 1992, the average American girl owned 7 Barbie
dolls.  And now, Barbie is the star of the flirtatious song which 
is coming out of seemingly every radio station.
	The Danish group Aqua is responsible for bringing the perky 
blonde to life in the single "Barbie Girl", in which Ken and Barbie 
nearly engage in verbal doll foreplay ("You can brush my hair / 
undress me anywhere", later followed by "Make me walk, make me 
talk, do whatever you please / I can act like a star, I can beg 
on my knees") in a campy frolic through a Eurodisco hit owing much 
to the early 1980s.  The rest of the Danish group's debut album, 
_Aquamarine_, also owes much to the eighties timeframe.
	Nearly every track on _Aquarium_ incorporates familiar sounds 
or singing methods, with predictable results - no deep messages, but 
Eurodisco that will get the part-time clubbers out of the suburbs 
and onto the dance floors.
	"My Oh My" is one of the 'highlighted' tracks on _Aquamarine_. 
Although it debuted on the Danish charts at #1, it doesn't maintain
the endearing quality - or hook - that most chart-toppers possess.
However, "My" and other songs such as has the bouncy, happy feel that 
can seamlessly blend between tracks from Whigfield and Ace of Base.
	Rene' Dif's rap comes off as a clone of Real McCoy's O-Jay, 
and supports Lene Grawford Nystrom's lead vocals.  But, just like 
sugar coated candy that you know - in the long run - is bad for you, 
Aqua's bubblegum sound draws you in like bees to honey.
	"Roses Are Red" is more Ace of Base - but this time, if the
Swedes were on acid.  "Lollipop (Candyman)" skirts the edges of 
techno and happy house, showing more traces of Real McCoy.  "Good 
Morning Sunshine" and "Heat Of The Night" have a slight Latin tinge, 
a la Madonna's "La Isla Bonita" being tossed into a copy of the Pet 
Shop Boys' _Bilingual_.  More Madonna/PSB permutations occur on "Turn 
Back Time", which is a mixture of PSB's "Heart" and a sped up 
version of "Live To Tell".  "Calling You" comes off as a Barry 
Harris hybridization; his days with Kon Kan ("Harry Houdini") 
blending with his current outfit, Outta Control, especially on 
their cover of Joan Osborne's "One Of Us".  The key to all of these 
tracks is that while they bear resemblances to known songs, Aqua 
turn them into something new, and uniquely irresistible.
	From top to bottom, _Aquamarine_ is a top notch dance album 
incorporating much of the eighties dance sound for the nineties.
If America is ready to handle Eurodisco, Aqua could well be the 
pioneers of this genre.  Otherwise, look for "Barbie Girl" to fall 
in the Top 40 book with an 'N', for novelty, next to its title.

	Aqua's _Aquarium_ hits U.S. record stores on September 16.
---
	REVIEW: Megadeth, _Cryptic Writings_ (Capitol)
		- Simon Speichert
	One of the last great metal bands, Megadeth has struck back on a 
pop-laden society with _Cryptic Writings_, their brand new album. Unlike 
some other band singer/guitarist Dave Mustaine was in during the early 
80's (who could that be?), Megadeth's latest offering is pure, solid, 
heavy metal.  It's hard to explain how the band sound, because not 
every song is fast and saturated with tons of distorted guitars. 
	I like the fact that every band member gets their time in 
Mustaine's spotlight (not that he hogs it). For drummer Nick Menza, it's 
the throbbing tom beats at the beginnings of "Trust" and "Sin". Dave 
Ellefson's bass grabs your ear at the start of "Mastermind", and lead 
guitarist Marty Friedman gets the attention every time there's a solo.
	Megadeth is portrayed solely as a metal band, and that's what 
they are, but some of the songs on _Cryptic Writings_ show their 
fantastic skills at writing all kinds of tunes, including some slower 
ones with string arrangements. Some of the real enigmatic songs 
include "Trust", "Use The Man", "I'll Get Even", and "FFF".
        Taking into account everything I've said here, I believe Megadeth
is a very open-minded, versatile band with a rock hard edge, and _Cryptic
Writings_ will prove to be one of the best metal records of 1997.
---
	REVIEW: Ziggy Marley & Melody Makers, _Fallen Is Babylon_ (Elektra)
		- Reto Koradi
	Reggae has not been in the focus of attention in recent years, 
apart from Inner Circle storming the charts a few years ago, and a wave 
of poppified reggae with acts like Ace Of Base, Dr. Alban and Shaggy.
More traditional reggae never fully recovered from the much to timely 
death of Bob Marley and Peter Tosh, even though Jimmy Cliff and a few 
others always held the flag up.
	Ziggy Marley has been continuing the family tradition with eight
albums over 10 years, but avoided just walking in his fathers oversized 
footsteps by mixing in influenced from various music styles on his 
earlier albums.  _Fallen Is Babylon_ finds Ziggy more at peace with 
the roots, one sign being a cover of the Curtis Mayfield classic "People 
Get Ready", which was also performed by his dad. Even though the song 
has been covered so many times, this version gives it an interesting 
new twist. It starts out close to the original form, but is then more 
and more decomposed into pieces, which are reassembled to something 
almost completely different.
	While he definitely inherited the voice, Ziggy will probably have
to live with the fact that he will never quite reach the song writing 
genius of his father, just like all the others who never got there. 
Measuring him with equal forces, songs like "Born To Be Lively" are about 
as good as reggae gets, catchy enough to stick in your head after a few 
listens, and guaranteed to at least get your toes wiggling. Most of the 
lyrics show the positive attitude and optimism that makes reggae such an 
enjoyable music style. This carefully arranged and perfectly recorded 
album is warmly recommended to anybody with interest in reggae that goes 
beyond owning a Bob Marley compilation.
--
	REVIEW: Rickie Lee Jones, _Ghostyhead_ (Reprise)
		- Joe Silva
	Having ridden the fence betwixt pop recognition and jazz 
verite, Jones' records have always appeared to be keeping one eye 
trained on each camp.  Now, with her first proper album since she 
and Walter Becker co-birthed the super _Flying Cowboys_, she's 
traced a line from her urban coffee house leanings of old down to 
the corner where the hip hoppers live.
	Pieced together over four months with the help of H.O.R.D.E. 
acquaintance Rick Boston earlier this year, Jones' voice, languid 
and cunning as ever, moves across a modern vista that's big on 
rhythms and wispy melodies. But unlike Dame Bowie and the chieftains 
of Bono-Mart, there's not the clumsy marriage here of standard 
inclinations and the brave new world. Much like the smooth and groove 
environs of the Wu-Tang nation, Rickie sets her vocals atop a lush, 
funky backdrops that goes for the vibe instead of the jugular.
	All of this is a lot more...ahem..tricky than it may at first 
seem. Much of these new reflexes in the hands of more traditional 
musicians tend to become a somewhat heavily smothered canvas, but 
Jones manages to still steer through a heavy rhythmic undertow, smart 
peripheral ambiences, and her sometimes dense lyrics , and still 
appear to sound low fat. She can even manage to inject a flourish of 
honest scat without it seeming at all out of place.
	This all makes for adventurous, if only occasionally less 
than engaging, listening. With many artists veering on the electronic 
highway, Jones stands a fair chance of being a point of distinction 
considering the mammoth appeal and singularity of her voice. 
While Boston helped her find a comfort zone in her new sandbox, Becker 
was probably more successful in having Rickie remain more tunefully 
objective. But while it may meander a touch, _Ghostyhead_ more often 
than not does keep your gaze fixed upon its atmosphere. As the lady 
muses: "And you walk through the funhouse, yeah/Those sonic faces hit 
you like a bus/ Till you're knocked down by Doppler waves of trust".
---
	CONCERT REVIEW: Leah Andreone, Arlene's Grocery, New York
		- Bob Gajarsky
	On a recent Thursday evening, Leah Andreone was singing 
at New York City's Arlene's Grocery.  That someone performed on an 
evening was no surprise at the free admission Soho venue; after 
all, Arlene's typically has 4 or so bands displaying their wares 
on any given night.  But to the limited few who have heard her 
debut record, _Veiled_, it remains a shock that Andreone is still, 
unfortunately, playing 100 people capacity clubs.
	_Veiled_ was this critic's favorite album in 1996 and 
one year later, still receives its fair share of listening time. 
While Andreone has been exposed to larger audiences as part of 
the Lilith tour, much of the country has heard, at most, only one 
song from this album - the leadoff single "It's Alright It's OK".
	During this brief weeknight set, Andreone whipped through 
seven songs from her debut record (and one for a compilation to 
help fund breast cancer research) and displayed a fiery passion 
in each song.  A master storyteller with lyrics that speak 
*through* the eyes of others and actually mean something, Andreone 
displayed the unique ability to put harmonies with words and keep 
everyone focused solely on her.
	The content of Andreone's songs comes from all angles; 
an abused child who feels *they* are the problem in "Problem Child", 
a neglected child from her re-married parents ("It's Alright It's 
OK), those who only help to achieve points in the afterlife ("Hell 
To Pay"), and a woman suffering from breast cancer ("We're Not 
Alone").  She elegantly performed each of these, whether with an 
impassioned plea for help, or as an angsty rocker.  
	For those who haven't been able to capture Andreone's live 
shows - or her singles - imagine Jewel, in a rock setting, with 
farther-reaching vocals.  Andreone tosses in the occasional yelp 
(and almost yodel) for maximum effect throughout her songs as
an added form of emphasis.  And when she notices something that 
interests her - such as two loyal fans who came across from New 
Jersey - she was genuinely impressed that they had travelled 
across the Hudson to see her.  Even as she is on a major label 
and garnering airplay, Leah manages to keep a down-to-earth feel 
to her set.
	It seems like a matter of bad timing that there seems to be 
a quota on the number of female AAA performers who can get radio 
airplay - and Leah might be one over that number.  Her cover of 
Carole King's "I Feel The Earth Move", which seemed like a great 
idea to add to a movie soundtrack, had the misfortune of being 
included on one of the worst Die Hard imitations ever - better known 
as Speed 2.  Although the latest single, "Mother Tongue", isn't 
likely to turn the tide and make Leah Andreone a household name, 
it can continue to slowly draw in more fans to the Andreone camp. 
And with continued impressive performances like that at Arlene's 
Grocery, it's only a matter of time - like a good wine - for 
her talents to be recognized on a wider scale.
---
	REVIEW: drivin' n' cryin, _drivin' n' cryin_ (Ichiban)
		- Tracey Bleile
	The peerless Georgia trio are back in fine form, back with 
more solid power pop brought to you courtesy of modern-day balladeer 
Kevn Kinney leading you along with his hook firmly set in your ear.  
Their past two releases have seen them sketch a wide and uneasy 
circle in experimentation - from the way-too-heavy (and massively 
panned) _Smoke_ to the ultra-gentle countrified _Wrapped In Sky_.  
The latest eponymous offering finds them squarely where they should 
be:  rededicating themselves to the right to wear a crown of 
rough-cut diamonds as kings of Americana.  Die-hard d'n'c fans 
will have to be a little patient to get into it - but a few spins 
paying full attention will soon have it on heavy rotation in your 
frontal lobe. 
	The sweet rollicking Athens sound is really this band's 
strong suit - anyone schoolward bound or ready to take the last 
road trip of the summer needs to make a home for this one in the 
car.   The harder stuff this time around isn't so, um, metal, this 
time, and even when they commit the goofball sin of naming a song 
after themselves, it's a garage grinder that you'll forgive for 
them in the end.  Kinney and company were among the forerunners 
of 'ringing' or 'chiming' guitars - and they know how to give it 
an edge that makes you glad they still like to show off that harder 
side - check out the dismally optimistic "Beneath The Undertow" 
and its great echoey passages.
	One of drivin's fondnesses is the juxtaposing of really 
hard followed by really soft.  If you know their music, you're used 
to it.  New initiates will probably find this release more 
accessible, in that there's a lot more evenness in the pacing.  
Tempo shifts are a little more steady, ranging from mid-tempo to 
almost waltz time.  Kinney's had plenty of time and two solo 
acoustic efforts to hone his storytelling, and he plays out every 
character from the old man in "I've Got A Message" set against the 
country jubilee of mandolin and lap steel, to the confusion of young 
love set to a hammond organ and harmonica crying together in 
"Around the Long Way".   The highest low point always comes anytime 
a violin has something to say in a might-have-been love song, on  
"Passing Through", you almost don't realize that you're heart is 
throbbing with in sympathetic sorrow with the string section.
	A welcome jolt into high gear is yet another almighty 
kiss-off "Paid In Full", which cuts everyone involved just about 
dead - proving once again that this band's great forte is being 
one serious ass-kickin' bar band that's always got energy for one 
last go before the lights come up for the night.  If you want an 
encore, when you drape your arms around all your companions and 
sing the chorus, then look no farther than "Everything's Gonna Be 
Alright" with its "American Pie" (or "Straight To Hell" for that 
matter) feel - one that everyone will know and belt out, even if 
the rest of the words are lost in the blur of a good time and the 
reluctance of bringing the evening to an end.  As my best friend 
puts it - they are a band who epitomize the energy of an arena 
band concentrated at the barroom level.
	So as they Ramone their way through the end track 
"Nothing to Lose", it's clear the carpe diem philosophy set against 
the solidity of drivin' n' cryin's talent shows them to be ever at 
the ready for stories to be told, hearts to be won, lessons to be 
learned, or just to hop in the car and go for a long ride.  This 
disc invites you along for the ride, and you know they genuinely 
want you there.
	The band has a website at www.drivinncryin.com.
---
	REVIEW: Soundtrack, _Godmoney_ (V2 Records)
		- Sean Eric McGill
	Back in the late eighties and early nineties, I was big into 
skateboarding.  But, due to the limitations of time and the fact that 
my knees are one good fall away from surgery, I had to get out of it. 
The soundtrack for _Godmoney_, however, made me wish I was able to go 
back out again.
	The director of the film, Darren Doane, describes the 
soundtrack to his film as "the ultimate mixed tape". Hes right. When I 
was skating, we put together tapes all the tape to listen to while 
we skated. Bands like Suicidal Tendencies, The Ramones, Black Flag, 
P.I.L, and others all found their way onto our tapes. We had only two 
requirements for our tapes - they had to be music that we enjoyed, and 
they had to be loud.
	The soundtrack to _Godmoney_ certainly fulfills both of those 
demands. Even the lighter songs, like Farsides "Hope You're Unhappy" 
remind me of those long-ago days spent in parking lots, building ramps 
and whatnot. But, sticking true to my own musical tastes, it's the 
heavier tracks like "Rusty" by Slick Shoes and "Reject" by Living 
Sacrifice that got my blood pumping. And for me, these feelings were 
key to my enjoyment of the album since every track reminded me of 
some pleasant memories.
	Now, it needs to be said that Godmoney (the film) isn't 
about skateboarding, or pleasant memories, for that matter. Which 
brings us to the point about whether or not the film works in 
conjunction with the movie it is a part of. Honestly, I can't say for 
sure. The film, which will premiere at movie festivals and then start 
working its way across the country, probably won't come with three 
hundred miles of my hometown, so needless to say, I haven't seen it.
	But, from what I do know about it, it's a dark story of a 
young man (Rick Rodney of Strife, whose band contributes "Untitled", 
one of the best tracks of the album) who leaves his home and his 
lifestyle behind him and finds that no matter where you go, you can 
never run from yourself. Now, when you compare that description of 
the film to the music on _Godmoney_, you certainly do have a connection.
	Overall, the soundtrack to _Godmoney_ is not only the album I 
wish I had seven years ago, but also one damn fine movie soundtrack. 
No effort is made to cater to a multiple set of genres, giving it a 
perfect coherence. Even when it lightens up, it never shifts gears. 
Come to think of it, neither did we on those long-ago days.
---
	REVIEW: Coward, _Coward_ (Elektra)
		- Bill Holmes
	How's this for irony - the band kicks off the record with a tune 
called "Cliche" that apes every 1970's rock move right down to the 
synthesizer fills and the "C'mon C'mon" vocals. Pretty ballsy - are 
they in on their own joke, or what? Must admit that when I got this CD 
I wasn't enthused. Front cover band name in "neon lights" (Heavy Metal 
Alert #1) and on the back cover of the CD, a tight shot of that "devil 
horn salute" (fist raised, pinky and index finger extended) that usually 
means a moron is attached directly below.
	Well, glad I continued. "Fell Down", the second cut, mines 
that territory that houses pop bands from The Cars to Silver Jet - 
attention grabbing, hooky numbers that follow the tried and true 
power chord formula. However, most of the songs like "Boring" and "My 
Wisdom" even take it a step further, echoing New Wave heroes like The 
Jags and The Fools more than modern power pop. Others like "Swallow" 
and "I'm All Right" kick in with a harder edge (think Green Day). Good 
harmonies, chunky guitars and tight playing throughout the record 
make it enjoyable, albeit short, ride. My favorite is probably the 
snappy "Popularity Kills" - silly, but with an infectious chorus that 
you can't get out of your head.
	Probably best heard at high volume with the windows rolled 
down, there's lots of promise here, whether they're truly into this 
style or just aping a la Weezer. But next time I hope they leave that 
damn synthesizer at home.
---
	REVIEW: Madeleine Peyroux, _Dreamland_ (Atlantic)
		- Jon Steltenpohl
	Musicians who go back to their roots are nothing new.  But 
every once in a while, a new artist comes along and breathes new life 
into a genre.  Newcomer Madeleine Peyroux is one of those artists.  W
hile musicians like Bessie Smith and Billie Holiday are certainly not 
forgotten, there aren't many modern artists who do anything but covers 
that sound like, well, covers.  Peyroux does the grand matriarchs 
true justice by singing like she's a contemporary rather than a mimic.
	Take the first track, a cover of "Walkin' after Midnight".  
You can arguably ask why another version of this song needs to be 
recorded, but Peyroux finds her own path through the song.  With the 
help of a tender Hammond organ from Charlie Giordano, Mark Ribot's 
guitar, and James Carter's bluesy saxophone, Peyroux pulls off a 
lazy, loping version that never begs to be compared to the original.
	"Hey Sweet Man", the second track, is a classic seduction 
song in the style of Bessie and Billie.  "Got a mind to love you.  My 
love won't leave you be.", sings Peyroux.  Ribot's sparse dobro sets 
off her perfectly sultry voice.  She bends her notes around each 
word, and ends each phrase in a fading vibrato.  Marcus Printup adds 
a few touches of trumpet in place of a traditional harmonica, and 
the effect is the same as any classic recording from the first half 
of the century.
	But, the surprise comes when you look for the credits and 
find that Peyroux herself wrote "Hey Sweet Man".  It's actually one 
of three songs she penned herself.  The other two are equally 
impressive and each take on a different genre.  "Always a Use" has a 
slight blues flavor to it, but is more of a sparse folk song in the 
style of Lucinda Williams (writer of the country song, "Passionate 
Kisses").  The title track, "Dreamland", is set with a more modern 
sound reminiscent of 10,000 Maniacs.
	As the title would suggest, the mood of _Dreamland_ is laid 
back and easy going.  There are silly songs like "I'm Going to Sit 
Myself Down and Write Myself a Letter" and "Was I?".  In "Was I?", 
Peyroux asks such morning after questions as "Was I drunk?, Was he 
handsome?, and Did momma give me hell?".  Melancholy songs like the 
smokey French bar song, "La Vie en Rose", and the solemn "A Prayer" 
come at the album's midpoint.  Then, to end on a high note, Peyroux 
gives us two able covers of Bessie Smith's "Reckless Blues" and 
"Lovesick Blues".  It's a great close to a fabulous album.
	Madeleine Peyroux has pulled off a tough task.  Not everyone 
can cover classic songs with such style and poise, but Peyroux sings 
as if she was a sister to these ladies.  Peyroux uses the expression 
in her voice to get the style across, and never pushes the limits.  
The music follows the same carefree style, and the effect is superb.  
These songs are simple, smooth, and uncluttered.  _Dreamland_ is an 
outstanding collection that will please new and old fans of 
traditional rhythm and blues.  It is simply a marvelous album.
---
	SHORT TAKES
		- Al Muzer
	
	REVIEW: Geezer, _Black Science_ (TVT)

	Former Black Sabbath bassist/lyricist Geezer Butler's 
second solo offering jettisons Fear Factory throat Burton C. 
Bell for complete unknown Clark Brown - and pays for that folly 
more than once on these 13 dated-sounding Butler/Pedro (guitar) 
Howse compositions.
	Taking their musical cues from artists as diverse as 
Nine Inch Nails, Suicidal Tendencies, Alice In Chains, The Police, 
Marilyn Manson, Metallica, White Zombie, Robert Palmer and Prodigy; 
Geezer and the crew rip out a few bitchin' riffs (especially on 
"Justified" and "Xodiak") and try their damnedest to rise above 
the sludge - Brown's limited chops and weak attack, however, 
routinely drag the proceedings down to a Ronnie James 
Dio-fronts-Scorpions level.

	REVIEW: Verbow, _Chronicles_ (Epic)

	Featuring captivating, big-boned potential rock anthems with 
giant hooks, bright harmonies, fully-realized melodies, radio-friendly 
choruses, real heart and not less than five possible hits; this 
Bob Mould-produced Chicago four-piece pits the brilliantly-melodic, 
Badfinger-fueled songwriting and mellow-ternative vocals of 
punk-schooled guitarist Jason Narducy against slinky blasts of 
gentle sawing, static noize and classical-instrument-as-machine-gun 
sprawl sprayed into the mix by cellist Alison Chesley. 

	REVIEW: Agnes Gooch, _Blind_ (Revolution)

	Featuring a drummer that lays claim to Joyce (Three's 
Company) DeWitt for a stepmother and a sound that brings to mind 
Cheap Trick as swaggering late-'60s West Coast rockers heavily 
influenced by the walls of sound explored by Kitchens Of 
Distinction, the Cobain legacy and the first Radiohead record - Gooch 
vocalist Mat Baker recalls a young Glenn Tilbrook playing off a 
real sense of anger and urgency while guitarist Nathan Ehrenfeld 
lays down a six-string assault worthy of the heaviest of metals
that bubbles with a subtle pulse and sonic goo all its own.
---
NEWS:	> The synthpop group Arcanum has signed a licensing agreement 
with the German label Visage to reissue _The Spoken Scream_ on an 
international level.
	> Rockstock '97, hosted by Chicago's WRCS, will take place
on September 6 at the New World Music Amphitheatre.  Bands expected
to perform include  Megadeth, Veruca Salt, Faith No More, Seven Mary 
Three, Helmet, Cracker, Local H, Silverchair, Gravity Kills, and
The Nixons.
	> Rob Zombie (of White Zombie) will make his directing debut
on the third installment of The Crow series, titled The Crow:2037. 
There is no word yet on who the movie's soundtrack will contain, 
although it seems likely that White Zombie will contribute another
song for the soundtrack.
---
TOUR DATES (Please confirm with site before travelling):
	Bailter Space / Sunday Puncher
Sep. 3 Washington, DC Black Cat (Bailter Space only)
Sep. 4 Chapel Hill, NC Lizard and Snake
Sep. 5 Atlanta, GA Point
Sep. 6 Jacksonville, FL Milk Bar
Sep. 9 Pensacola, FL Handle Bar
Sep. 10 New Orleans, LA Howlin Wolf

	Big Top Tour (incl. Juan Atkins, Banco de Gaia, 
808 State, Loup Garou, Moby, and many more)
Sep. 3 Washington, DC Capitol Ballroom
Sep. 5 Atlanta, GA Masquerade Music Park
Sep. 9 Dallas, TX Bronco Bowl

	David Bowie
Sept. 6 Vancouver, BC Plaza of Nations
Sept. 7 Seattle, WA Paramount
Sept. 10 Denver, CO Mammoth

	Comet Gain
Sep. 6 New York, NY Cooler

	Common Sense
Sept. 5 San Diego, CA Street Scene
Sept. 7 Sacramento, CA Hard Rock

	Counting Crows / Wallflowers / Engine 88
Sep. 5 Seattle, WA The Gorge
Sep. 6 Portland, OR Rose Garden Theater

	Daft Punk / Aphex Twin
Sep. 5 Washington, DC 9:30 Club 
Sep. 6 Philadelphia, PA Trocadero 
Sep. 7 Boston, MA Avalon 

	Dandy Warhols / Polara
Sep. 2 Asbury Park, NJ Saint
Sep. 4 New York, NY Knitting Factory
Sep. 5 Hoboken, NJ Maxwell's
Sep. 7 Richmond, VA Twisters

	Danielson/Soul Junk
Sept. 1 St Louis, MO Cicero's w/ Lullaby For The Working Class
Sept. 2 Chicago, IL Lounge Ax
Sept. 3 Cleveland, OH Speak in Tounges
Sept. 4 New York, NY Brownie's w/ Danielson Family only, Velour100

	Fluke
Sept. 5 Chicago, IL Chicago Pier Grand Ballroom
Sept. 10 Salt Lake City, UT SaltAir Resort Main Pavilion

	Irving Plaza (NYC concert hall: http://www.irvingplaza.com)
Sep. 3 G Love & Special Sauce / Mansun / Save Ferris / Travis
Sep. 4 Superchunk / Butterglory/Pipe
Sep. 5 Man or Astro-man? / Skeleton Key
Sep. 6 Tanya Donelly / Juliana Hatfield

	Life of Agony
Sep. 2 Portland, ME Zootz
Sep. 3 Montreal, QC Les Foufounes
Sep. 4 Toronto, ON Lee's Palace
Sep. 5 Columbus, OH Chelsie's
Sep. 6 Cleveland, OH Peabody's
Sep. 7 Detroit, MI St. Andrews
Sep. 9 Denver, CO Bluebird

	Magoo
Sep. 4 New York, NY Continental
Sep. 5 New York, NY Wetlands

	Matchbox 20
Sept 6 West Lafayette, IN Slayter Hill Amp/Purdue Univ
Sept 7 Lawrence, KS Jayhawk Music Fest

	Pantera / Coal Chamber / Machine Head
Sep. 4 Anitoch, TX Starwood
Sep. 5 Winston-Salem, NC LJVM Coliseum
Sep. 6 Fayetteville, NC Cumberland County Arena
Sep. 7 Atlanta, GA International Ballroom
Sep. 9 Philadelphia, PA Electric Factory
Sep. 10 New York, NY Roseland

	Roadside Monument
Sep. 4 New York, NY Brownie's
Sep. 5 Philadelphia, PA LaSalle Univ
Sep. 9 Ann Arbor, MI Blind Pig

	Tsunami
Sep. 1 Detroit, MI Magic Stick w/Franklin Bruno
Sep. 2 Chicago, IL Fireside Bowl w/Van Pelt
Sep. 3 Chicago, IL Lounge Ax w/Van Pelt
Sep. 4 Minneapolis, MN Whole Music Club w/Van Pelt
Sep. 5 Madison, WI O'Cayz Corral w/ Van Pelt
Sep. 6 Davenport, IA Kanga Gallery w/Van Pelt
Sep. 7 Iowa City, IA Gabe's Oasis w/Van Pelt
Sep. 9 Oberlin, OH Oberlin w/Van Pelt
Sep. 10 Louisville, KY Toy Tiger

	Wu Tang Clan / Rage Against the Machine / Atari Teenage Riot
Sep. 1 Kansas City, KS Sandstone Amp.
Sep. 3 Minneapolis, MN Target Center
---
Founded in August, 1993, Consumable Online is the oldest continuous
collaborative music publication on the Internet.
To get back issues of Consumable, check out:
        WWW:     http://www.westnet.com/consumable
        FTP:     ftp.quuxuum.org in the directory /pub/consumable 
		 ftp.prouser.org
        (URL)    http://www.westnet.com/consumable/Consumable.html 
        (Delphi) Music Fandom forum; GO ENT MUSIC

To subscribe to Consumable, send an e-mail message to
consumable-request@westnet.com with the body of the message stating
"subscribe consumable".  To unsubscribe, send a message to the
same address stating "unsubscribe consumable".

Web access contributed by WestNet Internet Services (westnet.com),
serving Westchester County, NY.

Address any written correspondence to Bob Gajarsky, Consumable Online,
409 Washington St. #294, Hoboken, New Jersey 07030
===
