??-??-97

I don't like things that suck. Most things suck. There are very few things
that I like, thusly. I like the smell of fresh-cut grass. I like the smell
of weed. I like the taste of a taco. I like to watch _The Wall_. There's
not much else that's worth my time.

You aren't worth my time. Because you basically suck. You might think that
everyone else sucks. But you do too. We all suck, some of us admit it, some
revel in it, some deny it to others, some deny it to themselves. But every
single fucking person out there sucks.

Why do you suck? Because you're fooling yourself. Because you don't sit
back and smell the roses. Because you're in a hurry. Because you'd rather
make money than progress. Because the human race is stagnating, and it's
YOUR FUCKING FAULT. In the past, Darwin worked his magick on this world.
Animals were born; some survived. What decided which died and which lived?
Skill. Abilities. The strong survived, the weak died. But no, in the name
of ADVANCEMENT and SO-CALLED CIVILIZATION, we instead allow everyone to
breed. Stupid people shouldn't breed. In the past, those who were too
fucking clueless to gather berries died of starvation. But now in this
wonderful HUNGRY-MAN SALISBURY STEAK TV DINNER life, all can live. Those
with no useful skills survive. FUCK THEM. They are a bane to the rest of
us.

Hitler was stupid. But he was a genius. He saw what people refused to see.
The human race is frozen in time. He was wrong, blaming it on a race card,
but it's really INTELLECT that matters. I hate *everyone*. You have to
prove yourself worthy to me first. Ignorant people aren't worthy. They
are that way by choice. When someone is in fucking college, and can't
read an entire book, there is a DISTINCT PROBLEM HERE. IDIOTS, THE WHOLE
FUCKING LOT OF YOU. GET OFF OF MY PLANET. I NEED THE ROOM. 

Why do we always kill the wrong people? We kill JFK, we kill RFK, but
Teddy, FUCK NO. We kill Gandhi and King, but when it comes to Saddam
Hussein, hell no. Of course, we can't kill Hussein. That would cut into
our PROFITS. We need OIL. Jello Biafra was right. His lyrics still apply,
if you just change a few key words -- "America wants fuel, to get it it
needs puppets, so what's ten million dead, if it's keeping out the 
Russians?" Look at Joseph Goebbles. The man was another genius. He
manipulated the ignorant masses of a country to believe the biggest crock
of shit ever perpetuated on society. And they were BEGGING for the HONOR
of helping out.

Maybe it's not everyone. Maybe it's just this useless country. Look at
France. When the government starts fucking around with the livelihoods
of farmers, what do they do? They RIOT, they PROTEST, they FUCK SHIT UP.
They totally destroy any sort of commerce going on within the entire
country by going on strike and preventing anything else from happening.

The government butted out.

What did WE do when Reagan laid off the air traffic controllers? I'll tell
you what we did. Was it riots? Was it legislation? Was it terrorism? Was
it impassioned pleas from families about how their children would starve?
None of the above. It was ABOLUTELY NOTHING AT ALL.  Is it going to happen
again? Of course. Are we going to stop it? Hell no. How can we prevent it?
We can't. The one-party-with-two-factions political system has a 
stranglehold on this country. Robert Anton Wilson was right. Fnord! Maybe
there are no Illuminati, but the Republicrats are more than willing to
let this place sit with no forward advancement whatsoever. Revolution
for the hell of it is what we need. We need change. Vote. Vote Libertarian.
Vote Independant (not Perot -- see above about stupid people not breeding).
Vote Green Party. Vote for Ralph fucking Nader if you have to. Send a
message. DO SOMETHING. Get ACTIVE, get INVOLVED. Don't ride the system
for the brood sow it is, sucking from the same teat as every other
worthless Tom Dick and Harry, KICK THE PIG IN THE ASS AND BUY A FUCKING
COW.

We are a COMPLACENT, IGNORANT people over here. Maybe you deserve it. 
You certainly don't mind it. Give me convenience or give me death.
Freedom defined is freedom denied. WHILE THERE IS A SOUL IN PRISON, I 
AM NOT FREE.

				brian j. pardy

--
                                      WTF
                    high-intensity hypermodern psychobabble
                      http://www.psnw.com/~posterkid/wtf/
