
 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(
 )- doomed to obscurity e'zine issue number 26 - released january 15, 1998 -(

            "T$$$$b. "T$$$$$b.               .d$$$$P"""""T$$$$b. "T$$$$$$$
              "T$$$$b. "T$$$$$$P"^`          "T$$$$$b.    "T$$$$b. "T$$$$$
     .d$$$$P""""T$$$$$b. "T$$$$$b.   "T$$$$$b. "T$$$$$b.   "T$$$$$b. "T$$$
     "T$$$$$b.   "T$$$$$b. "T$$$$$b.   "T$$$$$b. "T$$$$$b.   "T$$$$$b. "T$
    b. "T$$$$$b.   "T$$$$$b. "T$$$$$b.   "T$$$$$b. "T$$$$$b.   "T$$$$$b. "
    $$b. "T$$$$$b.   "T$$$$$b. "T$$$$$b.   "T$$$$$b. "T$$$$$b.   "T$$$$$b.
    """"`  `""""""^""^""""""""`  `""""""^""^"""""""`   `""""""^""^"""""""`
    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "Opium Man?  What the Hell Is Wrong with Me?"
 by -- Quarex

        Hello, Sir or Madam, as the case may be!  My name is Quarex, and I am
 here to tell you about the 26th issue of Doomed to Obscurity.  I understand
 your concern, since you have absolutely no fucking idea who I am, as I am
 not at all associated with your usual DTO salesperson.  In fact, I just got
 this job today, on a freak accident with my resume!  I assure you, in no
 time, you will get to know me just as well as the president of our fine
 corporation.

        Now, let me get back to the matter at hand.  I am selling these fine
 leather jackets.  What?  Oh, no, this is pudding.  I am selling this fine
 pudding!  Do you understand this metaphor yet, Sir or Madam, as the case may
 be?  No?  Here, let me show you the kinds of puddings we have.

        This first pudding is a real doozy.  What flavor is it?  I thought
 you would never ask!  New, yummy, "Letters to the editor!"  This particular
 flavor also includes a dash of flavor hand-picked by a few of your regular
 DTO salespeople, as well as a splash of my personal favorite flavor!

        I see you are more interested in these larger puddings I have set up
 near this rock formation.  Well, let me show you a thing or two!  Here we
 have the always-delicious flavor, "Honeysuckle!"  Actually, now that I think
 about it, this flavor would probably not make any sense to you.  Let us move
 on.

        Oho, here is a tasty treat!  "Flying Teapot!"  The only pudding with
 real metal in the mix!  I am sure you will agree that this new flavor
 provides insight on some very tasty puddings yet to come!

        Yes, I understand, I am not showing you all of the puddings here, but
 I am on a tight schedule, Sir or Madam.  I assure you they are all equally
 good!

        Ah, a wonderful new flavor, home-grown in our Ohio laboratories!  No
 no, I assure you, pudding is always made in a laboratory.  Just investigate
 this flavor!  Mmm, "Japan my Ass!"  A hint of mahogany with all the glory of
 a proud nation!

        Huzzah!  A flavor to tempt nearly all who dare come near it!  A taste
 for all seasons, a dinner... "We enjoy it."  Could you hand me that garden
 hose, please?  Gracias.

        Think you have tasted all that my kind can produce?  Check out this
 little number, the glorious "The Lowdown on Ease & Serenity with a Woman at
 a River."  Our marketing people debating shortening the name, indeed, but we
 decided that it would lose its charm.

        Speaking of Annie, you should try our "Chaos Theory" flavor.  It has
 lots of wholesome goodness thrown right into the mix, and goes down smooth,
 like a yummy pudding should.

        One last flavor I simply must show you, on special request of the big
 guy, Mr. President, He-Who-Sees, My Rejuvenator, Scarbourough Fair,
 Alexander the Great.  Our new fun-pak has a great collection of flavors,
 collectively referred to as "Mom Never Learned How to Swim."  This pudding
 will clear up all the things you wondered about the individual flavors
 featured in the package, complete with PUDDING LINER NOTES from the flavors'
 creator!

        Sorry Sir or Madam, I have to run.  Keep in mind all the flavors I
 have shown to you this month, you never know when I may find myself in the
 position of pudding salesman again.

                                     ____
                                  ___|  |_ _
                               ___|  |  _______
                               |     |  |     |
 )- -------------------------- |  |  |  |  |  | -------------------------- -(
                               |  |  |  |  |  |
      doomed to obscurity #26  |  |  |  |  |  |  and all contents therein...
                               |  |  |  |  |  |
 )- -------------------------- |  |  |  |  |  | -------------------------- -(
                               |_____|  |_____|
                                     |___ _


 TABLE OF CONTENTS:
  1. "Opium Man?  What the Hell is Wrong with Me?" -- by Quarex
  2. DTO #26 and all contents therein...
  3. Letters to the Editor

 EDITORIALS:
  4. "RGB Owns You: Copyright Laws Make Art a Hazardous Pastime" -- by Eerie

 HUMOR:
  5. "Sequels to look for in 1998" -- by The CMW Kids
  6. "Honeysuckle -- Condiments; Chapter 80" -- by Murmur
  7. "A Simmons Carol" -- by Sweeney Erect
  8. "Flying Teapot" -- by Ashtray Heart

 FICTION:
  9. "Japan My Ass" -- by Puck
 10. "We Enjoy It" -- by Sweeney Erect
 11. "The Lowdown on Ease & Serenity with a Woman at a River" by D. McDaniel
 12. "A Living Hell" -- by Squinky
 13. "The Chaos Theory; Tuesday, July 26th" -- by Eerie
 14. "Mom Never Learned How to Swim" -- by Mooer
 15. "One Nation Under" -- by Eerie

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(
                           - LETTERS TO THE EDITOR -
 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 Date: Fri, 05 Dec 1997 15:50:43
 From: Deanna Robison <drobison@TTIADMIN.TAMU.EDU>
 To: mogel@dto.net
 Subject: 'zines

 hey. Please don't take me for a complete idiot, but I've heard very little
 about 'zines. I was screwing around on the computer and I came upon "Doomed
 to Obscurity". I live in College Station and attend Texas A&M Univ. I don't
 get much exposure to "underground" magazines here. You wrote something about
 terrible poetry and an abundance of essays in 'zines. I don't understand
 this; how could any self-respecting writer allow their work to be published
 when it's not polished, and why would people read it. Do you have anything
 else written on this subject? An instructor of mine told me to look into
 'zines if I was interested in having a few pieces of prose published. What
 do you think about this? Like I said, I really don't know much about
 'zines -- I would appreciate a reply if you have the time. Oh, by the way...
 I'm no cowgirl. Thanks.

 [ Eerie's note: I suppose an easy answer would be that being deliberately
   "free" entities, most e-zines go through periods where they'd just accept
   anything to fill some space.  Though, the truth is more complex: e-zines
   can also be seen as "writer's playgrounds" or just places to try new
   things. Therefore the people who are into such publications are often
   interested in their work-in-progress feel, and the fact that some of what
   they release isn't completely polished is mostly deemed spontaneous rather
   than careless. ]

 ---

 Date: Tue, 3 Dec 2097 23:25:20
 From: MHq <madhq@tin.it>
 To: murmur@dto.net
 Subject: Hi!

 Hey there.

 I got yer e-address on the Obloid Sphere and i'm bothering ya just to tell
 that I've read yer story "The Most Elite BBS In The World." I found it funny
 and sad at the same time. Funny 'coz it actually was the most elite BBS, sad
 'coz it says something about the end of the scene... or at least this is my
 interpretation.

 That's all. But I've 1 question, though. You should have been in the scene
 too, but I've never heard about Murmur (ya could say, never heard about Mad
 Harlequin, ok, ok...) but I'd like to know whether this has always been yer
 handle or if u're using another one.

 Ok, don't have other 'nuff stupid questions at the moment. As far as me is
 concerned, I used to run a board in Italy, (da usual 0-dayz warez based BBS)
 and it got pretty good after a couple of hard years work (especially when I
 started distributing /X). Then I sold everything during the so-called
 Italian Crackdown (read it as risk of cops in yer home!).

 L8r!
 -MHq

 [ Editor's note: Since this article is rather old, here's a bit of history.
   Murmur's _The Most Elite BBS in The World_, published in DTO #2, created
   a massive backlash.  Apparently after reading the text file, hundreds of
   software pirates began flinging their arms up in the air, screaming
   "my warez days are over!" and coincidentally, an equal number of
   completely inane e'zines began appearing all over the world.  Surprisingly
   enough, many of them looked like DTO. ]

 ---

 Date: Thu, 18 Dec 1997 00:29:29
 From: "Christopher J. Buzachero" <Christopher.J.Buzachero@samford.edu>
 To: murmur@dto.net
 Subject: Re: "Racism: From Class to Classroom"

 Hey Phil, it's been awhile.

 I logged onto the DTO page for the first time in months (it looks awesome)
 and immediately noticed the race thread that has obviously been going on.

 I've been reading quite a bit lately on race and gender issues, and after
 reading the response by "Katie" I immediately read your article.

 First off, I thought it was a good article.  The fact that a poll showed
 that nine out of ten Blacks don't earmark racism as a major problem in their
 everyday lives surprised me quite a lot.  Obviously enough to provoke a
 response.

 After exhaustingly devouring Cornell West, bell hooks, Mumia Abu-Jamal
 (etc), and seeing Louis Farrakhan speak in Selma, Alabama, the notion of
 racism as a virulent scourge that permeated all of society seemed to be a
 truism to me.  Going to a small, conservative, Christian college in Alabama
 has offered me personal exposure to overtly racist policies and beliefs on a
 large scale.

 It seems almost an absolute to me that racism is one of the biggest
 challenges facing America; where, by all counts, race relations among its
 constituents is at a very bad state.  In fact, I just finished my Race and
 Ethnic Relations class by writing an essay comparing the dual racial systems
 of Brazil and the United States.  In the essay I had to explain how, after
 developing along strikingly similar lines, Brazil and the United States' 
 respective states of race relations have taken such a divergent path.
 Anyway, in all of my readings, in my listening to the politically active rap
 music from 1988 to 1992 (Public Enemy, KRS One, Ice Cube, etc), I had 
 concluded that racism, discrimination, and prejudice affected minorities in
 almost all aspects of daily life.

 I've deduced, basically, that the elite, white, power "structure" has
 perpetuated its own dominance using racist policies and social norms.  The
 motivations behind these acts are its own existence -- the desire to
 maintain their power and to keep outside threats from gaining that power.
 I think that two of the main "tools" this ruling elite utilizes in
 perpetuating its own power are economics and social norms.

 Social norms are obvious; they are individual mindsets that are created by
 many outside influences: parents, the media, the government, "society" or
 any other buzzword institution.  These norms have been proven to be
 susceptible to change -- the progress since the early 1950s proves this.
 The economics problem, however, is structural, and should certainly be
 addressed with as much, if not more, fervor as racist social norms.

 Economic policy, be it taxes, urban geographical distribution, or the
 "nature" of capitalism itself, seems to be one of the main ways in which
 racism is perpetuated and minorities are kept hamstrung.  I could go into 
 excruciating detail but because of time constraints and attention-span
 constraints (I _just_ wrote all of this down for my Race final, it
 seems... :) I won't.  The situation as it stands today is a disproportionate
 amount of minorities stuck in poor, inner-city, urban areas.  Without 
 monetary power, educational actualization is a utopic dream.  I agree with
 you wholeheartedly that education is absolutely necessary for the battle
 against racism to continue effectively.  I'll address that more thoroughly
 in a bit.  Because of the economic stagnation facing many Blacks today,
 crime is an answer to the problem of paying the rent and defining identity.
 Clearly, the economic situation for most of Black America is a bleak one,
 and has many malign implications.  These implications serve as problems in
 and of themselves, which I would argue are the "problems" that those
 surveyed take precedence over "racism".

 My thoughts on that statistic tell me that nine out of ten Black youths are
 educationally uninformed about the racism that keeps them at the bottom of
 the social and class ladder(s).

 Obviously, racism exists in an extreme form.  The fact that it has improved
 is nice, but it shouldn't halt or even slow current movements against this
 social evil.  Journalists like Mumia Abu-Jamal lucidly articulate differing
 manifestations of racism within society and their effects on the lives of
 minorities.  Clearly, he isn't lying.

 Nevertheless, the statistic also points to an unfortunate pattern emerging
 in the race discussion itself.  Academic discourse on race seems to be a
 floodgate of dialogue.  On an ivory tower-esque level, racism is being
 documented and debated on a widespread level.  But that statistic alone 
 indicates that it is being almost limited to this academic level.  The
 individuals who are being visibly hurt most by racism don't even realize
 it -- because they are not informed.

 History provides a little light on this blight, the leadership of academics
 like Martin Luther King Jr., Malcom X, Huey Newton, the Black Panthers, and
 many others demonstrate how intellectuals can inform their communities and
 work successfully for change.  But there is one key characteristic common to
 all of these leaders that, in my mind, needs to be highlighted.  These
 leaders reached out to their communities, they did not settle for battling 
 racism on solely an academic level or restrict their voices to that context.
 This is something that I feel needs to be done more, those informed have the
 responsibility to inform others.  

 This empowerment doesn't have to occur through better education in schools,
 better teachers, or "Robin Hood" tax policies designed to boost inner-city
 school funding.  It is easily catalyzed by simple involvement in social 
 groups featuring members of this "uninformed" community.

 This is getting a bit long, but that's basically what I think.  I agree
 completely with your article, I just wanted to share what direction of
 thought it led me in.  Thanks for listening.

 - Chris (tMM)

 Oh yeah, one question, in that article, what were the problems that took
 precedence over racism?

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(
                                - EDITORIALS -
 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "RGB Owns You: Copyright Laws Make Art a Hazardous Pastime"
 by -- Eerie

        So "artist" rhymes with "cease & desist..."  Mattel, Inc. recently
 got its lawyers to browse the web looking for any art installments featuring
 America's own, the doll everyone has to know.  Barbie.  The battlefield of 
 choice?  Why, copyright infringement, of course!

        Who cares if most of these artists aren't making a dime with these
 installments!  The corporate gods have spoken:  "enough profit-making from  
 our commercial icon!  Enough illegally milking the sacred cash cow!"

        Is Mattel really worried about its corporate image?  It's unlikely,
 due to these web artists' limited influence.  Apart from the marginal crowd
 of hip avant-garde kids, the only others viewing these sites will be those
 who hear the news & want to know what all this Barbie-stuff fuss is about.

        Still, isn't bad publicity good publicity?  This may be true in the 
 case of corporate giants (& this would be the reasoning behind Mattel's
 legal action).  However, it's easy to be biased against an
 individually-owned web site a corporation told you to hate -- ultimately,
 most "netizens" will end up forgiving the big ones as the latter feed an
 unknowing audience with more false assumptions.  It's this simple:  once you
 have the money, you can buy your public.

        But, wait, art on the web is not really in danger, is it?  It _has_ 
 coverage, right?  I mean, take a quick look at HotWired's take on hypertext
 as a  medium:  the RGB gallery.  They host art for the dilettante & the
 branch‚ to stumble  upon & say:  "Ohhh... how deliciously shocking!  How
 gently disturbing!"

        Though, guess what:  RGB will never host an installment as brilliant
 as Mark Napier's "Distorted Barbie," which has just recently been censored
 by Mattel's action where actual paintings of Barbie once stood, yet all
 you'll see now is a distortion job; well executed, but still distortion.
 We'll suppose that Napier is just too hardcore for the fluorescent world of
 HotWired -- but that's beyond the point.  The point is that RGB claims to be
 about art, first & foremost.  

        After all, no matter how soft, contrived & redundant, RGB does go
 further than, say, "Tommy's World of Backgrounds."  The whole site design
 speaks of an "underground" ethic, a "hip" stance on things, an eye for the
 "new".

        Though, beneath this attitude they try to pass as genuine, there is
 a lie.  A deep, deep lie.

        Not long ago, David Opp, perpetrator of the mecca of backwardism, a
 site reverse-psychologically known as "Superbad", went directly for the meat
 when asked to do an installment for RGB:  he simply ripped almost every byte
 off of another site -- jodi.org.  Now, you can go & mimic an all-time
 classic if you want, but jodi.org, no matter how brilliant, doesn't exactly
 make the cover of Yahoo Internet Life.  So, as we speak, Mr. Opp gets
 credibility for an act of blatant plagiarism, accepted because it was made
 on Wired grounds.

        Are those the aesthetics of Wired Magazine?  We do know from looking
 at their print publication that getting an ISDN transplant doesn't help when
 it comes to aesthetics, but still -- is that all there is?

        Art on the web is currently attacked from everywhere:  the C.D.A.
 almost made all art depicting nudity pornographic; the recent amendments to
 the copyright laws makes it almost impossible to create if not from
 complete scratch, just as most of contemporary art is about rewording this
 era's trademarks & symbols to get the true meaning out of them.

        And in the midst of this silent battle, if we're lucky, HotWired
 might give a report on the casualties with their Internet-related news,
 right next to some more exciting news about Mr. Gates' latest court battle.
 Bad publicity is good publicity, right?

        "Oh, here's something else the web can give me for free, let's gobble
 it up no matter how unfit for consumption..."

        Of course, it's still possible to publish your own art on the web:
 pay your local provider for some web space, pray the server doesn't crash
 too often, & mostly, come with a great deal of naivety; it may take a long
 while before a hundred souls wander to your site.  To get the hits, you must
 buy yourself some hype.  That means a lot of money.  To get that money, you
 need a lot of good friends.  By good friends, I mean this:  Mattel & Wired
 are good friends, whether they know it or not.  The reason is they just
 won't get in each other's way, & that's usually what it's all about in
 this business-ridden world.

        So, when thinking about freedom on the Internet, ask yourself a 
 question:  is it really about the absence of constraints, or just the mere
 possibility of swallowing all this unneeded data these liars
 oh-so-generously give out?  It costs to give out for free.  Soon enough
 artists will be exhausted, & the web will be just as controlled as your T.V.
 Not just with laws, but with money.

 Distorted Barbie -- http://www.users.interport.net/~napier/barbie/
 Superbad -- http://www.superbad.com
 RGB gallery -- http://www.hotwired.com/rgb/

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(
                                  - HUMOR -
 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "Sequels to Look for in 1998"
 by -- The CMW Kids

 ID5 
 ---

        Those Zany aliens are back, and this time all their
 technologically-advanced friends tag along!  The laughs never end in this
 sci-fi thriller!

        Will Smith stars as an ex-Marine cab driver in New York City who lost
 both his career and wife as a result of post-war depression.  But that
 didn't stop Smith from belting out hysterical lines like, "Yo, man, wassup
 with dis shit, yo know?  Like, welcome to Earth.  You know?" that will
 quickly become as cult classic as Homer Simpson's "Doh!"

        There's more!  Here's a sneak preview of the alien boss this time
 around, ZyZZy (Marlon Brando), explaining to a cadet the importance of being
 earnest.

        "Zyzzy, xggflls ereooZzz ytmsaJJj! ! ! adreiQQ!"

        "The horror, the horror! STELLA!!!!!!!! asagsjsshshhhhhh"
        
        Most likely to win Brando his 3rd Oscar for being the most annoying
 man to work with in the movie industry, ID5 is expected out in July of 1998.

 Spiceworld 2 
 ------------

        Even before _Spiceworld_ is released, the production of _Spiceworld
 2_ has already begun.  In this flick, designed to portray the more serious
 side of The Spice Girls, we learn about Scary Spice's epic battle with 
 cervical cancer, Young Spice's problems with age discrimination, Loopy
 Spice's rape at an early age and the lifelong orgy that has since ensued,
 and Guatemalan Spice's distaste for apricots.  This movie will also have
 rare footage from inside the Spice Girls' dressing rooms:

        Scary Spice: Damn, nigga, what the hell am I gonna wear?

        Old Spice: Math is hard! Girl power!

        Vaginal Spice: Tonight, I've got an angle -- let's go out on stage
                       and look like mindless whores!

        Old Spice: Let's go to the mall and look for cute boys!

        Expect _Spiceworld2_ in early April of 1998.

 The Star Wars Prequel
 ---------------------

        In George Lucas' prequel to The _Star Wars_ Trilogy, Leonardo 
 DiCaprio plays a young annikan skywalker who finds himself thrust into the
 bowels of life.  He soon meets a girl and ends up goin' for a little warp
 spin with her.  During this mysical cruise, the star carrier they are aboard
 hits a meteor that cuts into the ship's hull.  A vacuum soon sucks out the
 interior of the ship, and the passengers frantically rush outside before the
 star carrier sinks into space.  Only 700 of the initial 2100 passengers
 survive, for the depths of space are really cold and all the yuppies have
 taken all the space pods before the third class passengers could get to
 them.  Oh, and he has some kid along the way and becomes a Jedi or
 something.  Expect The _Star Wars_ Prequel in December of 1998.

 Marilyn Manson: From Superfreak to Antichrist Superstar
 -------------------------------------------------------

        This rockumentary, brought to the big screen by director Stanley
 Kubrick, will involve following the band Marilyn Manson around to all their
 tour dates and their satanic rituals.  See never-before-seen-and-lived
 footage from the house of Mister Manson.  Rumor has it he's really into
 Azure.  Although this isn't really a sequel, it's expected out in Februrary
 of 1998.

 Still Chasing Amy
 -----------------

        Soon-to-be another smash hit from Kevin Smith, creator of _Clerks_,
 _Mallrats_, and of course _Chasing Amy_, this movie is still about Chasing
 Amy.  Amy (Bridgett Fonda) is a world-class runner, but because she's a
 lesbian she has a hard time getting into the Olympics.  Luckily, she
 befriends a liberal-leaning corporation and they are willing to support her
 fight -- but is she willing to whore herself out to the man and do idiotic
 commercials just so she can run around a track wearing little clothing?  See
 for yourself when _Still Chasing Amy_ hits theatres in April 1998.

 The English Patient 2
 ---------------------

        Up for 13 Academy awards before it is even released, this movie tells
 the tale of a man who falls in love with a woman, but leaves her in a cave
 to die and then crashes his plane after it is shot down.  Actually, nothing
 in the plot chances from the first movie and all the footage is the same,
 but the first movie won so many awards they thought re-releasing it and
 calling it a sequel couldn't be that bad of an idea.  _The English Patient
 2_ is expected out March 1st.

 Addicted to More Love
 ---------------------

        Matthew Broderick and Meg Ryan play delightfully angstful characters
 in this true-to-life movie where they just can't get enough of that kooky
 love!  From last movie, Broderick's and Ryan's characters decide to pretend
 nothing ever happened between them, and so just start stalking their
 ex-boyfriend and girlfriend again.  The wackyness soon ensues as they set up
 a pinhole telescope and bug the ex's apartment to spy on them.  _Addicted to
 More Love_ is expected out early in January 1998.

 Home Alone 4
 ------------

        The holiday comedy continues as The Olson Twins fight off black
 panthers in order to protect their white suburban household.  The robber,
 "niggs", is played by Denzel Washington.  _Home Alone 4_ is due out in
 December of 1998.  Directed by Spike Lee.

 The Crucible Bites
 ------------------

        Possibly in her best role ever, Wynona Ryder plays Abigail Williams,
 a lonely young girl who has a fascination with married men and generation X
 "stuff".  Ethan Hawke plays John Proctor, married to Elizabeth Proctor (Neve
 Campbell), and Abigail's lover.  A great story of modern relationships and
 hanging, _The Crucible Bites_ is due out in August 1998.

 Street Fighter 3
 ----------------

        Yeah, there was no _Street Fighter 2_, but that was just to throw
 all the fans off.  In this sequel, since the late Raul Julia can't add any
 semblance of acting to a clearly horrible cast in absurd conditions, the
 entire movie takes place in a video arcade where Guile (Jean-Claude Van
 Damme) kicks some young punk ass so he can play the _Addams Family_ pinball
 game unobstructed.  Also stars Dom DeLuise and Milton Berle's hat.  Expect
 to see Street Fighter 3 in June 1998.

 Alien: The Musical
 ------------------

        For those who just can't get enough of Sigourney Weaver in her role
 as Ripley, the bad-ass alien-bustin' bitch, now a fifth movie in the series
 arrives to satiate the mindless drones.  This one, however, features
 interactive singing and dancing, for this time around Ripley discovers that
 the evil aliens actually know how to get down!  The numbers performed will
 be a collaborative writing effort of Sean "Puffy" Combs and famed vocalist
 Diamanda Galas.  Also stars Burt Reynolds as a stupid android.  _Alien: The
 Musical_ hits theatres in November 1998.

 The Chipmunks on Ice
 --------------------

        These three supersonic rodents are back, this time bringing you a 
 triple-axle laced ice capade.  Witness Frosty Alvin, Skatin' Simon, and 
 Slick Theodore fly through spins, loops, and bounds as they sing classics
 like "All I want for Christmas is my Two Front Teeth," and "Have a Holly
 Jolly Kwanzaa" and "Ice, Ice, Baby!"  Bring your earmuffs, or else go deaf
 in November 1998!

 White Men Can't Hack
 --------------------

        After a serious leg injury, Billy (Woody Harrelson) has to hang his
 basketball shoes up - and so he embraces the Information Superhighway!  Soon
 he's in a hacking battle with a bunch of wacky Laotians - and the laughs
 never stop!  Also stars Jeremy Irons, since Laotian is one nationality he's
 never portrayed before.  Expect to see White Men Can't Hack in July 1998!

 The Wrath of Grapes
 -------------------

        Based loosely on Steinbeck's classic, _The Wrath of Grapes_ is an
 almost scintillating modernization.  One hundred years after the
 disappearance of Tom Joad, the United States is once again in crisis.  Khan
 Kord (Jaleel White) and his family are forced out of their New Hampshire
 home, which has been taken over by the evil Bunch of Rogue Butchers.  Khan
 is faced with the dilemma of fighting for what is right for mankind or
 saving his family.  Khan will need the guidance of a sagacious old Maryland
 Terrapin football coach (Craig T. Nelson) and a destitute Buddhist named
 Jesus Christ (Wayne Newton).  Also stars all of the Culkin kids.  Expect to
 see _The Wrath of Grapes_ in theatres just in time for Christmas 1998!

 The Sixth Element
 -----------------

        Life's not so "perfect" anymore for Leilu (Milla Jovovich).  After
 marrying Korben Dallas (Bruce Willis), she gives birth to the "sixth"
 element, a half-human retarded boy named Elmo (Neil Patrick Harris).  The
 ultimate fighting machine quickly becomes the ultimate whining machine, not
 knowing how else to deal with her aching back, sore nipples, and decreased
 sex drive.  Korben takes to the bottle, and eventually moves in with his
 mistress, a much less perfect creature with a much more pronounced pair of
 tits.  Check it out in May 1998!

 Romy and Michelle's Second High School Reunion
 ----------------------------------------------

        Lisa Kudrow and Mira Sorvino reprise their roles as Romy and Michelle
 in this sequel to the runaway hit original film.  It's ten years later, and
 their graduating class is having yet another reunion.  Romy and Michelle try
 to impress their old high school chums by claiming to have invented
 "photosynthesis", a complicated system through which plants produce their
 own food from sunlight.  Their charade is exposed as Romy explains their
 invention to her old biology teacher, but Romy and Michelle recapture the
 hearts of their classmates by teaching them a great new dance called "The
 Twist".  Hits theatres in February 1998!

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "Honeysuckle -- Condiments; Chapter 80"
 by -- Murmur

        soaring through the air, you are in control.  your lance is shiny
 like mark murphy's bald head.  you will not be beaten.  you advance!  you
 flap!  you scream bloody murder!  here he is.  he is blue.  no!  he will not
 defeat you today.  another!  this one is brown!  he tastes your wrath.  can
 anybody stop you?  never, you declare!  but, lark.  the pterodactyl!  you
 can't defeat the pterodactyl!  it cannot happen!  but, lo!  you insert your
 mighty lance into the beast's mouth!  it is paralyzed!  it blinks!  it
 blinks!  it blinks!  and on your television set is ralph nader, and you have
 broken the law, and now it is time to send your rosey ass to the slammer,
 and you have no say in the matter, and you have no lance, and you have no
 wings to flap, and no eggs to collect for 1000 points, and you are going to
 spend the rest of your life in this miserable dark cell and you can only
 hope to die in the fiery lava, you worthless piece of shit.  your brother is
 here and he is burning all of your atari 2600 games!  and eating them!  he
 isn't really your brother!  he's really the shorter guy from milli vanilli,
 wearing a skirt made of tampons.  you don't know why this is, so you write a
 song.  and the song sucks, you piece of shit.  die die die.  draft cola.
 oh, yes.  you want a draft cola.  you killed the pterodactyl.  now you get
 to play another lame, worthless level.  joust, joust, joust.  aren't you
 proud of your life?  ralph is.  kiss ralph.  he is the troll.  i am the
 trool.  moo moo moo moog.  oh man, it all sucks so fucking much.  i have
 done everything wrong.  forgive me, please, commissioner.  please.  i would
 be much happier.  if you forgave me.  for killing the pterodactyl who tried
 to kill me and die die die like the die die die six!  if i get a five it's a
 large straight, baby, a large strait separating two land masses.  like
 magellan.  he was a land mass, ooh baby.  why do we celebrate a dead guy?
 yeah.  flumphf.  i guess i'm supposed to take everything to the capital,
 where the men in coats await.  i think i'll pass for now.  maybe next time.

        moral: YOU MUST MEET THE DISCORDIAN AT THE RIVER AND GET THE COW.

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "A Simmons Carol"
 by -- Sweeney Erect

	The two greatest sources of evil throughout history have almost
 certainly been mob sentiment and women.  Some very strong men have been able
 to overcome one or the other of these guiles and have thus established
 themselves as heroes.  The ability to overcome *both* these bedazzling pits
 of ruin is probably what demarcates men from gods.  Enter, Julian Simmons.

	Christmas was approaching.  Snow was falling, what remained of the
 yuppies were spending beyond their means, poor children were starving and
 pining away for gifts provided by not for profit organizations hitting up
 the more affluent for tax deductible donations -- in short, all the factors
 that made an American Christmas an American Christmas were aligned.

        Julian Simmons was reclining on his couch with an attractive woman,
 not in itself an unusual event.  The conversation they were having, however,
 *was* a wonder to behold.

	"I have to go out of town for awhile" she said.

	"Oh, I'll miss you terribly.  When will you be back?"

	"I'll be back on Christmas Eve, maybe we can have dinner then."

        "Absolutely... I'll make reservations at Chez Hubris."

	"My god, on such short notice you can get in at Hubris?"

	"Eh," said Julian modestly, "I have a few connections there."

	They kissed lightly.  "You know," Julian began, "you have really
 helped me to see the error of my old life.  I mean, universal love for all
 of my fellow humans is so liberating."

	"Don't forget the non-humans."

        "Oh yes, how could I be so silly.  The animals, too."

	"And the plants?"

        Julian smiled.  "Yes, the plants, too.  I love all that exists."

	The past week had been a new experience for Julian.  Jen had truly
 swept him off his feet, changed his paradigm of thought.  He was now buying
 into concepts such as universal love, charity and brotherhood.  He found
 himself wanting to spend the rest of his life with her.

        His doorbell rang.  There was a man collecting money to give to kids
 in the inner city to make their Christmas merrier.

        "The same kids who would as soon shoot me as look at me?" said
 Julian.

        "Well, er, if they had Christmas presents maybe they wouldn't be
 so jaded."

	Jen squeezed Julian's hand.  "Makes sense to me," he said.  And he
 made a large donation via his Gold Card.  He briefly reflected the amount
 he had used his Gold Card to buy things for people who weren't him in the
 past week, and then pushed the selfish thoughts from his mind.

        That night, after Jen left, Julian sat around moping and longing for
 her.  It was then that he heard chains rattle behind him.  He turned around,
 and there stood a spectral apparition of his old friend Aleister Kidridge.

	"Jooooolian....." said the ghost.

        "Aleister, why are you here?  And why are you a ghost?  you're not
 dead."

        "Well yes... you see I do a little consulting and some light sales
 work for the Prince of Darkness in my spare time -- part of an agreement we
 have.  And when I work for him, I become a spectre."

	"You work for Satan?"

        "Well, somebody had to get me through the junk bond crisis in '88."

        "Ahhh.... I always wondered how you didn't get indicted.  Anyway,
 what are you doing here?"

        "Julian, you must mend your ways before it is too late."

        "Mend what ways?  I love everybody, give money to charity, don't eat
 meat excessively, recycle and haven't pissed in anything other than a toilet
 in six days.  I am one of the best human beings alive."

        "Julian, you're a fucking pansy now.  Snap out of it man... this
 bitch is ruining you."

        Julian sighed.  "But universal love is so liberating... far better
 than being an asshole.  You ought to try it."

	"I am here to show you the error of your ways."

        "Oh lord, what are you going to do?  Take me through my past and show
 me all the times before I became so jaded how I was taken advantage of?"

	"The thought didn't even cross my mind."

        "Then you are going to show me the stories of other men who have been
 'brought down' by women?  Beginning with Trump and ending with Marv Albert?"

	"Nope."

	"Then what?"

        "I am going to show you exactly how you look when you are with Jen.
 Watch your television screen."

        For the next half an hour Julian saw himself and Jen on the screen,
 doing every disgustingly cute thing they had done together -- when it got to
 the part where they rubbed noses and Julian told her she was "soft and
 yummy" (and clearly meant it) he screamed "No more!!!! Go away!!!!!"

        "Joooolian... I will leave you now.  Your fate is in your hands."

	"Are we still on for racquetball tomorrow?"

	"Sure thing, chief."

        A few days later Julian and Jen are dining at Chez Hubris.  She has
 had foie gras, Beef Wellington and Baked Alaska.  He has had escargot, filet
 mignon and a yummy custard pie.  He looks into her eyes and says, "Well,
 it's been fun.  I'll see ya around."  He gets up and walks off -- for a
 moment she is too baffled to do anything.  Then she realizes he has left her
 with the bill and she gets up to run after him -- however he is already out
 the door.  The head waiter, a surprisingly strong little man, grabs her as
 Chez Hubris is not fond of people who skip out without payment.  She
 explains that she has no cash on her and her credit card is maxed out, and
 he begins taking her to task for being a dead beat in front of the entire
 restaurant.  She bursts into tears.

	Meanwhile, Julian walks down the street with a song in his heart.
 He calls his credit card company via cell phone to inform them that a man
 has stolen his card and any out of the ordinary expenditures of late should
 be cancelled as completely as possible, and the woman on the line mentions
 they had been holding on to rather a large donation to a charity which
 seemed quite unlike his normal pattern of spending.

	There is a pretty young woman ringing a bell and begging for money
 for the Salvation Army.  "Can't you reach into your pocket and give us a
 little something, sir?"  She looks imploringly at him.

        "Oh, I've got quite a big something for you," he says, "but it isn't
 in my pocket."

	A few minutes later they are heading off together toward Julian's
 apartment.  On the way out he reaches into the pot of donations and pulls
 out a twenty.  "For a taxi," he explains to her with a wink.

        And that is how Julian Simmons fought off both the Christmas spirit
 and the guiles of a woman to remain the epitome of a modern hero -- perhaps
 even a God of some sort.  Or at least the best we've got.

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "Flying Teapot"
 by -- Ashtray Heart

 FOSTERING TURPITUDE: A secular guide to pluralistic sexual morality for the
                      millennium.

        Excerpts from this work in process are provided for under the
 provisions of the Nonexistent Fair Use Act of 1997 and have been fully
 registered with the Taliban.  Future rights to redeem this work for Green
 Stamps reside with the author.  Cash value; 1/100 of a cent.

 UPDATED AND CORRECTED IN THIS EDITION:

 * The estate of William S. Burroughs, in association with Nike, Inc.,
   revoked our right to display an excerpt of "Naked Lunch" as "an example of
   the kind of antisocial filth which causes our youth to skateboard after
   dark."  An excerpt from Garrison Keillor's latest novel, _Wobegon Boy_,
   has been substituted.

 * A photograph of a plantain being used to model the proper technique for
   putting on a condom was improperly labelled as "a banana."  We regret the
   error.

 * Due to a typographical error, "masturbation" was erroneously described as
   "fish paste."

 * Following a preliminary legal injunction, language referring to Andrea
   Dworkin as a "neo-puritanical psychotic bitch" has been changed to
   describe her instead as a "harridan."  We have it on good authority that
   Ms. Dworkin believes "harridan" is a type of fish paste.

 * The chapter on "Post-Modern Sexuality" was discovered to have been
   plagiarized in its entirety from an issue of the comic book "Magnus: Robot
   Fighter" (original 1960's run).  We are holding David Foster Wallace's
   bandanna prisoner until a usable revision appears.

 * A new chapter, "Cybersex," has been added, authored by Martin Rimm.

 * All references to shellfish have been suspended indefinitely.

 * The section on "hand-jobs" (last revision 1954) apparently made frequent
   use of the word "nigger."  That chapter has been removed upon ascertaining
   that nobody bothers with "hand-jobs" anymore.

 ---

 MASTURBATION: NOT JUST FOR TEENAGERS AND AUTHORS!

        Quick quiz: What do the following people have in common?

        1) Vice President Al Gore
        2) Garrison Keillor
        3) Donna Rice
        4) Your Mother

        That's right!  They all masturbate!  While masturbation is typically
 associated with sexually frustrated teenagers like Andrew Kissel and
 world-famous authors like Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., nearly everybody
 masturbates -- even sanctimonious and condescending hypocrites who lobbied
 to get Dr. Jocelyn Elders fired (1)!

        However, as you can see from these pictures (2) (ed. note -- pictures
 not included in online version -- thank God!), they go about it in
 surprisingly different ways.  Vice President Al Gore peels away a layer of
 space-age plastics that generally renders his crotch as smooth and hairless
 as a Ken doll's.  Garrison Keillor looks at naked pictures of small boys.
 Donna Rice sticks a carrot into her vulva.  And the less said about your
 mother the better.

        1 -- Notable exceptions are some of the elder United States
               senators, such as Sen. Jesse Helms (R-NC), who can no longer
               "get it up."  Sen. Helms is also noted for his unusually small
               penis.

        2 -- Special thanks to our friend Vinnie for obtaining these
             photographs.

 ---

 END EXCERPT:

        Special Bonus!  While I was looking through my files, I discovered a
 fragment of the legendary "TRIAL OF DOLEMITE" saga.  This was authored by
 Bill Lynch (elsantodelsol@hotmail.com), and would make an excellent addition
 to your files.  Please excuse any dodgy syntax; Bill's dyslexic.

        Once again the camera fades into the courtroom of Shannon Fullun, but
 this time Probe Ultra and Dolemite are in orange jumpsuits and handcuffs.
 Conspicuous by his absence is The Hamburger Pimp, who fought his way out
 last time.

 Judge:  Right now I am issuing the warrant for the Hamburger Pimp, may this
         be a lesson to you two, you can't run from the law.  And I am
         offering the maximum bond, $20,000!  Any takers?
 Man from crowd: Just one, madam.  I, Lord Chumsly, the last of the great
                 white hunters, will apprehend this ruffian.  I have been all
                 around the earth and hunted everything, everything but the
                 Black Urban Drug-user.  I will not do this for profit but
                 sport.  [ Produces a trumpet from his coat. ]  Release the
                 hounds.  [ Blows the horn. ]  The hunt is on!

 Judge: Yes, well, moving on, Mr. Ultra, I believe you have the floor.
 Probe: Yes Ma'am, I'd like to call El Santo to the stand.

        [ Just then, salsa music comes on from nowhere, throngs of Hispanic
 couples begin dancing and cheering.  El Santo is decked out in a silver cape
 as well as his usual ring attire.  The Judge calls for order. ]

 Bailiff: Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but
          the truth, so help you God?
 El Santo: Viva La Rassa!
 Bailiff: Excuse me?
 Probe:  El Santo only speaks Konnan, your Honor, I'll serve as translator.
 Judge: It is against my better judgment, but OK.
 Probe:  Mr. El Santo, what is your relation to Mr. Moore?
 El Santo: Shikate Puntos, Rey Misterio Jr.  I fucked your sister.
 Probe: He said a friend.
 Judge: No, I heard him say he fucked someone's sister.
 El Santo: Viva Larrasa, el loco pierro, grande sesta, loco ocho.
 Judge: What did he say?
 Probe: I have no clue.  El Santo, I have a question for you.  What would you
        say about a man who raises the dead?
 El Santo: Vampiro!
 Probe: And what would you do if you found this person?
 El Santo: Viva La Rassa!  I'd fuck his mother, then I'd cut of his arms, and
           shove it up his ass.
 Probe: And what would you do if I told you the Stoners were doing just that?
 El Santo: Cabrones!  [ With that, El Santo jumps to his feet and runs out
           the door. ]
 Probe: No further questions.
 Judge: Due to the fact that El Santo cannot be cross examined and what has
        just transpired makes no sense, the last few lines of the record
        should be disregarded.
 Probe: I call Dolemite to the stand.

        [ Dolemite is sworn in and takes the stand. ]

 Probe: Mr. Moore, what were you doing on the night of the 14th of this
        month?
 Dolomite: I was pimpin' my hoes.
 Judge: Mr. Moore, are you aware you have just confessed to a more serious
        crime?
 Probe: But you got no evidence.
 Judge: There is the small matter of the tape.
 Dolemite: In that case I was making a movie.
 Judge: Very well.  Jurors, you may leave.
 Dolemite: Where the fuck they going?
 Judge: Home, Dolemite, you have just confessed to the crime you are charged
        with and since you did not cut a deal, I sentence you to 18 months in
        Attica.  Rusty, take them away.
 Dolemite: What the fuck happened to "Vote for me I'll set you free," huh
           motherfucker?  It can't end like this, no, noooooooooooo!  18
           months without sex!
 Judge: There is always gay sex, I'll set you up with one of those prison
        bitches.
 Dolemite: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!

        [ Fades to black. ]

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(
                                 - FICTION -
 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "Japan My Ass"
 by -- Puck

        I know this guy Radish who always teaches me Russian card games.  He
 knows tons of them.  They're all pretty similar to Go Fish.  Or at least
 they all pretty much turn into Go Fish.  He gets real frustrated with me
 because I'm such a slow learner so he keeps changing the rules until I
 understand.

	Anyway, I found out from another friend of mine that Radish has never
 even been to Russia.  He just made all of those games up.  Even the names.
 But how would I know, right?  Like I know Russian?

	There are four types of people in this world.  Number ones, those
 who've been to Japan and speak Japanese.  Number twos, those who've been to
 Japan and don't speak Japanese.  Number threes, those who've never been to
 Japan, but speak Japanese, and number fours, those who've never been to
 Japan and don't speak Japanese.  I'm a number four.  I've lived in Evanston,
 Illinois, all my life, and I've never had a reason to learn Japanese.  I
 doubt I could if I wanted to, anyway.  I'm a slow learner.  But I already
 told you that.  Right.  So anyway, Radish was the guy who told me the thing
 about the four types of people, too.  Radish says he's a number one, but now
 I think he's full of shit after what I heard about him and Russia.  Japan my
 ass.

	So Radish and I were walking down the Davis street alley fishing
 aluminum cans out of the dumpsters behind all of the shops around two in the
 morning when suddenly this Asian guy lunges at us with a knife and tells us
 to give him all of our money.  Radish starts reasoning with the guy, and I
 just shut my mouth because the last thing I want is any trouble.  A good
 part of being slow is that you don't have to talk much and because of that
 you can keep relatively safe on the streets.

	"What, are you stupid?  We're out here picking cans out of dumpsters.
 You think we've got money?"

        "Say something in Japanese to the guy, Radish," I say, thinking I
 found a way out.  Radish just gives me this real mean stare.  Meanwhile the
 Asian guy is getting all pissed off and he starts shouting.  Radish pulls a
 gun out of his pocket, and before I know it, bang.  He shoots him right
 between the eyes.  Which blows me the fuck away, right?  Because the last
 thing I'm expecting is to see Radish shoot this guy in the middle of the
 alley.  We probably could have gotten the guy to leave us alone.  I doubt he
 even knew how to use that knife.  But Damn.  Radish just blows this guy
 away, doesn't give him a chance to try.

	I just stand there all dumb for a while.  I keep waiting for words to
 pop into my head, but the only thing that I can think of are these song
 lyrics by King Missile.  "Love is not ugly, like rats in a puddle of vomit."
 I have no clue why those pop into my head, unless you count the puddle of
 blood laying a few feet in front of me.  This is the first time I'm watching
 actual blood flow from someone's actual brain, so I'm a little dumbfounded.
 I'm just standing there, staring at this dead Asian guy whose corpse is
 staring right at Radish's crazy ass.

        "Radish, what the fuck?"  I finally say.

	"Run," is all he says.

        And then about a minute later, "NOW."  So I do.  I run down the alley
 and back to my sister's apartment.  The whole time I'm wondering what Radish
 is gonna do.  He lives on the streets, and he's pretty recognizable.  If
 anyone saw him, he's bound to get taken in.  I'm pretty sure there aren't
 very many other blue-haired homeless people walking around the streets of
 Evanston.

        I knock on my sister's door.  After a few minutes, she finally
 answers.  She'd been sleeping, I can tell because her hair is all matted
 down on one side.  She's wearing her blue bathrobe, but that doesn't mean
 much because that's all she ever wears.  She only leaves the house to go
 shopping.

	"You were sleeping?"

	"Yeah, they took my phone line down.  You need to stay here tonight?"

        "If it's O.K.  I can't be on the streets tonight.  They took your
 phone line down?  When?"

        "Last night.  It sucked.  I was right in the middle of a call.  It
 was a good one, too.  A fetish one.  The guy wanted me to speak Japanese to
 him."

        My sister's a number three.  When she was eleven, she used to
 smoke pot with the landlord of our apartment.  He was from Japan, and taught
 her Japanese when they were stoned.  "It's real easy to learn languages when
 you're stoned," she told me once.  She was always way smarter than me.

        "So where's your blue-haired friend?"

	"I don't know.  I hope he found a way to get off the streets.  We got
 into some trouble tonight."

	"What kind of trouble?"

	"Got any food?  I'm starving."  I start filing through her cabinets,
 but all I can find are a few dirty dishes and a box of Rice Krispies.

	"I'm going back to bed.  Tomorrow I'm going to Ameritech to see if I
 can get my line back on.  You can sleep on the floor in the living room."
 She tightens her robe and walks back into her bedroom.  My sister and I
 usually look out for each other.  When she was eighteen and I was twelve, my
 parents just up and left the apartment, leaving me in her care.
 Unfortunately, they also left her with the rent, which she couldn't pay.
 About a year later, we moved out onto the streets.  That's when I met
 Radish.  He knew a guy who could set my sister up in a tiny shitty apartment
 for taking phone sex calls.  I told her to go for it, I would fend for
 myself.  Once in a while I'll go spend a night over on her floor, when I
 don't feel like sleeping on a bench, but I usually keep to myself.  She
 tries slipping me a few bucks every time I stay over there, but I always
 leave the money on her bed before I take off.

	So anyway, I fall asleep on her floor, and when I wake up, at about
 noon, she's already gone.  She never put shades on her windows, so my eyes
 sting like hell from all of the light pouring in.  I use her bathroom, leave
 a note on her kitchen table, and walk outside.  Just because I'm curious, I
 walk back to the alley behind Davis Street to see if there's a body or what.
 I'm a slow learner, but that doesn't mean my curiosity isn't hot.  I try to
 walk by all casual and stuff.  I finally get to the spot and there's nothing
 there.  No blood, no body, no chalk line, no cops.  As if it never happened.
 I shake it off and decide to pretend that it didn't.  Walking the streets, I
 keep asking around, but nobody's seen or heard from Radish.

	When my parents left, my life took a turn for the better.  My sister
 and I had the shit beat out of us on a daily basis.  I'm pretty sure my
 sister got the worst of it.  My dad was a sick fucker.  They left because
 they were tired of worrying about us.  They were tired of spending money on
 our food, tired of dealing with school stuff.  I had come back from school
 that day and found my sister singing in the living room.  She never told me
 what they said when they left.  Her right eye was bruised and she was
 limping on her left foot, but I'll be damned if she wasn't smiling.  Smiling
 like I've never seen her smile before.  And she was singing so loud.  It was
 like she had gone mad.  That day was the last day I ever went to school.

        So now my mind's set on Radish.  The two people who gave birth to me
 up and disappeared twelve years ago, and not once have I given any thought
 as to where they might be.  But a pathological liar with blue hair who's
 been missing for a day is driving my mind absolutely mad.  And it's not like
 Radish is even the greatest friend in the world.  He only hangs around me
 because I'm dumb and I make him feel smart.  But he's crazy sometimes.  I'm
 banned from any public library that's in walking distance from my sister's
 apartment because of the crazy shit he'll pull when I'm with him.

        Anyway I'm walking down Central street, now, and a car drives by, and
 I swear to god I hear the words "Love is not ugly, like rats in a puddle of
 vomit" coming out of its radio.

	And then I start to wonder about this Asian guy's family.  Whether
 maybe his parents are sick fucks like mine were, and that maybe it's a good
 thing Radish relieved him of his brain matter.  I don't know.  I'm not a
 smart guy.  My mind wasn't built to contemplate stuff like this.  I've got
 three-fifty in the pocket of my jeans that I made last week chalking the
 sidewalk.  That's one thing I do when I'm real hard up for cash.  I go over
 to my sister's and get my chalks and take them downtown and draw pictures on
 the sidewalks.  I guess that's the one thing God made me any good at,
 because people keep throwing dollars and change at me for doing it.  I made
 twenty-seven dollars in three hours last week, just drawing a picture of
 John Wayne from memory.  I bought some food with some of it, kept
 three-fifty, and left the rest at my Sister's place.  I take my three-fifty
 over to Gigio's to buy a slice of pizza. I figure the owner will cheer me
 up.  He's got this crazy complex that always makes me laugh.  Radish told me
 about it.  See, you know how it is when someone's talking to you and they've
 got a piece of spinach or something stuck in their teeth, and after a while
 you don't even hear what they're saying anymore because they look so stupid?
 Well supposedly this guy was on the receiving end of that one time when he
 was a kid, and ever since he's been obsessed with keeping his teeth totally
 clean.  He'll spend like an hour each morning, an hour after lunch, and an
 hour after dinner scrubbing his teeth.  As a failsafe, he always clenches
 his lips together real tightly when he talks so it always looks like he's
 doing a ventriloquist act.

        "Hey, Gerbil, how's it going?"  He calls to me from behind the
 counter.

        "Lemme get a slice of cheese, ok?"  I smile at him real big.  "You
 seen Radish lately?"

        "Your little blue-haired friend?  Yeh, I seen him in here about a
 week ago.  He was with you."

        "Have you seen him since yesterday?"  He hands me my pizza on a
 greasy paper plate and I hand him two bucks.

	"Nope."  I stand in front of him for a few minutes, waiting for the
 pizza to cool.

	"Hey, Frank, have you ever been to Japan?"

	"Nope.  Can't say that I have."

	"Speak Japanese?"

	"Nope.  Why?"

	"Just wondering."  Frank's a number four, like me.  I could tell. 
 Hanging out with Radish has given me this acute perception.  I can always
 tell what kind of person someone is.  That's why I'm pretty sure that Radish
 is bullshitting when he calls himself a one.  But shit.

        "Hey Gerbil, when are you going to get your ass off the streets and
 get a real job?  A smart kid like you should be able to make something of
 himself."

	"I'm not so smart, Frank.  I just am what I am."

	"Gerbil, Gerbil, Gerbil.  You've been told that you were an idiot for
 so long you're starting to believe it.  There's nothing dumb about you, kid,
 except for the fact that you won't get a job."  Frank gives me that speech
 every time I come in here, and every time I have to tell him how my head
 starts to hurt when I think too hard, and about how my breathing gets heavy,
 but I'm tired of telling him the same story every time so I take my pizza
 and leave.

        Three weeks go by and I still hear nothing about Radish.  I'm
 collecting cans back in the Davis Street alley again, I figure if nothing's
 gone down after this long, there's no reason not to.  I pass a
 forty-year-old man on a pay phone, an obvious number one.

        "Can you talk dirty to me in Japanese?"  I hear him say into the
 phone.  I figure my sister got her phone line back up, and I sort of smile
 for her.  I haven't seen her since the night Radish disappeared, so I start
 heading towards her apartment.  She answers her door in the bathrobe.

        "So you're back in business?"

        "Yeah, how'd you know?"

        "I pick things up.  I'm pretty observant when I want to be."

        "Jeez, Gerbil, I've been hoping you would show up.  A postcard came
 for you.  It got here a week ago."  She walks into the kitchen to grab the
 postcard off of the counter.

	"Hey.  I've been kind of thinking about stuff.  Can you teach me some
 of that Japanese?"

	"No.  It'd be a pain in the ass."

        "Oh come on.  I want to be a number three," I say.  She just looks
 down at me and sneers.

	"Shut up with that stuff.  You pick up the weirdest shit from your
 friends on the street.  Gerbil, you're an idiot.  Stop buying these useless,
 ridiculous things Radish tells you.  If you're gonna be a number three, be a
 number three with a fucking job, Gerbil."  Her business line rings, and she
 presses the postcard into my hand.  "Get out of here and do something
 useful."

	So I walk out of her apartment and back on to the street and start
 thinking about the look she was giving me and I start to think that maybe
 King Missile was wrong, that maybe Love is ugly.  And then I start thinking
 that maybe Radish is all wrong.  Maybe there are more than four people.
 Maybe there are number fours who are loved, and number fours who aren't
 loved.  That would make one more group.  Fives.  And maybe numbers one, two,
 and three can be divided in the same way.  That would make eight groups
 total.  And then my head starts to hurt thinking about all of these groups,
 and I start to think about god, and which group he'd be in, and I start
 wondering what would happen if you were in a plane flying over Japan, does
 that mean you've been to Japan?  Or what about a boat, floating in a lake in
 Japan?  My head really starts getting sore.  My breathing gets heavy, and
 I'm standing there, and I finally realize I'm in one of my episodes, and
 there are like five people standing there just watching me pant and shake
 and spaz out.  And I start screaming and fling myself against a building and
 fall to the floor where I crawl up in a ball.  My breathing slows down.  I
 stop twitching.  The people go on their way.

	I remember the postcard, and I un-crumple it.  It's from Radish.  The
 postmark is from Osaka, Japan, and half of it is written in what I guess are
 Japanese letters.  The other half is in English, and it's in parentheses.
 It says, "You can hear the trees singing when the voices stop."  It's signed
 Radish in big green letters, and he gives no return address.  I read it
 again, slowly, to see if I missed anything.  I read it a third time.  I tear
 it up and throw it on the ground.  It makes no sense.  Radish makes
 absolutely zero sense.  I don't understand the guy, I'll never understand
 the guy.  And I'll never hear the trees singing, because the voices never
 stop, they just keep on talking about this and that and ultimately nothing
 at all.

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "we enjoy it"
 by -- sweeney erect

        penelope v. syed and jennifer peeterman did not, technically, murder
 bert rust.  in fact, if they were to blame for his death at all (and a case
 could be made that they were) it was not entirely their fault.  it was the
 environment in which they grew up.  the two girls were over privileged, two
 more stupid rich girls.

        penny and jenny were college freshman, pretty and between boyfriends.
 they were into female bonding, often speculating as to whether people
 thought they were lesbians.  the possibility that people seldom thought of
 them at all never occurred to them.

        one night they decided to go out to the country and smoke some weed.
 now some activities need to be undertaken with a healthy dose of ennui.
 going to the bathroom is one such activity (my dad used to say "never trust
 a man who is openly enthusiastic over his excretory functions."), and
 getting high in the country is another.  it is best done with an attitude of
 "there is nothing to do.  let's go out to the country and get high on cheap
 weed.  again."  followed by a resolution to "get the hell out of here,
 someplace where there is something to do".

        jenny and penny, however, treated it as an adventure.  they treated
 buying the pot as an adventure (and penny got the dealer's phone number).
 they treated driving out to the woods as an adventure.  packing the bowl, an
 adventure.  but they never got round to getting high...

	it was about midnight and they were just ready to begin when they
 heard cows making agonized sounds.  they ran to a nearby field, expecting to
 see local high school boys trying to tip the cows (some of their rural
 acquaintances at school had told them these things happened).  instead, they
 found aliens mutilating the cows.

        the aliens were small, greenish, with huge heads and big eyes.  they
 were ripping the cows asunder using laser guns.  "my god, like, why are you
 doing that?" said jenny.  penny was throwing up.

        one of the aliens looked up and said "we enjoy it."

        it was something in the way his eyes gleamed when he said it,
 something in the way he smiled, that touched the girls.  they had been in
 and out of many many beds that year, and had never experienced anything so
 profoundly sexual as seeing that alien be that happy doing what he felt.

	the two of them drove back to town and got a room at a nice hotel,
 turned up MTV really loudly and danced around.  the simplicity of the alien
 seemed contagious as they felt truly liberated, dancing into an ecstatic
 trance, finally ending up out in the hallway.

	and so in the hallway of the renaissance west bertrand rust iii, a
 brilliant stock broker by way of choate and princeton and the wharton
 school, came upon jenny peeterman dancing in a trance with a do not disturb
 sign hanging from her ear.  "what the hell are you doing?!"

        "dude, i'm doing what i want," she said with such a simple smile it
 was contagious.  and so bert rust found himself skipping down a street
 singing songs from into the woods as loud as he could, happy as a clam, free
 at last.

        a failed musical actor begging for change on a corner heard him and
 snapped, beating bert to death and taking his rolex and money.  and the
 beggar was happy too, then.

        and all shall be well and all manner of things shall be well forever
 and ever.  amen.

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "The Lowdown on Ease and Serenity with a Woman at a River"
 by -- D. McDaniel
	
        Image: It is Annie and we are at the river.  Actually, high above the
 river and hunkered on a boulder amid scattered underbrush.  From our
 pinnacle it is an easy jump to the water, maybe 30 or 40 feet out over the
 course of a 100-foot fall.  Simple physics, child's play.  I figure I can
 make the leap and achieve splashdown in 2 to 3 seconds tops, but the
 question of survival must be considered; and then there is the instant stone
 cold reality of knifing down into the water, curl and kick off the bottom
 and break back to the surface, alive and jubilant, and realizing that the
 beer is in the ice chest in the car, up the mountain and through the woods,
 2 to 3 hours tops.

        I am a child of the Texas hill country and cliff-diving was a staple,
 a standard brand issue normal occurrence of life that no one really
 questioned at the time.  You were young and you were male and you dove off
 of cliffs.  My heart was full of daring in those days, and it was a simple,
 innocent daring that required no explanations, no logic.  It was rash and
 totally uncalled for and it was completely valid just the same.  Pondering
 back from my sage thirties, it is easy to categorize, to analyze and form
 theories, to expound on the basic premise of teenage mutant ninja cliff
 diving.  There is the thrill, of course, and the sense of athletic
 achievement, but this does not adequately explain the necessity to perform
 in public (one does not dive off of cliffs in private, you see).

        It boils down to a neat mathematical function, believe it or not, of
 penile rigidity, or in layman's terms, the old Hard Dick Theory.  I dove
 from cliffs because there was the promise of yet another erection in my
 cutoffs and there were nubile females in the general vicinity.  Just the
 thought of someone with a vagina watching me hurtling through the air with a
 stiff weenie was sufficient impetus, and it sent me scuttling back up the
 rocks time after time.  Virile sex-maddened young studs will do the most
 outlandish and idiotic things in the name of snatch... but this is a weird
 tang and I must converge, pull the team back around or risk a breakaway.

        Let me see now... ah yes, Annie and I on the rock, and I am playing
 with the idea of a bull macho leap down to the river.  But only playing with
 the idea, and that is sufficient.  The act is already complete in my mind
 and requires no action.  Fifteen years ago I would have done the deed in an
 instant, beating my chest and bellowing like an elk in rut and ogling
 Annie's crotch all the way down, but time and a semblance of wisdom have
 prevailed.  I can ogle Annie's crotch at leisure, the beer is close at hand,
 and we can forego the possibility of creating some kind of mangled 911
 situation on the river bank.  But this is still not the point... I keep
 backing up and aiming, and invariably I fly off on some unexpected and
 perverse angle.  Excuse me for a moment (cliff dive, snatch, erection,
 crotch, cliff dive, snatch, erection, crotch...).  There, I feel much
 better.  The head is clear and I can grapple mano a mano with The Point.
 The point, the point, yes... the elusive point, and here I go.

        The point is that I'm with Annie, crotch and all, in a broken
 wilderness high above a river, and I am able to concentrate, to dwell, as it
 were, on the intellectual ramifications here; the dynamics of interpersonal
 relationships and other assorted new-age muck.  The primal urges for beer
 and pussy are momentarily at peace (both items seem to be in reasonably
 close proximity), and the mind is free to engage in some higher functioning;
 some blatant frontal lobe activity, and the first thing that jumps out at
 me, while in this highly enlightened and receptive level of consciousness,
 is the incredible sense of ease and serenity beaming off of Annie.

        Big deal, you say, and under normal circumstances, it really is not
 that odd to catch someone being serene and at ease.  Harder than it used to
 be, perhaps, but still fairly common in some circles.  But, just as a mental
 exercise, let us round up all the people we come into contact with on a
 daily basis who can still mf some weird outback boondocks.  I'm willing to
 bet heavily that the fragile "ease and serenity" quotient would take a
 severe geometrically regressive beating when confronted by the sudden
 brutish appearance of the "wilderness" factor.

        And I'm taking a long and tortured path in pursuit of a point, but I
 can't really see any shortcuts from here, and, in my opinion, the point, if
 it exists at all, is worthy of a small dose of belaborment.  The whole
 concept of mankind in general, from the first crude hand-held rock to the
 latest innovations in Tupperware, has been one of conquest over Nature.
 There are a few scattered peoples throughout history that attempted a
 symbiotic relationship with the planet, but these are the foolish exception,
 and we all know that the naive bastards hit the extinction trail early on.
 They were the Maintainers and they were no match for the Takers and the
 Stompers.  They were routed in quick and easy fashion because all they
 wanted to do was maintain; they had no desire to take or stomp.

        Being a man means beating Nature into submission for your own
 comfort.  We are victims of a not-so-divine God-complex, and we rip the soil
 up in great handfuls and we fashion the mud in our own image and on the
 seventh day we kick back with pizza, beer and the NFL and call it good.

        For the vast majority of us, ease and serenity depends on how well we
 can craft our environment, our personal domain.  There is an ant-like
 quality to our toil, and we spend a large part of our lifetime erecting
 barriers between ourselves and Nature, filling the fortress with creature
 comforts and taking care to avoid the elements; and in this manner a fragile
 sense of ease and serenity can be established, but it is entirely dependent
 on how well we patrol the castle walls.  Which is not in itself a bad thing,
 and  I'm sure most people will take ease and serenity any way it comes and
 not worry about the required up-keep.

        But the downside is that ease and serenity of this brand is not
 portable.  It rests uneasily on a web of there's-no-way-in-hell-we-can-
 dismantle-the-damn-thing-and-haul-it-with-us-into-the-jungle.  Even if it
 were possible, it would be a monumental investment of time, effort and
 money, and most people who do achieve some wispy sense of ease and serenity
 are perfectly content to avoid the jungle and not take the risk of
 collapsing a familiar and relatively stable old structure.

        And this is beginning to sound like an ethereal rant;
 caffeine-induced hogwash, philosophical masturbation; and maybe it is, but
 the next time you're out in some virgin landscape (and I don't mean the
 souvenir shop or the hike and bike trail or even the picnic area), try a
 little covert sociological people-watching.  To an intent observer the
 effects are immediately noticeable; a variety of symptoms will manifest
 themselves right before your eyes, and some very strange transformations
 will take place.

        The average homo-sapien who mistakenly lands himself in an
 unexpectedly  primitive setting will instantly recoil from the evidence of
 eons; overt signs  of massive upheaval and fantastic movement, inconceivable
 power within infinite space.  He will shrink back within himself, skulking
 like a kicked dog, in a vain attempt to avoid the weight of his awe,
 enveloped in a catatonic horror, paralytic rabbit terror... and then after a
 while the parasympathetic nervous system will gear back up--the heart will
 return to an even, regular rhythm and the breathing will come a bit easier,
 and he will either run screaming or begin construction, taking and stomping
 in the fine tradition of our pioneer forefathers.

        Of course, everyone has a comfort zone and they are all different.
 On one end is the junior executive who gets nervous at the thought of an
 unsupervised philodendron in the apartment; tends to avoid the atrium at
 work and is not entirely comfortable with the realization that his garden
 salad might have been grown in actual dirt.  Animal life to him is something
 best confined to zoos and discos, and the downtown bank building is just
 about all there who sucks breakfast right off the vine (or straight from the
 vein, for that matter), gets cramped at the sight of an airplane and doesn't
 mind the occasional varmint sleeping over as long as it stays out of the
 sugar stash.

        And in the middle is the former Boy Scout who drags the family out
 once or twice a year to "rough it".  They arrive at their designated camping
 spot; Mom and the kids wait in the station wagon while Dad leaps out bravely
 to hose the general area with a high-powered insect repellent.  The rest of
 the clan then emerges and sets about flailing down any random free-standing
 plant life.  Pop up the camper and plug that baby in so we can nuke the
 shish kabobs, etc... and I have an almost irresistible yen to keep hammering
 on these folks, but it is just a little too easy and, every now and then,
 just a little too close to home.

        The roundabout point to this whole jabbering rampage is that Annie
 was genuinely serene and at ease on a rock high above a river in a broken
 wilderness amid scattered underbrush, and I think that the actual import of
 her gracely state would have just slipped by had I not expounded, and
 therefore I claim that the rant was justified.  At precisely the moment when
 most people hit shrivel mode, she opened up like an orchid and embraced the
 naked Creation and I was present and in the right frame of mind and I got to
 witness the ancient rite of communion between Life and the Life Force and it
 was high and mighty like no sniveling church-bound communion could ever hope
 to be and my presence had no real bearing at all.  Annie had reached out and
 become one with The Land, and even the slim outside chance of some freak
 (who, incidentally, had the car keys) taking a suicide plunge in the general
 direction of the water didn't matter.  So I popped a beer and snuck another
 furtive peek at her crotch.

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "A Living Hell"
 by -- Squinky

        To see the cross was to know God.  It glittered so.  Jokanaan
 brandished the cross almost as a weapon.  The shining crucifix made only of
 wood: a legend in his town.  Jokanaan was himself a legend and everyone knew
 him as the holy man.  His shrill voice screaming out the Epistles of Paul
 ran through the streets and alleyways like cats prowling for something to
 eat.

        Not even the harlequin would repent.  And to know the harlequin was
 to know the most capricious and foolhardy of men -- prithee, nuncle, a man
 who would join a passing parade even if he could never return back to the
 home for which he had worked the past ten years in the most disgusting and
 degrading positions: rolling on the ground, smelling like a burnt fish,
 screaming out senseless phrases, and making an ass of himself.  But the
 harlequin, he looked at Jokanaan, he listened, and he turned his nose up and
 walked off with a dignity possessed by no one else of his social status.
 Never before in the harlequin's entire life, a good thirty years, could a
 single instant with that dignity have been found. To say it would never
 surface again in the harlequin's life would not be saying anything of much
 import as the harlequin died six hours later.

        The plague.  It filled the town like a fog, but one invisible in the
 air yet visible in the faces of the dead, blackened and charred by the heat
 of their internal temperatures and bathing in the pools of their own
 liquefied insides.  The dead became piles of dog shit: noticed only to be
 avoided.  The bodies smelled much worse than dog shit.  The particular smell
 of rotting blood, so sweet and immediately afterwards so disgusting, was the
 absolute worst.  Even the smell of watermelon juice left to ripen in the
 sun, so perfectly sweet in the first millisecond and then so desperately
 sickening and mind wrenching, only gives a light shadow of the blood stench.
 The villagers, who quickly grew accustomed to such sights and smells, became
 proficient at avoiding direct eye contact with the dead and dying.

	"Girl," Jokanaan spoke in his grave voice to a young woman, maybe
 seventeen, one of the last ones to actually listen, "faith is the cure.  You
 know the plague besets you as do all around you; I can see the dark circles
 around your eyes.  Such nice eyes, pretty brown eyes, shame to watch them
 liquefy and boil all over your screaming face.  That's your face, and that's
 your fate.  All you've got to do, all you have to do, is believe.  Faith
 will keep you alive.

        "Look at me!  I'm the only one left who the plague hasn't caught."
 This is true.  Jokanaan would never catch the plague.  He had faith.  "I
 have faith in God!  Look at the cross.  See it burn so brightly that you
 must avert your eyes?  It burns... it burns like this because of my faith.
 The cross is not made of gold, the cross is not made of any metal.  The
 cross is made of base wood.  It burns because it is a reflection of the
 inner faith.  This is what keeps me alive.  Accept him, accept faith, and
 the plague will leave your temple, leave you to exist, leave you screaming
 beaming alive to life."

        The girl looked at the cross.  As she stared deeply into the cross it
 seemed almost a matrix of reality, a point in which everything she ever had
 been and ever would achieve blurred together into one gelatinous mass.  Her
 life became clear with the brightness and she saw the purest truth in the
 words of Jokanaan, she saw that she too, if only she had faith, would be
 able to live through the plague.  And finally, she saw the righteousness of
 God, and how pure and divine he was.  Christ crucified at Golgotha burned in
 her skull and at that very moment of his passing, "Eli, Eli, lama
 sabachthani?", she glimpsed her sins being washed away by this sacrificial
 lamb who loved her more than she could conceive of loving anything.  He
 loved her more deeply than any woman had ever been loved before.  She was
 not simply one of the masses, on of the billions of the gestalt that he
 loved as a group entity, but an individual whose existence painfully
 resonated in his skull.  No one had ever died for her before.  She doubted
 whether any would again.  Could any man ever die for any woman as he had
 died for her?  She doubted whether any would again.

	A shattered noise, the voice of a man, ripped her away from the
 burning crucifix.  "Ah, and what have we here?  Little rider of god,
 Jokanaan comes to save the soul of the prettiest girl in town."  Yuen Li
 looked Radiance up and down, examining every possible facet of her feminine
 composure, and added, "Well, the prettiest living girl. There was one who
 used to live in the house next to me.  I can not think of anything as
 astonishing to look upon as her.  Even your cross, Prophet, grew a little
 dimmer near her.  I spoke to her not once, but I watched her almost every
 day go down to the river and pick flowers.  She loved violets the most.  I
 tried picking some to put on her grave but they withered all when she died.

        "The plague caught her.  I stood outside her window at night and
 listened to her dying coughs.  As soon as I saw those treacherous circles
 around her eyes, blacker than sable night, I began a nightly vigil outside
 her bedroom.  I couldn't bear to look at her, so I crouched beneath the
 window and listened to the plague eat through her like a gigantic worm.

        "On the night she died, this girl gathered up her last strength to
 try and look at the river she loved one last time.  I heard her dragging her
 burning flesh through the room.  It sounded like the dull thumps of lead on
 the back of a man's skull.  Each step a universe of indivisible agony.  As
 the steps grew closer, so did the gurgling.  Almost like boiling water.  I
 realized that all within her then was coming to the surface.  And she lifted
 the shade of the window I crouched beneath, I silent as silence itself, and
 died.  She caught, I hope, I hope she did, a glimpse of the river, and
 expired.  And that's where I caught the plague.  She slumped over the open
 window and expunged her insides on me.  I looked up and saw her eyes ooze
 into my own.  The blackness rained down on me. And I began to die.

	"So look on at me and my dying hulk, mad prophet, and feel the
 greatest concern and worry about the status of my eternal salvation and my
 mortal body.  Rise above the mortal hate that we've shared for each other
 for the past twenty years and show us all your immortal blessedness with
 Christly concern and blinding love. Your pigfaced religion is worthless to
 me without her.  What good is life if there is nothing to celebrate?  And
 you, Girl-o'-the-Plague, listen deeply to him because surely a man so
 distinguished and loved by his God who gives him gifts of illuminated
 trinkets and false histrionics can not be wrong."

	Yuen Li left the Prophet and the Girl standing in the town square.
 He stumbled off, coughing the rattle of the plague, and went to his home
 where he rested and waited for the death coming.  Jokanaan looked at the
 girl and watched her, and wondered if she was moved by the story of Yuen Li
 or by his cross, which he observed her looking at with a deeper interest
 than anyone had, since the plague descended on the town.  The spark of
 reflection in her eyes, Jokanaan knew himself capable of saving her.  Until
 the damned idiot Yuen Li stumbled into the scene and upset the entire
 delicate balance of salvation and eternal life.

        The girl looked up at Jokanaan with raccoon eyes, and slowly said
 with almost perfect enunciation, "Prophet, dearest of men to God, I do
 believe.  I believe in God and I believe that he died for my sins and rose
 again on the third day just as I may rise out of sin and ascend, like him
 into the heavens, into redemption."

        Relief filled Jokanaan in all the places made empty by constant
 rejection and scorn -- Taunted, cursed, spit at, hated, he was, and all this
 malice carved him up like an apple leaving huge empty sections of blank
 emotion and constant consternation.

        Jokanaan considered the girl the very last one.  He saw how close he
 came, and the idea that the blasphemous prattle of Yuen Li might have
 disturbed the balanced scales of salvation hurt him.  And so, relief rushed
 in like gallons of flowing water -- cold to the touch, but refreshing on
 some deeper and baser level than he cared to reflect upon.

        "Girl, it's good to hear you.  The rest of the town is stupid and
 foolish and without faith.  That's what damns them to eternal hell even
 though they see so much faith giving evidence of Him around us.  But not
 you, no, you're the different one.  God loves those who move away from mass
 opinion into his arms."

        "That's where you're so wrong, Prophet.  And that's why you'll never
 save any of them, myself included."  His heart sank so low the earth's
 molten core engulfed it with a belch.  "The towns-people are a thousand
 times more intelligent than you.  You're an old moron blindly suckling at
 the biggest teat shoved in his face."

        "Consider what you're saying, Girl.  You're being just another damned
 fool.  Look where not repenting got your entire family.  One foot in the
 grave, one foot away from joining mommy and daddy in eternal liquefaction,
 and you're trying to deny the truth that you saw in the cross.  I saw you
 see it.  I saw you see it."

        "Oh, Prophet, oh.  I saw it and I do not try to deny it.  It would be
 so easy for me to accept God and love him for the death he died.  Oh, I saw
 him die for me, and for me alone, just as he died for you alone, and
 everyone else alone.  A real sacrifice on the personal level, I saw it.  And
 oh, how easy it would be to love him.  How easy.

        "But I refuse.  Let him rot in his Heaven as I rot here on my earth.
 Let all the blackest of dooms creep into heaven, hiding by assuming a
 celestial air and luminescence, because there are no shadows in Heaven, and
 let them slowly make their way up the back of his throne, till they finally
 slide their fingers around his neck and throttle him like my mother used to
 throttle chickens.  Let him choke and die.

        "The towns-people aren't stupid; you are.  No one with any thoughts
 would love a God who tries to extort love from them by threatening them with
 their own doom.  No one would love a God who kills everything that means
 something and leaves life barren.  Only you.  Only the biggest idiot alive.
 And now, Prophet, if you don't mind, I'm going to go off and die a horrible
 death, but at least my death will be without supplicating indignities, which
 is something you will never ever be able to say about your eternal life.
 Adieu."

	They all died.

        Jokanaan lived on.  The plague could not catch him because he
 possessed faith in God and faith makes for life everlasting.  Still,
 surrounded by the shallow passageway death carved through the town and life,
 the blood flowed.  The last trickle of a once great river.  They say the
 deserts were once watery paradises.  If that's true, then Jokanaan felt like
 the last puddle that's managed to keep itself while being assuaged on all
 sides by the sand that just seems endless.  Not an oasis, but a puddle.

	A hundred miles from anything human, Jokanaan slowly walked through
 the town.  Loneliness grew in him with the passage of time.  After a few
 days he needed desperately something to take his mind off it, and so he
 began to indulge his curiosities.

        He entered buildings that he always looked at from the outside but
 had never been permitted entrance.  He walked into the houses of people who
 had never liked him or God, even before the plague.  He went in the bedrooms
 and secret closets of friends who retained a few meager grains of privacy
 from their acquaintances.  Seeing these rooms, he slowly mused on how he
 knew them a little better now than he did while they actually lived.

	The morbidity of such thoughts and insupressable stifling air in all
 of the houses reminded him of visiting ancient ruins of early Christian
 churches while in his youth.  The young Jokanaan walked among the stone
 structures which had lost their roofs centuries before his birth and was
 attacked by feelings of uselessness.  He saw in the stone structures
 something more permanent and greater than any individual could ever achieve.
 He recognized his life would never produce anything so permanent and so
 easily understood.

        The churches were not the product of those who designed or physically
 built them, either.  No human being could ever achieve the permanence of the
 structures.  They could not be attributed to any sole individual nor to any
 group of individuals following a sole plan.  Rather, something about their
 very essence, the idea of thousands of people annually gather within the
 half-destroyed walls and follow the same routine they and their predecessors
 had carved out of the very rocks that made up the church, established
 the permanence.  The permanence was a flavor constructed by the bakeries of
 thousands of penitent souls, thousands of bored souls who came out of duty,
 thousands of souls who came out of fear, thousands of souls who came why
 they knew not.  The permanence made the taste of his own existence so
 desperately bitter and worthless.  The realization that someday the great
 permanence of the churches would be forced to give into the attacks of time
 and weather only exacerbated the foul taste his life brought to him.

        This same feeling now came to him as he wandered in and out of the
 rooms of his enemies, friends, and little known neighbors.  Each room was
 carved by rituals and worships of its occupants.  The permanence was not
 felt, because the rooms were still too young to have been engulfed in
 permanence.  Rather, Jokanaan felt the interruption of the permanence, a
 terrifying sensation that made it all the worse.  To feel the permanence was
 one agony entirely, but to feel the interruption of the permanence while
 possessing the knowledge of what the permanence might have been was hell.

        It was then that Jokanaan realized he was in Hell.  A cold shiver
 went up and down his body, but the knowledge brought empowerment.  Because
 Hell was not a place without windows.  He could see clearly the Heaven
 awaiting him if he only kept faith in the Lord God and the resurrection.
 The faith eternal that brought life eternal, and Jokanaan walked down the
 street before him waiting with anticipation for the coming of that eternal
 life and the end of his mortal sorrows.  Eternal life reigned supreme and
 existed now and existed in the future, but which was the concept and which
 the reality?  The current existence or the future one?  But Jokanaan wasn't
 thinking of that, rather, he walked down the street thinking of his one true
 love and watching the absence of vultures circling overhead. 

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "The Chaos Theory; Tuesday, July 26th"
 by -- Eerie

        Your clever mind might be thinking by now: damn, this guy is such an
 asshole, he's had sex with two girls since his girlfriend died 5 days ago.
 Maybe you'd be right.  I don't know.  During the funeral, her girl friends
 probably spent hours commiserating with Cynthia.  Her parents most likely
 swore like you never hear a suburban adult swear about the fact that I
 wasn't there.  "It's called lacking respect."  How strange, I never quite
 understood why the dead had to be respected.  I'm okay with the living.  But
 the dead aren't, they stopped existing!  What good is all this ceremonial
 bore in their honor?  I wrote my testament when I woke up around 4 in the
 afternoon before even dressing up.  I mentioned I didn't want no exposition
 of the corpse, no ceremony.  Outside it was raining.

        "Annie?"

        She was in the kitchen, wearing only her usual blue t-shirt, busy
 with putting a prepared "homestyle" quiche she had bought in a grocery
 store.  We had agreed on a rotation for things related to food: today it was
 her, tomorrow it'll be me.

        "I have a tricky question for you."

        "Shoot."

        "I'm writing my testament."

        "Whoah.  For any particular reason?"

        "The fact that I might die someday.  I'll be incinerated, & I want
 you to get the ashes.  You never know."

        "That's fine."

        "Really?  Fine, then.  I'll write: I want to be incinerated & the
 ashes should be sent to Annie... What's your last name anyway?"

        "It's not Annie."

        "It's not Annie?"

        "I was christened Mary."

        "You changed your name?!"

        "Not officially.  That's still my name.  Though I hate it."

        "Oh yeah?"

        She looked at the timer on the oven.

        "You have ten minutes to finish with your morbid plans."

        "That doesn't tell me what name I should write on here."

        "Oh.  Write P.O. Box 783.  It's my personal mailbox."

        I then finished my text:

        I want to be incinerated, & the ashes should be sent to P.O. Box 783,
 city, zip code, etc. etc. & I repeat, no (underscored) manifestation, no
 communion, nothing.  To me this is the only way you can ever keep your
 so-called respect for the dead.  Any infraction to this rule would be
 considered as nothing but an insult.

        I signed, then I read it again, proud.  I closed the notebook &
 walked to the kitchen where Annie was, sitting on a chair, lost in her
 thoughts.

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "mom never learned how to swim"
 by -- mooer

        "ma'am, could you step (over the shoulder to your degenerative past)
 to the left please?"

        holly valentine stepped aside, letting the wheelchair go by.  the
 leopard-skin straitjacket that she wore certainly made her feel like a
 tourist.  she was shown around quickly by dr. michael smichel and then she
 lurked around as a coordinated seizure would.

        "today is the day where i am crazy.  must act crazy.  be crazy.  i am
 crazy."  actress mode was easy to holly; she was a natural -- blonde.
 things flowed mellifluously through her.  as a young girl, she had always
 practiced dissimulated conversation.  she gazed impassively at the pidgin
 television in her family's living room, behaving like her reflection would.
 broken, no proficient bones of her own.

        the smell of brain ointments clouded her nose.  the stench was
 heartless, nothing ardent or mortal about it.  these people; them, they
 sweated medication.  how could they lust after such azoic cures when all
 they needed was a reduction of context?

        "oh, well, no matter.  i've got some characterization to canvass."

        she looked around the hospital with pinched eyes, allowing herself to
 gulp the decor.  the gift was hers, it took her only a condensed period of
 time to master new environments:  her genius was adjustment.
 step-by-token-step, she canonized herself into the worn shoes of some of
 "them".

        the first patient holly met was mark.  sometimes, when things are
 confusing, explanation tends to be even more unsettling.  thus was the case
 in mark's life.  he hated his name, "mark".  _hey, blemish!_

        the torrid rupture of mark's sanity began when he began to write.  he
 was totally unaware that no one spoke his language.  his impact was in his
 lucid confusion, his Desire to express his soul.  bah, isn't that what
 everyone wants?  this world's currency is attention and mark is a very poor
 man.  holly saw that mark's soul was parenthetically mute.  (she tasted
 yellow).

        in the meantime, ruby had peeked her head in.  she always had
 something to say.  like a child with candy, holly was ushered to ruby's
 theatre.  holly could see that sometimes, most often, ruby felt out of
 place.  in place, she was a running context, a person of consequence;
 someone to be soft and squishy.  she had dreams of nightmares being taught
 where a clitoris and g-spot are -- from a person she hated for no particular
 reason except this person was an argument in a body.  a constant withering
 of her chained, tethered life.  somehow, she managed to be as irritating as
 a dull, throbbing paper cut.  (ambiguity oxidates to copper.)

        holly was quite taken with ruby but she knew that she had to move on.
 tabitha was in the next cell.  tabitha was the youngest patient in the
 hospital.  a dysfunctional family and disfigured reasoning had landed her on
 what she considered to be a planet of glowing inner warmth.  an odd affinity
 to strawberry sorbet was her poison.  of course, she knew that strawberry
 sorbet was fat free.  no padding, not a single encouragement, no excess, not
 a single figure to point at -- be him either fallen or standing.  at that
 point in her life, she had just come to leave her fissured family, shivering
 at the fact that she now had more control over her life than ever before.
 her dad smoked but he could never master it.  but now, her fire was control,
 burning and melting sorbet like it was candy melting in a shiny, golden
 sun-revolving pot.  (white was the consummated truth in this conned-text).

        on the hospital speakers, holly heard the faint whimpers of the song
 "cry baby cry".  the undertone slept in the understated Beatles' song.  her
 straitjacket tugged at her insides, it was rather tight.

        "that's my favorite song too!" peeped mattheweasel, reading her mind.

        "argh, how annoying-oh-yeah?!  (midnight blue is MY favorite color!)"

        "oh, shut up."

        and that's how she bumped into mattheweasel.  in his room, the
 television was on.  mattheweasel watched townies often because he absolutely
 adored the girl that later became dharma.  and that's where the wittiest
 line in the whole entire pie came from.  the television stunted holly, she
 felt inert.  _she stood six-o-six by 2 which equaled twelve-twelve slices.
 6 x 2: six stories by mind and body.  she wanted the beating to stop -- the
 incessant naughty, knotty hurt._  (underwater blue halted her into another
 blinking snowy hum).

        Diseased Impaired Flashback -- science class.  the teacher that never
 took off his lab coat, finally does.  and where is his rage?  a capon?  no,
 somewhere in those pants lies a candle.  dad has one of those, too.

        evil twins leapt in a single bound from hexed window to hexed window.
 (that's two windows, mind and body).  and yes, those twins had never, ever
 written a piece of fiction up to that point.  the saint, origin:  south, had
 these ultimately blue eyes that touched her breasts all the time and she
 loved this boy because he was hobbes.  and now he was tickling her ass and
 placing his cold, furtive hands on her tummy and making her drip sweet dank.
 ("orange cloud raining in my head").

        holly whipped her functions back in two shapes and faked her ugly
 cerebral orgasm.  (this was not written to be a piece of cruci-fiction).

        "good grief, i can't stay here any longer, i'm breathing in too many
 of _their_ ointments."

        and then came showtime:

        "there was a time in my life when i felt that there was nothing left
 to give.  life hadn't been so well for my family, coming from the planet
 mercury made earth seem like a cold, fair-shining world.  however warm and
 cozy it had been on merc, as we so affectionately referred to it, my
 lovers had chosen to make a family in the depths of earth's live-r.  my
 lovers were two, one male and the other female.  they had chosen to love
 more and produced two others and me, lovers total five in all. but the one
 lover, the one that was given the responsibility of steering the ship was
 insecure in his abilities to provide enough love.  he battered not only the
 little lovers, he also tore down the membrane that held together the bubble
 of mechanization, the other primary lover.  so she was helpless in her
 fascination with the pain, because that was all that she could do in her
 pre-chained price tag world.  he, the beater, was the thumb on the hand.
 many nights, he would fuck sheep and hopefully find money in risky
 situations, i wouldn't be so surprised if he had another lover with another
 lover.  godfuck, he was dirty.  if he had only listened.  if he had only
 listened to the weeps of his children, the love of his wife.  the pain in
 our hands.  i suppose that i could hate him.  but i would never want to be a
 misogynist.  of course, i know that means the hatred of women, i just
 happened to inherit most of his genes, dummy."

        _and holly managed to pickle that into one solid crazy breath._

 ---

        footnote: "i don't have much to say about tabula rousseau, it's the
                  most straightforward that you can slither out of me.  other
                  than, maybe the title was a little cryptic.  tabula rosa is
                  the concept that people are born a Clean Slate.  rousseau
                  was a person, i dare not call him a philosopher, that
                  believed that society is evil."

        just wanted to leave you with a minty taste on your tongue.

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "one nation under"
 by -- eerie

                                                 "dance, dance, dance, dance,
                                                          dance to the radio" 
                                                              -- joy division

        they said they were going to be back soon & locked the doors to
 minimize radioactivity as much as possible.  they left mrs. fenton & mrs.
 grant to take care of us & said pray for us, we'll be back soon they
 repeated.  we all had bleak stares, we were white from sickness.  toby, dana
 & audrey had died.

        the place was deserted, it was a business place we assumed from the
 countless desks, papers they seemed pretty damned useless now... a few
 stores : gift shop bookstore & mostly a convenience store which is why they
 left us here, there was going to be an unlimited amount of potato chips &
 soda for our survival.  what luck.  i'm kevin, i'm writing this because no
 one else will, a week ago we heard a big bang & according to whoever i heard
 we were lucky to be in the basement & that we had adults who knew what to do
 in such a case we rushed to somewhere quote unquote safe.  for days hearing
 the noise of conduits, pipe & tubes until the point where it becomes
 melodic, becoming friends with the ambient horror.  we all knew we were the
 only survivors from our school, it was obvious now that most of our friends
 had died instantly, & that is what most of the horror came from, & we also
 figured our families were all ashes by now.  mrs. fenton was frail & sick
 all the time, i wouldn't know how much she threw up in the basement, just
 like some other kids too actually, the air always smelled of vomit & shit &
 piss.  during this week, i'm saying week because that's what i think it is,
 i tried to keep up with the time even though there was no view of the
 outside, just a lot of dark & closed doors leading to instant death mrs.
 grant kept saying, DON'T OPEN THAT FUCKING DOOR, DID YOU HEAR ME? during
 that week like i said me & some guys were always hanging out together in our
 corner of the basement, people knew they couldn't get there, it was our
 private place, there'd been a couple fights i can remember of, like this
 time chris kept screaming at donald telling him to stop fucking crying
 fucking baby, he beat him up good, & we were all very entertained, even mrs.
 grant couldn't really stop us.

        chris was the loudmouth anyway, he would tell the pretty girls what
 the fuck, we survived this, now there's no reason for us not to fuck, & he
 lead the way for us guys to get some pussy.  you might want to know this :
 it was decided that since her boyfriend was most likely dead tina & i would
 be quote unquote dating.  that word is ridiculous considering the
 circumstances though. basically dating in the basement meant keeping each
 other warm, fucking in the face of the kids & mrs. fenton & mrs. grant who
 was the only one to ever dare telling us to stop, in which case we'd more or
 less laugh in her face, like she could tell us what to do now.  the sex we
 got, for most of us the first we ever had it brought us a halo of power, no
 one would ever fuck with us.  some other kids not our friends started trying
 but then mrs. grant would tell them to stop it & they'd chicken out.

        mrs. fenton was sitting in her corner too, with shy girls all around
 her, that was the weeping corner we christened it.  & most of the time mrs.
 grant was around there too, trying to bring her back to her senses always
 unsuccessfully.  she was the only one sane enough it seemed.  on the first
 day when it became apparent we'd have to stay there for a while, we were
 still quite scared & silent at the time, i went with her & mike & toby to
 the vending machines in the teacher's room which by luck was in the
 basement, grabbed chairs slammed them against the machine to make it spit
 candy, eventually we could bring back a backpackfull of 3 musketeers mr.
 goodbars crunchies coffee crisps caramilks snickers etc. etc. mrs. grant had
 tried to call someone using the phone in the teacher's room but no answer,
 not even a busy signal, not even a god damned tone.

        she also said we should make provision of as much water as we can in
 the bathroom's sinks because with time it might get infected if it's not
 infected already.  i also stole 3 ballpoint pens & paper which i used mostly
 to draw until i started writing this which is 2 days ago.  i'm trying to
 make this chronological but my memories are crippled, like i'm just
 remembering this time when this kid, i think jonathan, walked out of the
 room seemingly unaware of whatever the fuck was going on, like he was going
 to his class or something... even though we'd made fun of him afterwards i'm
 thinking : who can blame him?  it was hard to behave normally, i think there
 wasn't a second where someone wasn't crying somewhere in the basement.

        on the last days in there i was mostly just with tina touching her as
 much & deep as i could, out of boredom?  oh, i don't know.  more like out of
 lacking affection, gay as it sounds.  one day she said : you're so wanting
 it, kevin, you're so wanting me.  i wanted her.  what else did i have?  dom
 was often mocking me about it.

        dom was another guy in our gang, only he wasn't too much into fucking
 girls, he said they were too stupid & immature... well, he fucked dana.  i
 remember this because as a coincidence dana died 2 days after, i don't know
 what of.  she did look pretty damned sick.  mrs. grant brought her little
 corpse somewhere else in the basement she wouldn't tell where.  afterwards
 it was toby's turn.  it was then we figured it could happen to all of us,
 surviving the first strike wasn't all, we still had to make it to wherever
 else there is left.  what was left of the city, of the world, anyway?
 audrey was the third & last to die in the school's basement after several
 days of puking & shitting candy bars into diarrhea.  we were almost glad she
 died.

        when a kid died mrs. grant made us pray for them, & even though chris
 was saying this is all bullshit, who cares, though i did pray trying to even
 mean it because at that point there was nothing more clever to do.  save our
 souls...

 ---

        chris by the end was not as loud as he was in the first days, he was
 just staying in place screaming every once in a while SHUT UP, because that
 was really all there was to say.

        nobody was expecting anything when the rescuers had come, all dressed
 in weird suits.  they brought us quickly in a truck outside & we're here
 now.  supposedly this was one of the last safe places around.  it has an
 emergency generator they said.  there was light.

        after checking out the new place the first day we had found that it
 hosted a radio station : wxrt a contemporary adult music radio station.
 there was a little light in the rooms but the machines didn't seem to be
 working.  we had a gang meeting & it was decided that we were going to ask
 charlie, he was a geek but that was okay because he knew about electronics,
 he bragged about it pretty often... chris, pete (a friend of chris', damn
 this kid was hyperactive as hell, we'd see him run all the time for no
 reason from room to room, wrestle with other kids, etc. especially now that
 there was room to move...) & i went to see him & asked him if he could fix
 it for us.  miraculously he could.  most of the machines could be plugged on
 the generator.  we decided to let charlie in our gang.

        thus was founded radio holocaust : unknowingly to mrs. grant & mrs.
 fenton who was spending all of her time on the floor with the same girls all
 the time, all weeping whining, chris hosted the first show.  i didn't think
 it was going to make it to the airwaves but it was fun nonetheless.  a lot
 of screaming on the mic & making our own music with a guitar hanging there
 probably used for unplugged sessions, & banging on anything we could bang
 on.

        an extract from chris hosting the show : "WELCOME TO RADIO
 HOLOCAUST... BABY THIS IS THE END OF THE WORLD, & AREN'T YOU PROUD? IF
 YOU'RE LIKE US YOU'RE STUCK IN YOUR BASEMENT RIGHT NOW LISTENING TO MY SEXY
 SEXY VOICE... BABY BABY YOU KNOW YOU WANT ME... so we're here chilling out
 in this building, you're listening to wxrt, contemporary adult music MY ASS!
 we're taking over your fucking lite-headed radio station, buttfuck!  NO
 MORE... my parents listened to that shit, now for all i know they're dead...
 are there any kids out there?  any clever kids, mutant kids ready for the
 day after?  YO, THE TIME IS NOW!"  (all : screaming in the room, till our
 lungs break.)

        dom was giving him amused looks, though he knew the deal.  we had to
 scare them, now.  then chris was calling him gay & dom said look who's
 talking...

        the station had become our hangout, that's where we were eating
 sleeping & fucking, at last away from the other kids, & even though mrs.
 grant knew very well what we were doing she'd leave us alone, i suppose she
 figured whatever havoc we could wreak wouldn't matter much at this point.
 it was also in the station i started writing five days ago i think... if
 you're reading this then it made it somewhere...

        tina tells me i shouldn't bother. i told her this :

        i don't know if we'll make it outside. i don't know if ANY of us will
 survive.  right now i can't even think, in a year i'll be there, blah blah
 blah... right now if time stopped, the only thing we can be certain of is
 that right now we're living & tomorrow we have no clue, no clue.

        she said right, why do you bother then?  i said i don't know.  chris
 does say i'm too fucking optimistic for my own good.  keep screaming on the
 airwaves, chris.  maybe we ARE making it somewhere.

        in the convenience store there were some lighters, we stole the box &
 started burning any piece of plastic we could find & inhale, breathe it in
 till we got dizzy.

        one day mrs. grant went for a quest for food on the first floor &
 above & chris decided today we were going to fuck mrs. fenton.  especially
 now with all the rumors that she was a dyke & we knew very well whatever the
 fuck she was doing with all these girls around... when we got there she was
 looking weaker than ever, the girls ran away trying to find mrs. grant, we
 caught two of them... dom grabbed the prettiest one, lifted her skirt &...
 & chris with his knife was threatening to kill mrs. fenton if she didn't get
 undressed... we enjoyed the sight of our teacher getting naked in tears.
 we enjoyed the sight of chris getting inside, then pete, john the one who
 talked all the time some senseless drivel, charlie the geek...

        when i fucked with tina later on it was strange to look at her face &
 see her react.  mrs. fenton didn't.  she just let us do it.

        "YO THIS IS RADIO HOLOCAUST... my, these old crap vinyls rock some
 ass when they're played at 78 don't they!  charlie was freestyling over this
 last one.  if i were you i'd be fucking thankful for being alive, this shit
 ain't something you'll hear everyday, fucker.  this is the music of AFTER.
 are you kids out there?  what the fuck are you doing inside?  outside's
 where it's at, baby...

        "but it's comfortable inside with our rotten food & our sick faces!
 like it could be any worse outside, you know?  but god damn it's
 frightening, all this uncertainty... especially now, after getting so much
 shit thrown on us, we're waiting for a messiah or something, god's voice to
 tell us whatever the fuck to do... well, mind you, GOD DOESN'T GIVE A SHIT!
 (woohoos from the studio) ALL HE DOES IS SIT ON HIS FAT ASS & WATCH & LAUGH!
 yeah, we're fucking laughable... like ANYTHING IS GOING TO HAPPEN if we
 don't DO IT.

        "so move your god damned BUTT.  this time it's true that nobody is
 gonna do it for you."

        screams in the studio... we filled the god damned airwaves, they were
 full of us...

        "THIS IS THE FINAL PLAN.  SO WHAT IF THEY SAY IT'S RADIOACTIVE?
 WE'RE ALL LEFT TO OURSELVES ANYWAY.  WE NEED TO GO OUT.  WE NEED TO KNOW IF
 WE'RE UP FOR LIVING OR DYING.  DO YOU HAVE BALLS?  ARE YOU REALLY WISHING TO
 STAY INSIDE FOR THE REST OF YOUR PATHETIC LIVES?

        "SO WHAT IF YOU DIE WHEN YOU'RE OUT?  SO WHAT, IT'S GONNA BE BETTER
 THAN JUST BEING SO FUCKING SICK IN THIS HELLHOLE... IS ANYBODY HEARING THIS?
 GO OUT!  I'M GOING OUT!  I'M GOING OUT!"

        somehow when he said that we didn't quite believe it, but afterwards
 that's what was decided.  charlie was the first one to agree.  dom followed
 even though he was still very skeptical.  he said : whatever happens...
 mrs. grant hadn't found much to eat in the building.  we knew we were going
 to die in here.  we had been forgotten by the rescue teams.  so what, i
 said.  i'm ready.  tina said : okay, i'm ready, too.  sniffing burnt
 plastic...

 ---

        this classic, short, crudely written story, deemed by literary critic
 geoffrey chapman as "quite possibly the most accurate & moving account we
 can possibly find of post-meltdown life," was to be copied, either by hand
 or press, & shared among the survivors of the december 1987 disaster.  its
 contents weren't edited for the purpose of historical accuracy, although for
 more readability spelling & grammar have been fixed, & quotation marks have
 been added in order to mark the "radio holocaust" speeches.

        we assume that this story is, in fact, autobiographical : according
 to various accounts, "radio holocaust" actually did broadcast to a limited
 yet faithful audience in the boston area, as mentioned in the story.  its
 influence was enough to incite a few hundreds of children & teenagers to
 leave their shelters & pillage the city stores & houses for survival during
 the first days of january, 1988.  it is estimated that about half of them
 managed to make it through ambient radioactivity, thus defeating even the
 most optimistic scientific estimates.

        although his identity remains unknown, "kevin" is nonetheless a
 writer as influential to the victims of this tragedy as franz kafka was in
 eastern europe with classics like the trial & the castle.  his literary
 influence is not to be denied either, as we can determine a direct stylistic
 correlation between kevin & the likes of bernard gail, jennifer trenton, &
 of course mary dunlop, whose novel autistic airwaves won the first
 post-meltdown pulitzer in 1989.

                                 s$
                                 $$ $s     .d""b.
 )- ---------------------- - .d""$$ $$sS$$ $$  $$ - ---------------------- -(
                             $$  $$ $$     $$  $$
  :: doomed to obscurity ::  $$  $$ $$     $$  $$  :: doomed to obscurity ::
                             $$  $$ $$  $$ $$  $$
 )- ---------------------- - $$  $$ $$  $$ $$  $$ - ---------------------- -(
                             "Tss$$ "TssT" "TssT"

 )-         want to talk to us?  here is our address: dto@op.net           -(
 )-     the dto www homepage (new & improved!) -- http://www.dto.net       -(
 )-       to get on the dto mailing list, send mail to dto@dto.net         -(
 )-                with the message saying "subscribe dto"                 -(
 )-       the dto love shack:  po box 2257, philadelphia, pa 19103         -(

  (c) copyright 1998 doomed to obscurity productions.  all rights reserved.

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(
