
 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(
 )-  Doomed to Obscurity E'zine issue number 28 - released June 5th, 1998  -(

            "T$$$$b. "T$$$$$b.               .d$$$$P"""""T$$$$b. "T$$$$$$$
              "T$$$$b. "T$$$$$$P"^`          "T$$$$$b.    "T$$$$b. "T$$$$$
     .d$$$$P""""T$$$$$b. "T$$$$$b.   "T$$$$$b. "T$$$$$b.   "T$$$$$b. "T$$$
     "T$$$$$b.   "T$$$$$b. "T$$$$$b.   "T$$$$$b. "T$$$$$b.   "T$$$$$b. "T$
    b. "T$$$$$b.   "T$$$$$b. "T$$$$$b.   "T$$$$$b. "T$$$$$b.   "T$$$$$b. "
    $$b. "T$$$$$b.   "T$$$$$b. "T$$$$$b.   "T$$$$$b. "T$$$$$b.   "T$$$$$b.
    """"`  `""""""^""^""""""""`  `""""""^""^"""""""`   `""""""^""^"""""""`
    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "Tee-hee!"
 by -- Mogel

        Hiya!  It's been a while since we've spoken, you and me.  Take a
 look:  it's the 28th issue of the ever-so-talked about "Doomed to
 Obscurity".  Of course, it's been four months since we've released an issue.
 Yes, there is a good reason for this.  This reason might be fairly
 predictable:  DTO is falling apart, rather pathetically.  There are reasons
 for this, too.

        The reason is that we're all bastards.  Every single one of us.  It's
 also quite pathetic.  Progressively, through more and more re-organizations
 and personality-conflicts,  we've managed to lose sight of something very
 important -- that we're supposed to be writing and communicating ideas to
 each other, like all good little pseudo-intellectuals do!  Seems simple
 enough, huh?  But somehow, surprisingly, we've lost the ability to do even
 that, and it seems as if there's no returning.

        So what's going on?  Well, as our collective egos pressed on over
 the last half a year or so, many of the DTO fellows were criticized,
 unappreciated, unmotivated, self-centered, utterly useless, and often
 flat-out mean.  It seems as if we can no longer effectively work together.
 Go figure!

        Well, guess what?  This issue will be the *last* issue of what people
 have formally known DTO to be.  It's the last "serious" issue.  It's got
 lots of old articles that have been sitting around -- either on my
 harddrive, or on the DTO webpage... ones that I felt should be released
 before DTO changes.  Special thanks to our fuzzy pal Jook, who has
 contributed for this issue one of the better things to ever appear in DTO.

        Anyway, three of our writers -- Eerie, Mooer, and Creed -- have quit
 DTO to form their own web e'zine in the near future, entitled "Newspeak".  I
 suppose I'll keep people updated on the status their project here.  After
 all, at least they're doing *something*.  Most of the rest of us seem to be
 doing good impressions of rocks, as far as writing goes.

        Actually, *I* don't really consider myself involved anymore, either.
 That's why I'm letting a militia of rage-filled, former DTO writers (and
 Nybar!) take control of our dwindling publication.  I'd also like to
 formally announce Trilobyte as the new HEAD EDITOR and LEADER of Doomed to
 Obscurity E'zine!  Good ol' Trilly has recently wrote the much acclaimed DTO
 issue #38 entirely by himself, which came out *ten months* ahead of
 schedule -- now THAT'S progress.  Obviously much more progress than anyone
 else in this godforsaken e'zine can do anymore.

        Anyway, the following individuals are the *only* DTO members now:

                Trilobyte: The NEW, Official Head Editor
                    Mogel: Official E-mail Guy
                     Styx: Official Muthafucka
            Sweeney Erect: Official "New Idea" Guy
                     Meow: Official Optimist
            Ashtray Heart: Official... uh.
                   Toasty: Official Public Relations Coordinator
                    Nybar: Official Great and Illustrious Propagater of the
                           Species Named After Itself A.K.A. Grand Vizier of
                           Da Funk.

        Any other members beyond these 8 will have to undergo a series of
 Styx's complex and deadly tests to be accepted back into the pages of DTO.
 But who would want to?  DTO sucks anyway.

        What about the rest of the now former DTO writers... favorites such
 as Puck, Kaia, and Jook?!  We don't know!@  There are rumors that Jamesy,
 Shadow Tao, Murmur, and Guido Sanchez -- completely enraged by the hostile
 takeover of the e'zine which they've held *so* close to their hearts for the
 last few years -- have banded together to make another new, RIVAL e'zine
 entitled "Smart People Suffer" (sPs).  Expect the first release of this
 publication sometime this summer.

        Mail us you give a shit... or you have *any* thoughts on DTO in
 general.  The address is dto@op.net.  Write it down.  I mean, just think, we
 may be crazy enough at this point that your letter could get published in
 the next issue.  Tee-hee!

                                     ____
                                  ___|  |_ _
                               ___|  |  _______
                               |     |  |     |
 )- -------------------------- |  |  |  |  |  | -------------------------- -(
                               |  |  |  |  |  |
      Doomed to Obscurity #28  |  |  |  |  |  |  and all contents therein...
                               |  |  |  |  |  |
 )- -------------------------- |  |  |  |  |  | -------------------------- -(
                               |_____|  |_____|
                                     |___ _


 TABLE OF CONTENTS:
  1. "Tee-hee!" -- by Mogel
  2. DTO #28 and all contents therein...

 HUMOR:
  3. "The Christian Transformers" -- by Ashtray Heart
  4. "Thumbs-Up For Doody" -- by Puck
  5. "Frump-nosed Chives -- Condiments; Chapter 8934" -- By Murmur
  6. "All About Lint" -- by Aster
  7. "The Unwritten Works of Ashtray Heart" -- by Ashtray Heart

 EDITORIALS:
  8. "Changing the Face and Future of America" -- by Zooey
  9. "Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Randomness" -- by Jayatri
 10. "Gates and The Technicolor Monopoly" -- by andygee
 11. "Remembering Halo" -- by Jamesy

 FICTION:
 12. "Personal Choice" -- by Killarney
 13. "Nights Like This" -- by DisordeR
 14. "Sometimes I Wonder" -- by Razorblades & Bandaids
 15. "Gone Missing" -- by Basehead
 16. "Growing Up Dead" -- by Zilla
 17. "The 4:30 AM Onslaught" -- by Jook

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(
                                  - HUMOR -
 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "The Christian Transformers"
 by -- Ashtray Heart

        THE CHRISTIAN TRANSFORMERS:
        SPREADING GOD'S WORD OF LOVE AND VENGEANCE!

        The "Army of God" (tm):

        JEHOVAH:  The God of Wrath (tm).  Yes, our loving LORD, with kung-fu
 "sinner grip" for hurling heathens straight to hell (not included)!  This
 all-plastic figure with movable joints is based on the very same God who
 created the earth and all the creatures in it, led the tribes of Israel into
 the Holy Land, and who now rules on a throne over the whole expanse of
 heaven!  LORD transforms from "Ark of the Covenant" mode into "Charlton
 Heston" mode in just six easy steps!  Create heaven and earth, create an
 entire race of toadying slaves out of dirt (not included), sentence them to
 an existence of suffering and torment, kill off nearly the entire damn lot
 on a whim, make a whole mess of incomprehensible dietary laws, and gradually
 fade into obscurity and irrelevance with LORD!

        JESUS:  Classic version (Bread & Wine).  Christ saves from hell, and
 now you can, too, with this handsome Aryan replica with bleeding stigmata
 action!  "Classic Version" transforms from chalices of flat wafers (as bland
 and tasteless as the real thing*) and "Ripple" wine into a tableau of pure
 suffering that will give your child nightmares for the rest of his
 life -- complete with crucifix!  Re-enact great scenes of Christ's life with
 your JESUS action figure -- his birth, his baptism, his seduction of Mary
 Magdalene -- all with the horrifying rictus of a man suffering the final
 torments of death!  Jesus' face was fashioned after a painstaking year-long
 effort to find the perfect evocation of human suffering, involving AIDS
 victims, starvation, and good old-fashioned torture -- just the way
 Torquemada did it!  You will marvel at how much raw guilt a 6" tall
 non-toxic plastic figure can induce!  Also works for raising sadomasochists.

        * -- Wafers are not consecrated Body of Christ.  Do not eat.

        JESUS:  1543 revision (Lamb of God).  Not hungry?  Hate booze?  Never
 learned Latin in school?  This Jesus is the one for you!  Transforms from
 doe-eyed "Suffer the little children to come to me" whitey Jesus to cute
 fluffy all-plastic Lamb!  Yes, salvation never looked so tempting, so
 beautiful, so nauseating!  Spoon-feed young children about all-loving,
 all-beautiful Jesus with this toy and sheet of enclosed hymns -- then pull a
 switcheroo on them with JEHOVAH, the God of Wrath (tm) when they hit
 puberty!

        NOTE TO AUSTRALIANS: Do not bugger the lamb of God!

        (Also available -- Hippie Jesus, Transfiguration Jesus, Baby Jesus,
 Fightin' Jesus, Exorcist Jesus, Capitalist Jesus, Mystic Jesus, Asshole
 Jesus, DEVO Jesus, Hellfire 'n Brimstone Jesus, Jesus H. Christ, Porno Stud
 Jesus, Jesus Fetus, Black Jesus, Big Titty Jesus, Atheist Jesus, Sanrio
 Jesus, and hundreds of others!  Ask for the Jesus YOU prefer!)

        HOLY SPIRIT:  The "invisible member" of the Holy Trinity, the Spirit
 is molded out of see-through plastic!  Nobody knows what it is and what it
 does -- but hey, it sure is COOL, kids, isn't it?  Transforms from Tongues
 of Fire (with super "glossolalia" action!) to "conscience" mode -- you can't
 see it, but it's there, because WE TELL YOU IT IS!  Put near Confirmation
 Girl (complete with removable white dress) and watch her become an atheist
 and start sucking cock!  AMAZING!  And without it, you won't have a complete
 set!  Yes, that's right, you can combine JEHOVAH, JESUS**, and HOLY SPIRIT
 to make...

        TRIUNE GOD: Never mind the weird name -- it's our God, revealed in
 all his glory!  How does it work?  It's one being, and three, at the same
 time!  We won't give away the mystery -- see if YOU can figure it out!  Heh,
 heh.  Confusion galore with this wonderful BreakThink (tm) toy -- use it
 right, and the kids will reject logic completely!

        ** -- Classic version only.  Non-Catholic Jesii will not combine to
              make Trinity!

        PRIEST: It's a footsoldier in the Army of God (tm)!  This gentle
 PRIEST transforms from an ineffectual and unwanted vessel of God's Word
 (with special "money-grubbing" action!) to a full-fledged leatherman (with
 special  "cock-thrusting" action -- about which the less said the better,
 honestly)!  Watch PRIEST as he is consumed by his conflicting desires and
 his desperate need to suppress his sexuality!  Watch PRIEST witness a steady
 hemorrhaging of his parish as fewer and fewer people can tolerate POPE'S
 (sold separately) ludicrous positions on sexuality!  Watch PRIEST abuse the
 altar wine!  Yes, bumbling PRIEST is the Beetle Bailey of the "Army of God"
 (tm), and will give you hours of hilarity and fun.

        The "Army of Satan":

        "Army of Satan" action figures are not being produced at this time,
 after numerous complaints from parents who claimed the figures were turning
 their children into Satanists because they "made the 'Army of God' (tm)
 action figures look like dorks".  Rest assured, however, that all action
 figures other than "Army of God" (tm) action figures are produced by the
 minions of Satan, so they will serve just as well for staging your own mock
 battles of Armageddeon between the forces of Good and Evil.  Suggestion:
 Read "Revelations" for the best End Times scenario!  (Reminder:  Do NOT use
 "Army of God" (tm) figures with Ragnarok, Gotterdammerung, or X-day End
 Times scenarios -- CHRIST IS SUPPOSED TO WIN!  If you see your children
 playing with ANY of these scenarios, report it to us IMMEDIATELY.)  And
 remember, kids, Good always wins!

        Also currently unavailable: The "Sodom and Gomorrah" playset.

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "Thumbs-Up For Doody"
 by -- Puck

        In my twenty-two years of life, I've developed an odd obsession.
 It's with the human reaction, the way a person engrossed in American
 society reacts to the unexpected.  And by unexpected, I mean that which
 grossly violates all tenets and guidelines that we've grown comfortable
 with in our society.  Let me demonstrate what I mean by telling you about a
 road trip that I took last month.

        My friend "Paul" and I were cruising from Oxford to Georgetown to
 participate in an Improv Comedy festival.  We were part of a three car
 caravan, and in order to keep all cars together, we had made little signs to
 signal the other cars when we needed to stop for "Gas," "Food," or "Potty."
 The hours slowly ticked by as we ate up highway, and eventually, to kill the
 boredom, I decided to start flashing the "Potty" sign to the passing cars to
 see how they would react.  On our right, a red Cavalier approached, driven
 by a younger man, probably in his early twenties.  I waved my arms to get
 his attention, and as he glanced out his window I pressed the "Potty" sign
 against ours.  He twitched once, gave a quick double take, flipped us the
 bird, and sped up to pass us.  I couldn't have been more delighted.

        What amazed me here was what I still presume to be the boy's thought
 process.  To his left, he sees a guy about his age waving for his attention.

        "Maybe I've got a flat," he thinks.  "Maybe I left my turn signal
 on."  He turns cautiously to his left and sees a white piece of paper
 pressed against the window.

        "Potty.  It says potty.  Are they telling me that they have to potty?
 Are they calling me a potty?  I don't understand.  Maybe I read it wrong.
 Gotta stay cool.  I'll turn my head and read it again."  He does.

        "No, that says potty all right.  I just don't get it.  Potty?  That's
 gotta be an insult.  Gotta stay cool.  I'm going to flip them the bird.
 I'll potty them!"  And so his retribution is made.  He displays his middle
 finger and speeds in front of our car.

        What we got to witness was the creation of a schema.  This event had
 absolutely no precedent in this guy's mind.  Nobody had ever held up a sign
 that said "potty" to this guy before, and I think it's safe to assume that
 if anyone ever does in the future, they'll be met with the same confused,
 yet belligerent, response.

        The Cavalier sped out of our sight, and we never caught up to the
 guy.  My mind sought out braver, bolder conquests.  How would people react
 if we one-upped the potty sign and wrote "Doody" on a sign?  And how would
 that reaction change if the "Doody" sign was smeared and pocked with melting
 Chocolate Rolos?  I was determined to find out.  I developed a road trip
 experiment that even you can try.  As we passed cars on the left, I'd press
 this new sign up to the window and attempt to solicit a specific response.
 I would smile as I held up the sign, and give the universal "thumbs-up"
 sign, as if to suggest, "Hey, everything's fine!  Nothing out of the
 ordinary here!"  Nine times out of ten, the driver of the vehicle would,
 after a somewhat confused glance, smile and return the thumbs-up.  They had
 absolutely no idea why they were sharing a "thumbs-up" with me.  In their
 minds, for a short moment at least, it was just the right thing to do.
 Giving a "thumbs-up" for a chocolate-smeared doody sign was as natural as
 returning a handshake.

        Why oh why oh why waste my time on enterprises that seem so
 meaningless and immature?  Well, for one thing, I was stuck in a car for
 twelve hours with only my pen, paper, and a guy named Paul.  But more
 importantly, it all goes back to my obsession.  Watching the facial
 expressions on these drivers turn from absolute confusion to natural
 camaraderie was amazing.  Watching each driver come to terms with the
 absolute least probable highway event imaginable brought chills to my spine.
 And, in short, it made me laugh my ass off.  So next time you're on a road
 trip, make sure to bring your "Doody" sign.  And if you pass a young fella
 in a red Cavalier, give him a thumbs-up for me.

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "Frump-nosed Chives -- Condiments; Chapter 8934"
 by -- Murmur

        Alan went to Eureka Springs, Arkansas.  They have train whistles
 there.  Alan wanted a train whistle.  Nobody knew why.  A sandstorm blew
 threw Eureka Springs, Arkansas.  Sand infiltrated Alan's pores.  now Alan
 was Sandy Koufax, southpaw for the Los Angeles Dodgers.  Except he was dead.
 It does one very little good to be Sandy Koufax when one is dead.  As you
 should all be quite aware, asphyxiation by sand sucks.  No.  You should not
 be aware.  Hmm.  So we will pretend that Alan never went to Eureka Springs,
 Arkansas, and we will instead pretend that he is Crete Lefebvre, a short
 pudgy woman who referees junior high school basketball games in Northern
 Illinois.  TWEET!  BLOCKING.  BLACK, FOUR-TWO.  FOUR-TWO, BLACK.  Now Crete
 is attacked by locusts.  Women shouldn't be referees.  Now we are on a
 wheel-coaster filled with parmelone watching the sunset set and the
 fireflies rise like Johnny Mize!  Follow the magical wheel-coaster
 southward, downward, into the very ground, where Oedipus greets us and
 offers us "The Fetch".  Noting the horror of mutilated wolf carcasses around
 us, we decline.  Oedipus dissipates into a purple mist, which engulfs us and
 turns us all into extras in a Broadway showing of a play inspired by Elton
 John's "Crocodile Rock".  You are Croco-lock and I am Croco-dock.  We look
 like idiots.  We are idiots.  So be it.  Don't you want me, baby?  Don't you
 want me now?  NEEP NEEP.  So imagine if you will a beautiful woman standing
 before you, flapping around a hefty wad of chaw.  How unbecoming, like the
 South Pole.  Aghast.  You visit mongle, he gives you a Quest, but it doesn't
 taste very fermented.  Yeech.  Now it is time for ACTION JACKSON.  We sure
 do like that.

        Moral:  Quit while you're a face.

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "all about lint"
 by -- aster
 
        jack, the friendly piece of lint.

        jack was a piece of lint.  he was friendly.  most lint is not.  lint
 is mean and scary.  very scary.  oh so scary.  but jack, the friendly piece
 of lint, is friendly and nice.  he is nice to the mean and scary lint that
 collects in large groups, too.  but he is the only friendly lint.  most lint
 is very, very, very, scary.  only scary and mean.  never silly, or nice, or
 anything.  only scary and mean.  but not big.  jack the friendly piece of
 lint was friendly to everyone.  he was very friendly to his fellow pieces of
 lint even though they are mean and scary.  he is even friendly and nice to
 the scary and mean lint that collects in large groups.  he is friendly to
 dust too, even though dust is mean and calm.  mean and calm is not good,
 especially when it is dust that is mean and calm.  but jack the friendly
 piece of lint was still friendly.  one day jack, the friendly piece of lint,
 was friendly floating around, and a big person came up and squashed jack the
 friendly lint.  this upset jack the friendly lint.  he told the person that
 he was not mean and scary and did not collect in large groups like the other
 lint, but the big person did not believe him.  so the big person put jack
 the friendly lint in a scary, dark place.  he stayed in this scary dark
 place for a very long time.  it was dark and lonely and scary and he did not
 like it, but he was not mean and scary and he sat there, counting the dark.
 he had lots of fun counting the dark.  but counting the dark can turn you
 insane.  counting the dark did turn him insane.  so when all of a sudden
 there was light again and jack the friendly lint was free he was no longer
 jack the friendly lint.  now he was jack the insane lint.  he was strange
 and scary, but not mean, and he tried to still be friendly, but he was too
 insane.  so instead of floating like sane lints he hopped and skipped and
 jumped around like an insane lint.  now, while he was doing this, the other
 mean and scary lints were watching with disgust.  they did not like the
 insane lint.  so they trapped him in the dark place again.  he did not like
 that, but he was stuck and he could not get out.  he tried and tried to get
 out but could not.

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "The Unwritten Works of Ashtray Heart"
 by -- Ashtray Heart

        Since he burst on the scene three years ago, Ashtray Heart has carved
 out a formidable niche in the crowded but always interesting field of "not
 writing stuff."  His abilities to not write stuff are truly prodigious, far
 exceeding the ability of, for instance, Isaac Asimov, who in his long career
 never managed to not write a single book.  Though critics allege that it is
 FAR easier to not write stuff than to write stuff, his supporters point out
 that ability to not write stuff at such prodigious rates cannot be denied;
 indeed, Sven Birkerts of _The New Republic_ has claimed that "Heart raises
 the art of not writing stuff to a true art form."  Other reviewers are
 grateful to be spared the guilt that usually accompanies reviewing a book
 without even reading it.  Still others are under the impression that Heart
 is a writer and not a not-writer.  In the event, all the buzz over Heart's
 non-works gives us sufficient cause to present a brief overview of his
 unwritten works to date for you.  We hope you enjoy.

        Mr. Meany Mouth -- A coming of age novel about a young man with
 mouths in each of his knees who joins a cadre of other freakishly mutated
 people on a pilgrimage (including one with a penis "that looks just like Joe
 Camel.") to a giant headless statue of Jesus somewhere in Florida.  Not a
 mature work.

        The .signature Book -- An annotated collection of Heart's signature
 files from 1994 through 1997.  Denounced by critics as "pure
 self-indulgence" and "almost as bad as publishing one's laundry lists."  For
 his part, Mr. Heart responded by saying that (1) he had not done laundry in
 over twenty years, rendering laundry lists unnecessary and (2) it was a
 specialty work, intended for a Richard Brautigan tribute library and NOT for
 general release.  Contemporaneous with "Usenet, Vol. 1."

        Usenet, Vol. 1 -- A collection of Mr. Heart's least uninteresting
 writings on the international message forum Usenet from 1994 through 1997.
 Not as relentlessly trivial as ".signature," but nevertheless much of this
 work is of interest mostly to specialists, being even more esoteric than his
 other unpublished works, at times seeming bluntly hostile to comprehension.
 Included are a review of a disco album by a UFO cult progressive rock band,
 polemics on etiquette, and a discourse on "The Bleeding Head of Arnold
 Palmer", together with nonsensical rejoinders and directionless rants.

        The Word Book -- A thematic work based on Syd Barrett's "Word Song"
 (Opel, 1988), this is a rich chromatic story of discovery and loss divided
 into myriad small chapters, each one based on one word of Barrett's.

        THE ETERNAL MANIFESTO (Uniweria Zekt) -- a rambling philosophical
 discourse on reality, truth, suffering, transcendence, and social disease,
 apparently mostly inspired by a 1961 B-movie entitled "The World's Greatest
 Sinner," as well as the UFO cult progressive rock band mentioned above.  It
 makes liberal use of ALL CAPS (as in the title).  Critics have called it
 "slightly less coherent than the Unabomber manifesto."

        Lost & Found Poetry, Vol. 1 -- Heart, who in his own words "loathes
 poetry", still managed to not put together this bizarre tome consisting
 mainly of odd turns of phrase culled from urinal graffiti, billboards,
 random posts to Usenet (many of them sexually explicit), and extensive
 conversations with a World Wide Web AI known as "MegaHAL," filtered first by
 running it several times through a heavily flawed web translation service,
 then through a filter known as "STERNO.LEX" that randomly adds indecent
 rantings to sentences, then through a syntax blender called "Babble," and
 finally tightly editing the output to simulate a coherent narrative.
 Ironically, some commentators have called it his most cohesive work, while
 questioning why this was classified as "poetry."  For the record, Heart
 claims it as poetry because "it's pretentious and it doesn't make a fucking
 bit of sense."

        Party In My Pants -- Virgins talk about their sexual experiences.

        A Child's Garden of Death -- Purportedly a "children's book," this
 short work is in actuality an uncharacteristically vicious, sarcastic, and
 unabashedly emotional attempt by the author to come to grips with the pain
 inflicted by death.  Condemned as "maudlin" by Heart's imaginary fans who
 had come to enjoy his early bizarre free-associative work, and denounced by
 the ruthlessly critical Heart himself as "adolescent," "Death" is
 nevertheless a powerful and important work.

        What Color Is Your Underwear? -- A dark, intensely erotic, and
 ultimately destructive relationship unfolds between two "career women,"
 revealed entirely through succeeding drafts of the resumes of each of the
 women.

        The Pimple At the Gates of Dawn -- A grotesquely and intimately
 detailed chronicle of a dentist's ("W. Phang") gradual descent into madness,
 ironically spurred by overexposure to mouthwash commercials, through an
 increasing obsession with the minutiae and vaguely repellent bodily detritus
 of a person, progressing from the more repellent bodily elements such as
 feces to the more subtle physical horrors, and his eventual salvation at the
 hands of the filthiest man alive.  Critics have charged that Heart bluntly
 lacks the talent to pull such a stunt off, and that this is why the novel
 remains unwritten.

        Alien Butt Probe Police -- Unwritten comic book pilot manuscript
 about two X-files clone agents who research Forteana and conspiracies.
 Three incomplete drafts numbered 2 to 4 exist, wildly disparate in
 character, but not in quality, which is uniformly crap.  Two deals with an
 alien conspiracy to induce condom failure and abortions performed with ice
 scrapers in which all the characters apparently weigh at least two hundred
 and fifty pounds and random segments of the narrative are blacked out.
 Three is a completely nonsensical fragment apparently involving Falco (who
 was not dead at the time), a faceless clone of Jay Leno with a radio
 installed in his skull, and an incoherent bum talking about Pink Floyd.
 Four is about a plot by trees to kill environmentalists, rife with
 references to Macbeth and the Lorax.  All involve different main characters,
 who are universally crudely drawn and undeveloped.

        Pacy-Face Und Seine Abenteuer In Zauberland II -- an unwritten work
 of interactive fiction; despite its name, NOT a sequel to the original
 "Pacy-Face."  In fact, it's not even in German.  This is a "dummy" name,
 designed for the "dummy" first section of the game, which Heart has
 proclaimed to be "the most irritating IF game ever."  He's probably right.
 For one thing, you have to breathe every three turns or die.  For another,
 on the eleventh turn a giant armada from the planet Kobaia arrives and kills
 you.  The whole thing is in fact grotesquely unfair, and about as much fun
 to sit through as a 20 minute drum solo.  Should one make it past turn 50,
 though, the game suddenly turns very different -- it in fact becomes
 IMPOSSIBLE to die -- and becomes an exploration of shifting realities more
 or less totally ripped off from Dick's "The Three Stigmata of Palmer
 Eldritch."  Moderately interesting, but again Heart just doesn't display the
 requisite talent -- in programming OR storytelling -- to make this thing
 interesting, ESPECIALLY given the prologue.

        Sausage Is the Best and Other Stories -- A collection of bona fide
 short stories, or they would be if they had been written.  The title story
 is a tribute to Frank Zappa and a sort of anti-tribute to Keats, whose
 boogers figure prominently in this story along with a dedicated yet hairy
 female impersonator.  Also included are "Fracture," intended to be a textual
 counterpart to the King Crimson composition, "Dental Themes In the Work of
 Beaulieu," a mock research paper condemning a colleague for not accepting
 metaphorical extensions of reality to the degree necessary, "The Revenge of
 Roger Waters," a light-hearted satire on Pink Floyd, "Sunday Afternoon," the
 memoirs of a lonely old man whose sole joy in life has been Bocce, "Tuesday
 Morning," the film treatment of "Sunday Afternoon" starring Sylvester
 Stallone as a heavily muscled Bocce player trying to win back the affection
 of his son, "X-Day," a Subgenius apocalyptic tale, and others.

        17, 23, 40:  A Bardstown Road Travelogue -- A loving tribute to
 culture and counterculture in one of Louisville, Kentucky's premier
 commercial corridors.

        The Revenge of the Admiral (provisional title) -- Heart's latest
 unwritten epic, with the potential to be a truly big and satisfying
 non-exploration of key Heart issues while maintaining the absurdist
 sensibilities that are so well-known to Heart aficionados.  "Revenge" is the
 story of a disgraced former sea captain and cult leader who, years after his
 prime and assumed death, attempts an audacious plan to take over the nation
 of Cuba, assisted by his two disgruntled caretakers and an army of sex
 slaves.  His plans are intercepted by one of the twenty-four operators of
 one of a breed of controversial "human robots" known as "nines," who attempt
 to infiltrate the Admiral's navy for their own unknown purposes.  On their
 way from the frozen wastelands of Canada to Cuba, the Admiral encounters
 professional wrestlers, avant-garde musicians, and even one or two normal
 people.

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(
                                - EDITORIALS -
 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "Changing the Face and Future of America"
 by -- Zooey

        "And gladly wolde he lerne and gladly teche."

        If I had to take all of my college experience -- if I had to take all
 of *college* -- and distill the whole mess down to one thing, and one thing
 only,  I think I'd end up with my backpack.  I love my backpack. I got it
 right before I went to school, and I've carried it around on my back for
 four years now.  Even though it's starting to fall apart and all, it makes
 me *feel* like a college student.

        I'm about to graduate.  I'm not sure why.  I mean, I'm carrying this
 backpack around, I feel like I'm *in* college and all, but I don't know
 *why*.  It took entirely too long -- too many years spent wandering across
 quads and into and out of classrooms; too many trips to the bookstore with
 credit card in hand; too many nights spent awake staring at a paper that
 just wouldn't write itself -- entirely *too* long for me to figure out that
 I didn't know why I was here.

        I guess it just never really occurred to me to ask.

        I've done pretty well at my school.  I did pretty well in high
 school, and middle school, and going on back forever, I guess.  Why does
 that matter?  Well, I think it matters because it brings out an important
 point: I never *decided* to go to college.  No one ever asked me if I
 *wanted* to.  I never even thought about not doing it.  It's just what I was
 supposed to do. And I think that there are a lot of, a *lot* of, people out
 there in the same situation.  Whether it's mom, or dad, or your guidance
 counselor, or your favorite teacher, or yourself, everyone wants to push you
 on to the "next level."  Why?  Well, yeah, why?  But... that's not just it;
 this isn't just about me, it's about the way today's society looks at
 education, from the top to the bottom, from my mom to the President of the
 United States of America:

        "I have something to say to every family listening to us tonight:
        Your children can go on to college.  If you know a child from a poor
        family, tell her not to give up -- she can go on to college.  If you
        know a young couple struggling with bills, worried they won't be able
        to send their children to college, tell them not to give up -- their
        children can go on to college.  If you know somebody who's caught in
        a dead-end job and afraid he can't afford the classes necessary to
        get better jobs for the rest of his life, tell him not to give up --
        he can go on to college.  Because of the things that have been done,
        we can make college as universal in the 21st century as high school
        is today.  And, my friends, that will change the face and future of
        America."

        But, I have to be honest, there's something missing from the
 transcript above... Applause.  I edited it out -- but trust me, congress ate
 it all up.  How many Senators do you really think are on the verge of giving
 up hope on sending their kids away to school?  But, no, congress loved it,
 because they know that when it comes to politics, education sells.  People
 want to see people better themselves, get out of those "dead-end jobs,"
 make something of themselves!  And I guess that now, college equals money
 equals equals the future.

        There's something that's gotten lost along the way, though, and I
 think that it's the will to actually *learn*.  In the process of becoming
 *so* generic, *so* accepted, college has really lost its edge.  We have
 presidents and politicians pushing the system, shouting their clarion call
 about "the face and future of America".  So, we get their grants and their
 loans and we get their work study and then we get some more of their loans,
 and eventually we have most of our graduating high school seniors continuing
 their education.  And that's good, I guess...
                                 
        But, all the same, no one really seems to be in college to *learn*.
 Well, for the most part, anyway...  I think people are out of touch with the
 whole *ideal* of learning, at least in the sense of learning-as-growth, of
 learning-as-wisdom.  Looking around, a lot of the "best" students are
 considered to be that simply because they're the ones who *work* the
 hardest; fit in the most; memorize all twohundredsomething bones in the
 human skeleton; do all the extra credit calculus problem sets; are gifted
 with the art of bullshit to put them over the top with their English
 professor -- and that's not really learning.  That's just what They want us
 to do.

        "The average total debt of the students studied was $18,800,
        compared with $8,200 in a comparable survey in 1991, the Boston
        Globe reported."

        I know that our education system has never been perfect. I also know,
 though, that things are bad, and they're only going to get worse if people
 keep pushing things like this. Look at those loan statistics; that's a
 *huge* jump.  In a very *small* amount of time.  Before we start pushing
 everyone in the world to college, I think we need to figure out exactly why
 we're doing it.  Why it's worth it to throw in every child from every family
 everywhere, at whatever cost.

        Just maybe the future should be about more than everyone finding jobs
 that make the president happy and enable regular student loan payments.
 Maybe the face of the future should be whatever America's *youth* want.
 Maybe we should *ask* them.

 President Clinton's State of the Union address:
 http://www.whitehouse.gov/WH/SOTU98/address.html

 CNN talks about college debt:
 http://cnn.com/US/9710/23/charging.college/index.html

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Randomness"
 by -- Jayatri

        I think I gave up on understanding randomness a long time ago.  I had
 skeptical friends in high school who would painstakingly memorize a hundred
 or more digits of pi, just to see if they could find some sort of pattern
 (or maybe just to test their capacities for useless information).  I decided
 that if someone out there had decided that irrational numbers were random,
 it wasn't my job to disprove it, and I never got past 3.14159.

	It's always perplexed me that while our society is ostensibly
 striving to decrease entropy, dig a little deeper and you find that so much
 of it is based on randomness.  We use random number generators in
 innumerable aspects of our lives -- from the weekly lottery to military
 intelligence encryption.  They crop up in computer programming, astronomical
 behavior, and noncrystal material structure.  As mathematician George
 Marsaglia says, "A random number generator is like sex.  When it's good,
 it's wonderful -- and when it's bad, it's still pretty good."

	Okay, so it seems like we've got this love-love relationship with
 random numbers.  But this is a rare instance where, upon even further
 inspection, we find that the original superficial observation, that man is
 trying to reduce entropy, supersedes our fascination with chaos.  Human
 nature demands order, and will impose order even when it doesn't exist.

        Consider the inherent disorder in biological systems.  For better or
 for worse, I work with fruit flies; I often look at them and think that
 their motion is practically Brownian.  My research adviser warns us that if
 there's a hole in a container somewhere, the flies will inevitably find it.
 But there are people who observe changes in Drosophila flight and motion
 patterns as an indicator of mutant phenotype.  If the normal motion is
 "random," what kind of conclusions can you draw from finding order in
 mutants?  I wonder if someone out there has put some flies on a coordinate
 plane, assigned numerical values to motion patterns, and actually analyzed
 whether or not it is truly random.

        Or, let's go back to the lottery.  In a string of random numbers, the
 identity of one has no effect on the next, so there could be bursts of
 apparent order while still maintaining the overall randomness of the
 sequence.  But how often do people pick lottery numbers that are all in a
 row?  I remember reading somewhere that, in Britain, most weeks in which the
 numbers contained a consecutive pair had no winners.  Again, we impose our
 own sense of order onto something that doesn't necessarily conform to our
 standards.

	Maybe our dependence on order overcomes our underlying fascination
 with chaos because of efficiency.  Think about poetry.  Critics always seem
 to rave about stream-of-consciousness poets who seem to make no sense to the
 average reader.  But if normal conversation followed the same pattern,
 nothing would ever get done.  The only way we can communicate productively
 in everyday life is to order our thoughts.  It's nice to dream in random non
 sequiturs, but when push comes to shove, logic prevails.

        Sure, randomness is still important for all the uses mentioned above.
 There are lots of people sitting around making a living by trying to come up
 with random number generators.  Alan Turing, a Brit, developed the basis for
 one of the more successful ones based on electron movement.  However, there
 are those who say that such a random device has a major failing because a
 given string couldn't be regenerated upon demand.  I can see how repeating a
 random sequence by accident would be acceptable, since that sequence should
 be just as likely as any other.  But if you could ask the generator to
 repeat the same sequence whenever you wanted to, it seems that it wouldn't
 be very random.  In a way, it's like being able to tell a fruit fly which
 path to travel.

        In any case, I used to wonder if the opposite was true.  Can you take
 a sequence of values and decide whether they're random?  Turns out you can.
 And for all my skeptic friends, if you check out an old issue of Nature (20
 April 1995), this is exactly how they took patterns of the brightest stars
 in the sky to show that pi really is random.

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "Gates and The Technicolor Monopoly"
 by andygee

        As a consumer of computer goods (both hardware and software) and a
 pre-hoopla resident of the Internet, I follow with extreme interest the
 potentially apocalyptic battle between Microsoft and the Justice Department
 over the anti-trust implications of Microsoft's bundling of its World Wide
 Web browser software into its Windows95 operating system.

        This case calls to mind the first written record of a monopoly, the
 story of Joseph and the grain trust in the court of the Pharaoh of Egypt.
 To the fertile Nile Valley, Joseph brought the sorely-needed know-how he 
 had used to run his family business in a land of hard luck, hard times, and
 hardscrabble desert agriculture.  He started as a laborer and wound up with
 most of his Egyptian father-in-law's holdings due to an efficient
 agricultural policy, a knack for climate prediction and the foresight to
 save for "lean times."

        But then we see the consequences of monopoly, even of one created for
 the altruistic purpose of feeding the hungry.  As the seven lean years of
 the Egyptian famine wore on, Joseph began to take property mortgages and
 bonds of personal servitude from citizens in exchange for grain that they
 had already paid into the treasury as "famine insurance premiums."  Even
 with the purest of motives, it seems, human beings cannot resist the
 temptations of monopolies.  Eventually the Egyptians retaliated, and
 Joseph's descendants were stripped of wealth and power and were themselves
 enslaved -- to build grain storage facilities!

        The pertinence of this to what the media is calling the "browser
 wars" goes back to when Mosaic, the academic forebear of Netscape, committed
 a great sin, one which seemed to Internet residents of the time of biblical
 proportions.  It began trying to charge for copies of its web browser
 software that were stored on and downloaded via the Internet.  This seemed
 to be an egregious violation of a sacred trust in a community that saw
 itself as one of shared resources and a gift economy. (I am speaking here of
 the true "Internet community," not the so-called "On-line services."  The
 power of that community can be demonstrated by the examples of each
 industrial giant that had to fold up its on-line service plans in face of
 its opposition: IBM and Sears' Prodigy sold to the Mexicans like a used bus;
 AT&T's Infochange evaporating; AOL, the largest on-line service, forced to
 provide Internet-style flat rates; and Compuserve, the grandfather of the
 on-line world, swallowed whole by AOL.)

        Like the contents of Joseph's grain trust, the original backbone, the
 technology, even the World Wide Web itself, were paid for by the citizens'
 (that is, government or government-via-academia) money and now we are
 enjoying the fruits of our wise investment.  On the day that Mosaic/Netscape
 began its efforts to collect money from the netizens -- nothing wrong with
 that; let them sell all the shrink-wrapped boxes they want! -- along came
 Bill Gates to say, why give Netscape $50 when you can browse for free with
 me?  Nothing wrong with that either.
  
        Why, the question could be, is the Justice Department stepping in at
 this point?  There have been so many earlier points.  Where was the Justice
 Department when Microsoft upgraded Windows from merely providing network
 device driver support to incorporating a completely functional (and quite
 good, I might add) Network Operating System of its own? Where was the
 Justice Department when Microsoft obliterated the efforts of, for example,
 Peter Tattum to sell, as shareware, his Trumpet Winsock Internet TCP/IP
 Connectivity software for Windows?  The Justice Department only reacted to
 Microsoft's "dumping," "enforced bundling," and "block booking" tactics when
 the logo for its browser became plainly visible on every user's screen.
 
        Netscape itself was a beneficiary of this "high visibility syndrome"
 when the price of its stock immediately climbed to 8 times its IPO estimated
 price on the first day it was issued.  But the Justice Department had no
 excuse for not setting the tone for what it would eventually consider to be
 a reasonable position.
  
        So, even if Microsoft is blameless and without sin, and a champion of
 the netizens' right to download free software; even if the other players are
 manifestly flawed; even if we were all wise and well versed in the arts of
 acquiring, installing, and removing internetworking software; it would still
 be our duty to prevent a sole corporation from controlling World Wide Web
 browsing software.  Thank Bill Gates for his gift, chastise the Justice
 Department for its tardiness, even punish Netscape for its information
 crime.  But don't let Microsoft off the hook, lest we wind up mortgaging our
 houses and our bodies to it.

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "Remembering Halo"
 by -- Jamesy

        "I never felt like this with anyone before... you only have to smile
        and I'm dizzy... You make the world go round a thousand times an
        hour... just touch my head and send me spinning..."

        When I thought I "fell in love" for the first time, I was fifteen
 years old. I was incredibly infatuated with a girl who wasn't incredibly
 infatuated with me. I thought I knew her. I thought I knew her well, but I
 didn't really know very much of her at all.  I didn't have any idea what a
 close-knit, long-term relationship can do for two people.  I didn't know how
 important a person could be in your life.  I only knew the exciting,
 overpowering feeling infatuation had on me.  I only knew how completely
 desperate I was to get this person to "love" me.

        Needless to say, I wasn't able to make her "love" me.

        "I never felt like this with anyone before... you show me colours and
        I'm crying.. you hold my eyes in yours and open up the world... I
        can't believe all of this..."

        During this time in my life, I had no real control of myself.  I'd
 entirely shut down when I was around her and didn't feel wanted.  I'd just
 brood and look grumpy, even though I knew that was the absolute last thing
 that would win her heart. But that was all I could do, because I was an
 emotional hurricane inside.

        Eventually, we grew apart and stopped talking.  I hear about her
 every once in a while from some old friends, but for the most part, she's
 out of heart and out of mind.  I regret a lot of what I felt and what I
 did... I wish I could have just enjoyed the times I was around her, instead
 of turning off and shutting myself off, too afraid to be hurt.  Maybe
 something might have developed between us.  Maybe we'd still be friends.

        "I want to keep this feeling deep inside of me... I want you always
        in my heart... you are everything..."

        I had done a pretty good job of packing away all those memories I had
 of those times. Whenever she was mentioned, I would remember, but I had a
 very detached view of it all.  I didn't think about how it felt to see her
 and someone else romping around.  I didn't remember all the times I just
 wanted to grab her and kiss her.  I didn't remember all the late nights on
 the phone with her. I just remembered her, and the few kosher moments we did
 have together.

        But I was reminded, once more, of all I felt and did when I found an
 mp3 of The Cure song, "Halo," on a random mp3 site.  It was a B-side off of
 one of their albums that had a limited amount of air play, then sort of just
 disappeared.  I was never a huge enough fan to own any Cure singles, but I
 had recorded this song off of the radio and put it repeating on a 60 minute
 tape.  And quite a few afternoons in the year of 1993, I would sit in my
 room, looking up at the ceiling, listening to this song.  It embodied every
 way I felt about that girl.  How completely innocent I was, thinking love
 was just this absolute perfection without any tarnishes or cracks.

        "I never felt like this with anyone before... you fill my head full
        of rainbows... and all the rainbows end is every step you take...
        just to be with you forever..."

        It was a completely sappy song, and I was a completely sappy person
 then.  It would take another few years of being hurt over and over again,
 and neglecting the ones who actually cared about me, until I realized what
 relationships are about for me.  When I realized this, I was finally able to
 settle down and have something meaningful with Rachel.

        The last six months with Rachel have been wonderful.  I never thought
 I could feel as happy with a relationship as I did.  No matter what happened
 in our lives, I was entirely confident we'd have each other.  No one could
 take that away from us.

        No one, of course, except ourselves.

        I don't know if I've gone wrong somewhere.  Whether I haven't been as
 caring as I've needed to be.  Whether I haven't paid enough attention to her
 and made her feel special.  I thought I was doing a lot better.  I thought I
 was doing what I was supposed to be doing.

        I don't know what I'm supposed to do anymore.

        She is very infatuated with another guy.  She loves me, she needs me,
 she cares about me, but she doesn't feel that spark that you feel when
 you're infatuated with someone.  Infatuation doesn't make any sense; you
 can't put tangible reason or logic onto it.  It just is.  And she "is" with
 someone else right now.

        And I'm more scared than I've been in a long, long time.  Because,
 now, I love Rachel.  I've been saying it for 3 years, but now I know what
 I've been saying.  I know that Rachel is what I want.  But I have no idea
 what it will take to get her to realize that I'm here.

        It's like it's 1993 all over again.  Only this time, I'm not
 infatuated.  I know who I'm dealing with.  But I thought I knew who I was
 dealing with before, too.  And I thought I was in love.  And I thought this
 person was going to be the person for me, that I wanted to spend the rest of
 my life with.

        The situation might be different, but it's 1993 all over again.  And
 I still don't have any clue on what to do.  Do I try as hard as I can to
 show her how much I care?  Do I back off, and give her space?  I can't give
 her space; she comes to me as her best friend.  And I can't show her how
 much I really care, because she won't really understand right now; her
 feelings are elsewhere.  I can't win.  I can't win.

        I watch people, and I talk them through their problems, and I've
 noticed that a lot of people have very obvious cycles.  I really hope that
 this isn't mine, or I'm going to be a very miserable person all of my life.

        She had a matinee show today, and she's been gone since one.  And
 it's now six-thirty, so that means she went out with the cast somewhere.
 And every time she goes out with the cast, I wonder if she's one day closer
 to our total emotional separation.  And she'll be home soon, and probably
 nothing will have happened, and she'll be very upset and confused and mad
 that she feels this way.  But I'm so afraid.  Just so, so afraid.  And I
 think about how I used to convince myself that I was the happiest person in
 the world, how being in love is such a treasure, and that it's something I'd
 never compromise.  And, as much pain as it brings me, I still feel that way.
 But that doesn't stop it from hurting.

        "I want to keep this feeling deep inside of me... I want you always
        in my heart... you are everything..."

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(
                                 - FICTION -
 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "Personal Choice"
 by -- Killarney

        He told me last week that we couldn't be happy until we knew. Last
 month he told me that we couldn't be happy until we knew, but that was a
 different thing. I told him three days ago that I knew that when we knew,
 we'd find something else to make us tentative and scared and on a fucking
 precipice.

        My whole life in these past couple of years has been on the edge of
 knowing. And I have come to the conclusion that all knowledge can break you.

        And lately, I've been seeking that knowledge alone.  Everything from
 the physical things to the meta of the same.  Today, I walk past the
 abortion clinic a block from my house to the drugstore a block further.  A
 woman in a lazy straw hat pushes at me a large poster board bearing a
 picture of a fetus and some words on it.  The words are blurry.  I'm not
 crying, but something shades my sight.  It's this bothersome determination,
 my quest for this knowledge.  He is at work.  I am alone.

        I throw my purchase on the counter, and the clerk makes a low "Oh"ing
 sound.  I've dreaded this from her, but am surprised that she does it.
 Somewhere I thought that Payless clerks had no souls.  They were like those
 animals that are in your dreams, you know the ones.  They're in Far Side
 comics a lot, wolves and monsters with neither pupil nor iris.  Just white.
 Cloudy white.  And you could buy three boxes of condoms, a can of
 whipped cream and a 10 foot tarp and they wouldn't flinch, they'd just ask
 for your money and make your change with stalwart unshaking hands.  And so I
 expected this 50-some year old woman with the Brooklyn accent and the French
 Manicure to be at least slightly neutral, if not sensitive.  Somewhere I'd
 ranked her in confidence, like a psychologist or a clinic doctor.  I'd put
 that trust in her.  So yes. I am surprised.

        I walk past the abortion clinic again.  I don't want to look at the
 woman and weigh my chances of being hit by a car for not looking in her
 direction to check for one.  I decide to risk it, and as I walk across the
 street, I can feel her looking at me.  She's decided that her message is
 hitting home although I hadn't looked.  She thinks about my past.  She
 steals my reminiscence.  She sees me in high school, and knows that my
 boyfriend pressured me then to rid my body of its product.  She laments my
 generation.

        I never had a boyfriend in high school.

        I'm one of those women that is mortified when she must buy feminine
 products at the store.  I usually walk around the store, once or twice,
 figuring that there's something else I can buy to pad the bill, put
 something else on the printed receipt.  I don't feel that now, partly
 because I'll wager that fewer women love their participation in
 menstruation than those that love their participation in the population.
 And when it came to this part of my body, my mother taught me well.  Taught
 me that if at no other time, that things having to do with that part of me
 should be kept a secret, should make me nervous and quiet and subdued.

        So he told me we'd be happy when we knew.  He's always telling me
 that.  He told me that we'd be happy when we knew whether we'd been accepted
 for our apartment.  Who the fuck is he kidding?  If we found out we
 couldn't, he would not have been happy.  There's no doubt about that.  And
 there's no doubt he'd be a little askew if I found out differently than we
 hoped on this ordeal.

        Somewhere, I hate that.  But somewhere, it's endearing.

        These things are ridiculous.  I mean, truly and all of a sudden 
 mortifyingly ridiculous.  Even if I am alone.  Perhaps they're more
 mortifying because I am humiliated that I have to do this.  My black kitten
 cocks his head at me curiously and I blush, I fucking blush, I blush my 
 mother's blush and shut the bathroom door.

        Five minutes later I'm calling him to tell him he can be happy, truly
 happy.  Not the kind of happy that can come with the knowledge, but the kind
 that comes with the answer he wants to hear.

        I hang up the phone.  I curl up into a fetal position on the couch,
 cry for twenty minutes, and get up to throw the urine-soaked stick away.
 One line.  I smile wearily at the little printed package insertion that
 tells me I can call registered nurses weekdays from eight a.m. until
 eight-thirty in the evening.

        It's Saturday.

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "Nights Like This"
 by -- DisordeR
 
         I remember nights like this, sometimes in great detail.  Sitting
 on the hood of my car reading a novel under a streetlight.  Letting myself
 become part of the book, being one of the characters.  Cars would pass
 and the pale outline of faces in the passenger side would be clear to
 me for a passing second.  Looks of curiosity passing by one after 
 another as a parade only I see. Another page and another minute pass by,
 now a part of me to some degree. Gentle breeze on a cool night almost
 flips the page for me. A newfound sense of purity in a world waiting
 to rush by.

         I remember nights before those, spent with the only other person
 in the world I cared about. At night sitting on top of the building
 we lived in. Wrapped up in a blanket to shelter ourselves from the
 freezing wind. We looked out across the sea of the town population,
 marvelling at the shimmering lights from thirty floors up.  Everything
 was so tranquil below us, while our time spent above was everything.
 Sitting behind her, wrapped around as if one, never wanting the night
 to end.

         I remember nights farther back, sitting in a car with the windows
 cracked, waiting in anticipation. My partner and I waiting hours at a
 time, hoping things would go exactly as planned. Stepping out of the car and
 having the crisp breeze crash against our faces, the best way to wake
 us up and focus on the business at hand. Minutes after that, enjoying the
 rewards of a weeks worth of planning and the satisfaction of a thorough
 job being done. Not for the money, not for loot, only for the thrill of
 beating some system of some building out there.

         I remember other nights spent entirely in front of a computer
 screen. Chatting with friends in one window, reading mail in another.
 The exihlaration of invading another computer system driving you on
 to find new machine, new networks, new worlds. Not giving a rat's ass
 about whose privacy you are invading or what law you might be breaking.
 Going from corporation to college to government server in the span
 of an hour.
 
         On nights like this a variety of emotions course through me,
 an unknown method of determination the jury of my actions. Relying on
 the nature of chaos to guide my actions, free will my boundry, and a
 wrecklessness that can only lead to new adventure. What used to be
 random feelings have turned into a requirement of my life. I need
 that feeling every so often as it reminds me of who I am, and what I
 can be.
 
         I remember the nights of pure pain and confusion. The feeling
 of my heart being ripped out and throw at me. Being rejected for the
 supposed last time, remembering the times before it. The callous
 attitude or facial scorn that shows she was just feeling me out, never
 giving me a real chance. Playing with my emotions as if they meant
 nothing to them or anyone else, me included.

         I remember the nights spent in solitude, wondering where
 my girlfriend was and trying to convince myself that she was only out
 with friends, even though I knew otherwise. Every friend of mine had
 come to me and spilled the truth, sparing me no detail. It was for
 my own good despite the pain the short term. I cursed them on those
 nights, only to face realization for days following.

         Nights like this remind me of the six inch metal blade
 getting thrust between my ribs. A million thoughts flashing in my
 mind as the pain seared through me. Warm blood flowed freely down
 my stomach and soaked into the jeans. Unforgettable is an understatement
 for nights like that. Yet I manage to forget it almost every week,
 sometimes even for months. Until nights like this come back around.
 
         On nights like this, I am simply torn. One half of my life is a
 twisted set of bad events that continue to plague me. The other half
 of my life could be used to draft up plans for heaven. In between
 are the nights like this.

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "Sometimes I Wonder"
 by -- Razorblades & Bandaids

        The night is almost over, and I'm still here, and breathing.  I can't
 seem to help or stop that.  I always wonder if you can make yourself die
 just by wishing for it enough.  If you can stop your breath from escaping
 your lips by sheer will power.  I wonder, too, if it's possible to make
 someone fall in love with you.  I think it might be.  Or maybe to convince
 them that they do love you, only to have them realize later that they really
 don't.

        I feel like I don't know anything anymore.  I wonder if I ever did.
 Everything is warped and twisted in my mind.  I do things to subtly let
 someone know, anyone, that I'm not okay.  Because I'm really not.  And that
 is why I have this need to make people leave me, to make them feel repelled
 by me, to make them go away from me.  If I can't stand to be in my own skin,
 how can they stand to touch it?

        This guy at work, Nathan, touches me sometimes.  Not in any
 "forbidden" places, only my ankles, shoulders and sometimes my arms.  I like
 that, but I don't like him.  Not in that way.  I don't honestly like anyone
 in that way.  I just like the comfort of someone being there, I guess.

        He's my boyfriend.  Sometimes.  Only when I feel like having one.
 Which isn't very often.  He asked me a week ago.  I said yes for a reason I
 couldn't remember 10 minutes later.  I think because it was easier than
 saying no.

        I ignore him most of the time, won't even look at him.  He bothers
 me, annoys me, makes me feel stupid.  All the things I hate.  He's always
 staring at me.  I cannot stand anyone looking at me for any long period of
 time.  I can't fathom why they would want to.

        Last Saturday while waiting in the bus stop, I passed the time by
 writing song lyrics on the mist on the windows.  He was there with me,
 waiting, watching me.

        "Every time I think of you, I feel so dead inside."

        "Suicide is the most sincere form of self-criticism."

        I did the second one to shock him.  To show him I'm not okay, and to
 make him go away.  He didn't.  Not yet, but he will soon.  I can make him.
 I've always thought I had this ability to make people hate me and not want
 to be around me.  And I do.  Everyone does.  Just as you can manipulate
 someone into telling you they love you, you can get them to tell you they
 hate you.

        On Monday, I worked with Keith, who is my new idol.  Nathan came over
 to help us, for some reason.  That bothered me a lot, and I ignored him for
 most of the night.  It made me feel like he thought I couldn't do my job.  I
 have this independence that kicks in at random times.

        I was in a bad mood, for the above reason.  I took my break at 6:30
 and bought a NY Post on the way to the cafeteria.  I saw John Starks on the
 back cover, and my face broke in an instant, stupid grin (because I'm
 obsessed with him).  All through my break, I just kept staring at him,
 oblivious to everyone, including Nathan who sat across the table from me.
 (In my girlfriend-ly duties, I sit with him on my breaks.  I sit there and
 read whatever I brought with me, ignoring him, but sitting with him,
 nonetheless.)

        So Keith is my new idol, and as I said, we worked together Monday.
 It was slow, so I was standing by the machine, twirling a steak knife into
 my arm.  Not cutting, just leaving a mark.  He came over and gave me a weird
 look.  Then he showed me marks on his arm where he tried to kill himself.
 He had the guts to try.  I don't.  He is my idol.

        I also had this conversation worked out in my head if anyone should
 ask me what I was doing.

        "What are you doing?" they would say.

        "Practicing," I would reply in a dead voice.

        It didn't work that way.  One of the waitresses asked me, and I just
 shrugged and said I was bored.

        Some days I hate my words.  On rare days, I hate everyone else's
 words, too.  Which isn't good because I sometimes pretend to be a writer.

        In The Bell Jar, another new obsession, Esther says she can't sleep,
 write, or read anymore.

        I can't sleep.  Or I choose not to.

        I can't write, at least not very good.

        I can read, but it makes me sad because I realize that I can't, and
 never will write as good as whoever's words I'm reading can.

        But I still write.  In hopes of saying something beautiful, and
 moving.  But sometimes I wonder if it'll ever happen.

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "Gone Missing"
 by -- Basehead

        There came a time in the young boy's life when he needed more than
 the whispering wind in the trees, and the company of his imaginary friends.
 He needed something to be immersed in, something that would swallow him
 whole.

        The times he sat among the autumn leaves and the branches and cradled
 the thought of this object were his pride and joy.  The rain gods heard the
 conversations he had with himself, and were displeased.  They rained down on
 his private moments and sent him fleeing into the house for shelter.

        Everything the boy owned refused to move of its own free will.  He
 cursed his bike and his toys and his mattress, but they heard nothing.
 Three large dolls that sat upright in three chairs around a small table in
 the corner stared blankly, their button eyes showing no signs of life.  When
 he poked about their eyes and neck, shouting, they just slouched and sagged
 lower and lower in their seats, and their expressions of sardonic amusement
 remained fixed.

        At night the clouds settled into thick white pillows on which sat
 stale air and the cries of beasts too numerous and frightful to calm the
 boy's racing mind.  He sometimes imagined one of the great black horned cats
 with its red eyes would hop on to his windowsill and pad across the floor to
 where he lay in bed, only to vanish when it might have been upon him
 instead.  He left the windows wide open each night, and when he awoke, he
 tasted the stale air in his lungs and prayed night had passed.

        When snow came, it brought no joy, only a chill so great that the boy
 needed to bundle up in bed to avoid freezing to death.  He knew the
 winterbirds would come soon, and he thought how he might sit upon the place
 where the autumn leaves once were, his breath puffing clouds of condensation
 in the air, and wait for one to land on his finger.  Then he would capture
 it in a tin he'd made for his new friend, holes poked in the lid, and tell
 it to sing for him when he became restless.

        No winterbirds came.  At least, none landed on his finger and so he
 walked among the hills blanketed in white, his small footsteps getting lost
 in the drifts, until he could barely see the chimney of his house.  There he
 lay on his back, making snow angels, and wishing one would come to claim
 him.

        Much to the boy's delight, the days became longer (slowly, but
 surely) and the snow turned to rain, and he could no longer hear the
 winterbirds.  Sitting in the stone doorway on the porch, he enjoyed the
 bright sky, and when dusk settled he saw fleeting lines of dissipating late
 shoot across the brightness like comets, and in his mind's eye he imagined a
 great many witches on their magic sticks, sprinkling the night down on him
 little by little, and he was comforted in his coming to believe that someone
 else was aware of his existence.

        The sun baked the ground now and the frozen lakes thawed.  The boy
 would crawl out onto the pond on all fours and try to find a weak spot, all
 the while imagining the great icy underworld he might find beneath, filled
 with sights and beings and happenings that would amaze and astonish him.
 There would be the first telling crack, then they came faster and faster,
 and suddenly that great world beyond was not what he'd expected and he
 wished himself onto the shore.  Somehow he would wake up shivering and damp
 and clammy in his bed, and there would be a fire going.  When he became
 hungry he might have called out but he knew it wouldn't matter.

        More than once the boy made attempts to conquer the highest trees he
 could find.  There would be many other houses and boys like himself, he
 thought, if he could only make it to the top of the highest tree and look
 around.  No matter how high he climbed, there seemed to be one more branch
 above him on which to step, and he became too tired to climb any higher.
 Wearily, he descended and he thought he could see woodland creatures racing
 across the ground below the tree and he stepped down and down further as
 fast as he could in hopes that he might follow one to its home or where it
 fed, and live as it lived, for he was tired of living his own life.  There
 would be nothing to follow when he hurdled the last branch and stood on the
 soft mud at the base of the trees.

        When the nights grew to greater proportions, both in darkness and in
 length, and the foliage about him turned all the colors of the rainbow, he
 wondered if he might again challenge the rain gods to take away the only
 thing that brought him satisfaction.  He still longed for that feeling of
 total immersion, however damaged his dreams had become over the past year.

        It was perhaps that day or a day very near to it that the boy felt
 older than his years.  He would not find happiness in the places he was
 searching, and so he set off on foot in a straight line toward the sinking
 sun, and he left his world behind.

        The papers would speak of tragedy, but the young man knew better.

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "Growing Up Dead"
 by -- Zilla

        I recall 1980 with a kind of pre adolescent "the monster under the
 bed" kind of queasiness.  We learned in school to get under the desk if the
 bomb was dropped, if the Evil Empire descended, and decided to destroy our
 run down elementary that was filled with assembly line workers kids. I would
 pray to God at night that he wouldn't let me die, lying there in my cot,
 with my Superman poster inches from my head, that the Russians wouldn't
 launch a bomb and destroy my family while we slept.   My mortality stared me
 in the face but I couldn't find a name for it, right away.

        Then, my father died. I had made him a tie out of paper for fathers
 day, just before school got out.  He never wore a tie, or that tie, except
 to be buried in.   There was a stillness in my house.  Late at night, I'd
 get up and wander, hearing my mother toss and turn in her nightmares, in her
 lunacy, and I would check on my tiny brother and sister to confirm that they
 still breathed.  I guarded their slumber, as I guarded their waking hours,
 as though the very world depended on their survival.

        My father was 20 years older then my mother, and the baby of his
 family.  I wound my way through the eighties watching the aunts and uncles,
 who were more like grandparents to me, die off.  Funerals became a guilt
 march for the living.  Open casket funerals were a living nightmare.

        I spent the summer following my father's death in my cowboy boots.
 Each morning I would get up, eat breakfast, and get on my bike.  My bike was
 everything to me, a pink Huffy with a butterfly seat.  It took me away from
 the pain, it took me away from the overwhelming responsibilities that were
 hung on my eight year old frame without my permission.  I fell off that
 fucking bike at least a hundred times that summer, and my knees still bear
 the scars.  Now it feels like my own initiation into adulthood and pain.  I
 was daring God to kill me as he had killed my father as I sped down the
 hills surrounding my house with my feet on the handle bars, tasting for a
 moment (till I crashed) no fear, knowing only exhiliration, knowing death
 and life.

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(

 "The 4:30 AM Onslaught"
 by -- Jook

 1.

	Sitting at my computer with my fingers hanging over the keys of the
 keyboard, waiting for an inspiration on the next line to write or the next
 word to change, thoughts from the incident (I'm not real sure what to call
 it) hung over my head like the eternal noose waiting for its next suicide
 victim.  I cannot explain to myself how strange it was last night when
 there in my uncomfortable squeaky wooden chair I closed my eyes and what I
 had just written overcame me.  I honestly don't remember anything like this
 happening since I was young, maybe eight or nine.  I remember playing with
 my friends in the afternoon after school was out, kickball or four square.
 I would hear music in the back of my head and I would just stop playing with
 my friends and walk away.  I always used to ask what would pull me away from
 my friends and why I would just walk away.  I was eight, I had no real
 understanding of anything.  The world knew more of me than I knew of it.
         I didn't sleep very well last night after I had closed my eyes.  My
 eyes were shut, but the night continued on around me, dancing in circles
 around my head, telling me that it was insulted that I dare tried to sleep
 on a night like this after what had just overcome me.  Laying in my bed, my
 body tired from the evening, Anna called.  Anna said it freaked her out when
 she called me because "I was totally out of it at 4:23 AM."  She also told
 me I kept saying random things like "WHY ARE YOU ANGRY AT ME?  DID YOU ENJOY
 YOUR DAD TODAY.  I MISS YOU.  I WISH I COULD BE THERE."  I didn't say a word
 about what had happened earlier that evening.  It was 4:23 am, after all.
        Anna isn't around much, though.  Her hours at Aldi's have increased
 from like 40 to 55 hours a week now that they've opened the store up until
 10:30 during the week, 11:30 on the weekends.  The last time we went out,
 well, it was interesting.  We were walking down the shoreline of Lake
 Michigan when we came to the water fountain where we had kissed for the
 first time a year ago.  We stopped to get a sip of water, and after she had
 taken a sip, I leaned over to give her a peck on the cheek we when all of
 the sudden she just pushed me away in disgust.
        "Anna?" I said to her, the light of the moon catching her nose
 piercing as the sparkle pierced my heart.
        "Atlas, I just don't feel like kissing right now," she said to me.
 Looking at Anna, I realized she was wearing the same insanely yellow shirt
 she was wearing when we first bumped into each other.  Anna has been around
 in my life for about a year and a half now.  We met when I was picking up a
 2 liter of Dr. Pepper up at the Printer's Row Market grocery store, on sale
 for 89 cents.  She was buying ingredients for turkey tacos:  ground turkey,
 lettuce, tomatoes, cheese, taco sauce, & light sour cream.  I was standing
 in the corner of the store, talking to this guy when I caught her butterfly
 beauty from the corner of my eye.  She dropped the ground turkey, lettuce,
 tomatoes, cheese, taco sauce, and light sour cream.  I dropped my 2 liter of
 Dr. Pepper.
        "Hi, I'm..."
        "I'm Anna," she obstructed.  "You're real cute.  I'm Anna.  You wanna
 eat turkey tacos with me?  I see you have Dr. Pepper.  I like Dr. Pepper.
 Wanna eat turkey tacos and drink Dr. Pepper with me tonight?  I'm Anna.  Did
 I say that?  I forget what I say a lot.  I'm Anna!"
        "Yeah, I know you're Anna.  But that's okay.  And I'd love turkey
 tacos.  Ground beef is for fuckin' animals."
        "It's nice to hear that someone else thinks so, too.  If you ate
 ground beef," she said, "I'd have to eat you."  Her curly, strawberry red
 hair bounced up and down like a room full of tripped up ravers as she ran
 her fingers through the back of it.  As words fell out of her mouth directly
 into my heart, the colors around me washed away.  She wore that insanely
 bright yellow shirt that I loved because it was so cute with her strawberry
 red hair, but I hated it at the same time because I kept wondering if she
 liked to eat bananas.  Her body had a nice, full feel to it.  Something you
 could hug and cuddle with and not worry about smothering.  Her cargo pants
 hung off her hips and her maroon boots made me want to kiss her feet.  I'm
 also pretty sure she wasn't wearing a bra, but I don't really know.  It was
 our first date.  Well, would become our first date.
        "I wouldn't want you to eat me," I said.  "Then we couldn't share the
 Dr. Pepper."
	"Who's stopping me from drinking your Dr. Pepper after I ate your
 cannibalistic ass."
        "Oh, yeah.  You're probably right."
	"Hell, yeah."
	"I don't eat meat, though."
        "Oh, yeah.  I guess I don't have to eat you then.  I'm Anna, by the
 way."
	"I know, I'm Atlas."
	She picked up her taco ingredients and I picked up my 2 liter of Dr.
 Pepper.
        After pausing for a moment, she turned to me with this quizzical look
 and said to me, "Atlas, this light sour cream expired three months ago."
        It was love that night in the grocery store.  And even thought that
 grocery store was only a mile away, the love that we felt that night was a
 million more.  We sat by the shore of Lake Michigan as we stared at the
 docked up boats in the rough, souless waters of the windy night.  A runner
 passed by us.  A couple walked by, hand and hand, the woman resting her head
 on his shoulder as she felt his hand solidly hold hers.  An hour or so had
 passed since I had tried to kiss her by the fountain.  Neither of us spoke
 during that hour.  We just sat and listened to the world pass by us as we
 wished it would stop so things could be the same as they once were.  Well,
 at least I was thinking that.  Maybe she was thinking about how she wanted
 the world to speed up so she could be through with this part.  "So you don't
 feel like kissing?" I asked.
	"No," she said.

 2.

        That was like last Tuesday.  It's Friday now.  Poetry radio is on
 now.  Some beatnik wannabe is reading from Howl -- and other Poems, by
 Ginsberg on the local NPR station.  "...who created great suicidal dramas on
 the apartment cliff banks of the Hudson under the wartime blue floodlight
 of the moon..."  The poetry ended and a station ID played, "You're listening
 to Chicago NPR, 89.1 WGLR."  A muted trumpet played some light jazz, hitting
 a high note a little off key.  The music played, filling my room, filling my
 head.
        Looking at my monitor in front of me, the cursor blinked again and
 again and again.  The fucking cursor kept blinking.  WHY WON'T THE CURSER
 STOP BLINKING.  Finally, an inspiration.  The click-clacking of the
 keyboard began to fill the room, the delete key sticking for a moment every
 time I misspelled a word.  I began to fade out.  I closed my eyes to look
 for a better view.  Blue, blue, blue, red, red, a little bit of orange,
 there's a bit of yellow to the right.  There's some pink in the upper right
 hand corner of my eye.  It looks like a scene from a Warhol painting that a
 tank, World War II style, with paint thinner on the wheels, drove over.  I
 can't see a whole lot.  The words began to melt into images.  Images I could
 see.  Images I could escape to, moments to escape from.

        Taking a swig of milk to aide the digestive process of the molasses
 and peanut butter sandwich she was eating on her break, Fedide looked around
 the diner.
        320 pound John (owner of the Melrose Park Diner) 18 well set tables
 18 bottles of ketchup 18 pepper shakers 17 salt shakers (one was stolen last
 week) 12 packages of napkins up on the shelf 9 broken glasses sitting on the
 far table waiting to be glued back together 9 bottles of mustard (not very
 many people like mustard in Melrose Park) 3 waitresses 2 cooks 1 portrait of
 Jesus hanging above the register 1 autographed picture of Bob Dole, signed
 on his tour across the USA in '96 and 1 tattered copy of the big city
 newspaper, _The Chicago Tribune_, to boot.
        "Nothing changes around here," she said while reaching down for her
 glass of milk.  A strand of hair fell in front of her eye as she put her
 glass down on the table.  She waved her hand in her face as she did this
 cute little thing, scrunching her nose, shaking her head back and forth.
        Fedide sunk into her cushioned seat that had been warn down through
 time and the many family visits by the locals of Melrose Park.  Her
 cushioned seat was colored the color of lipstick this girl I used to know
 with a questionable reputation wore.  Everyone knows the color.  It's like
 the color of your face when you fall in love for the first time.  Yeah, that
 red.  A cigarette hung from her mouth, with just the very end hanging off
 the bottom of her lip, like a rope about to snap.  Her head hung so low it
 was about to fall off.  She's what you'd call the attractive type.  Nothing
 like that girl with the red lipstick, she was ugly.  This girl -- she was
 pretty.

        Images began to fade back into the words on the screen.  Nothing good
 last forever, right?  The reds, oranges, and the other multitude of colors
 quickly fell into the oblivion of wasted dreams, lost hopes, and forgotten
 aspirations.  Once again, I sat at my desk, waiting.
        I look at my scratched up Swatch watch.  4:05 am it read.  The
 scratches on the face of the watch are beginning to bother me.  The leather
 band on it bothers me, too.  It makes my wrist smell real, real bad, like
 urine or something.  Only problem is that Swatch watches have these 2 extra
 pin holes so not any normal watch band will go on a Swatch watch.  The Swiss
 are weird like that.  I got it as a Christmas gift 2 years ago.  I want it
 to look nice, you know?
        Bela should be calling sometime soon.  He knows I'm up about four.  I
 wondered out of my bedroom for what seemed like the first time in about
 eight years.  I stepped over the pile of printouts that I had been editing
 for my piece that was supposed to be in next months Word  but never got
 published because I just started to sleep too much.  "Atlas, your story was
 due yesterday."  Fuck, I told them.  Next month, I'll get it done by next
 month.  The white walls of the kitchen actually looked nice today after the
 decent cleaning and wipe down from a couple of days ago.  Other than the
 pile of papers, the place looked halfway decent these days.  For Anna?
 Maybe -- maybe not - it was clean, though, and that's all that was
 important.  I seemed to be inspired more when it is clean around here.
 While pouring a glass of OJ, the phone rang. Holding it between my ear and
 my shoulder, I continued to pour my OJ.
        "Hey.  This is Atlas Guerrero," I said.
        "Atlas, my BUD.  What's up?  I'm coming over."
        "No, no.  You can't do that, Bela.  I'm writing.  And thinking.
 Writing and thinking.  Writing and thinking."
        "Oh.  Uh.  Okay.  What do you mean you're 'thinking'?"
        "Uh, nothing.  It's too weird to explain, especially over the phone.
 It's just one of those things."  My shorts began to fall down my legs as I
 walked over to the fridge to put away the OJ.  This always happens when I
 don't wear a belt.  They're too damn big in the first place, but they last
 longer that way. "Bela, I need to get a belt, can you hold a second?"
	"Just let me come over."
        "No, no, no.  I told you no.  Something funny happened yesterday,
 though. I was walking down the street to White Hen.  I was real, real hungry
 and Anna hadn't brought back any groceries from work, so I tore apart the
 entire apartment searching for twelve cents so I could by the Ramen that was
 on sale.  I found four cents behind the toilet, three in the toaster, and a
 nickel underneath my computer.  I grabbed my green hooded jacket, my Cubs
 hat, the twelve cents, and took off.
	 As I walked down the Chicago streets, I hop-scotched over puddles of
 water that had accumulated over the last couple of days rain.  I thought
 about Anna.  So she didn't want to kiss me.  Big deal.  Every one feels like
 that sometimes, right?  Maybe.  I looked ahead and finally saw the apartment
 complex that the Pantry was connected to.
        Across the street from White Hen Pantry is a small park where 9-5'ers
 go to walk their dog, where old men play chess at stone chess tables and
 benches while getting shit on by birds, where students from the local art
 school take pictures of random objects to fulfill their latest projects, and
 where film students film their subjects in aluminum foil.  It's quite the
 park.
        I opened the front door to the apartment, to the right was the
 Pantry.  Large white signs with brown letters hung in the windows
 advertising the current sales. 

        "White Hen Pantry - Corned Ham - $4.59 each - good until 4/4/98." 

        "White Hen Pantry - Ramen Noodles - $.12 per package - good until
 4/4/98."

        "White Hen Pantry - Royal Crown Cola - 2 Liter - $.05 each - sale
 never ends."

        "Good lord," I said, "twelve cents is such an amazing price for Ramen
 in the city."  I quickly walked in, brushing past the corned ham and RC Cola
 and grabbed my Ramen.  With a sense of attitude, and who wouldn't have
 attitude if they found a deal like this, I walked up to the cashier.
	"That all you want?" the stocky, made for TV clerk asked me, starring
 directly not at me, but the TV to the right.
	"Yea, all I need is my Ramen anyway."
        "Alright.  Have a nice day."  She took my money and bagged the single
 helping of Ramen and put it in a plastic, reusable bag.
	"Atlas, what's wrong with buying Ramen?" Bela asked me.
        "That's not the bad part, Bela.  When I got home, I looked at the
 Ramen, I smelled the Ramen.  And I tell you what, it was bad Ramen."
	"Atlas, there's no such thing as bad Ramen."
        "Yes, Bela, there is.  This was bad Ramen.  It smelled like bad
 Ramen, it looked like bad Ramen, and I'm damn sure if I tasted it, it would
 have been bad Ramen.  So, I walked back to White Hen Pantry and proceeded to
 tell the woman at the counter she sold me bad Ramen."
	"What'd she say?"
	"That Ramen can't go bad."
	"That's what I said, too."
	"Yeah, well, I didn't like the way she said it, so I kicked the Slush
 Puppie machine, spilling Slush Puppie syrup all over the floor."
	"That's not so bad, Atlas."
        "Well, the Slush Puppie machine kept spilling out more and more
 syrup.  It was so magical.  They offer every possible Slurpee flavor
 there -- Grape, Orange, Cherry, Pena Colada, Bubble Gum, White Cherry, etc,
 etc, etc.  So, the syrup just kept coming and coming and a flood of biblical
 proportions was swallowing up the White Hen Pantry.
        "Mmmm.  Atlas. That's not good."
        "The police let me go.  Said I was having a fit and all I had to do
 was pay for a new Slurpee dispenser."
        "I'll agree with them on that one.  I don't think you handle tough
 situations very well, Atlas."
        "Bela, I did it 'cause I was angry that they gave me bad Ramen.
 There's nothing wrong with that."
        "I suppose not.  Not like my fit last week, though.  I went last
 Monday for 2 1/2 hours.  No one said anything.  Got a few stares when I was
 talking about the Cubs game last week.  They lost you know.  To the Marlins.
 Bonilla played real bad, he's too fat I think.  Tuesday I went back in for
 another 3 hours.  I was talking about the history of the Cubs and why they
 aren't ever going to win ever again because the death of Harry Carry is the
 end of the slow, painful death the baseball in America has been going
 through, which began with the earthquake during the Oakland/San Francisco
 World Series in '89.  I kept yelling 'I'm fat!  I'm fat!' at random times,
 too.  After awhile they got sick of me, threw packets of oyster crackers at
 me, and threw me out."
	"Well, at least you didn't cause a flood of biblical proportions."
        "Yeah, that's true.  You don't really know how to handle situations
 very well."
	"Sure I do."
        "But you kicked over a fucking Slurp..."
	"Slush Puppie."
        "Fine, you kicked over a fucking Slush Puppie machine and destroyed
 an entire mini-mart. Don't you think that's an inappropriate way to handle a
 problem?" 
	"They gave me bad Ramen, though."
        "I don't care if they gave you bad Ramen, Atlas, you just shouldn't
 do that sort of stuff."
        "Whatever!  I'm just fine, Bela.  Just fine!"
	I hung up the phone and leaned back against the refrigerator thinking
 about what happened with Anna.  Anna could have kissed me that day by the
 Lake.  It wouldn't have killed her to at least comfort me.  I closed my eyes
 again and look for the next image to come to my head.  I walked back to my
 room.  The tapping of the keys begin again and the images began to dance
 around me again.

        Fedide began to sing.  Her voice was like a girl who still had faith
 in the world.  Clear, crisp, beautiful.  "Night, hello/ Won't you take me
 where you think I oughta go/ And tell me what you think I need to know/
 Won't you wrap me up like a baby and carry me out to the sea/ And make me
 who you think I oughta be..."  Her voice filled the diner, turning the
 heads of the construction workers sitting at the table across the way.  She
 dressed casually, but classy.  Black tank top.  She wore a skirt with
 various pieces of fabrics sown together to make for a rainbow of a skirt.
 Brown hair.  Her face is more round than the "typical" beautiful woman.
 Her skin a little darker.  Her hair pulled back as tight as possibly,
 except for that single strand that was hanging in front of her eye.
 Various pieces of jewelry decorated her body, highlighting her beauty even
 more.  A single piece of petosky stone carved into the shape of a cross
 hung from her neck and rings on each finger of her right hand, none on her
 left.
        Men come to the diner just to watch her work, she was that beautiful.
 This boy Fedide went to high school with would spend evenings at the diner,
 sitting, drinking iced tea, watching Fedide move, slowly and gracefully, as
 she picked up dirty dishes from her tables, and swept up random pieces of
 food from the dirty, dirty floor, and he would watch her slowly breathe as
 she tried to keep herself going after working ten hours that day with four
 more to go.  He would watch her as she picked up her tips.  He would watch
 her wipe the sweat off her forehead, her cheeks, and sit for a second to
 contemplate just what in the world she is doing in a dive like this.  He
 would watch her, over and over again, because she was who she was and she
 was perfect.
        "George," Fedide yelled across the diner to her co-worker.  "Get me a
 turkey sandwich.  Mayo.  Sprouts.  Cheddar cheese.  Lettuce.  The other
 sandwich didn't fill me up."
        "Anything else?"
        "Nah, that's it."

        Mmm.  There's some blue again.  More blue.  More blue.  More blue.  A
 dab of green.  Red, red, red.  The colors are blending.  Blue to green green
 to black black to black black to red.  My eyes close.  My eyes open.  The
 keys aren't taping anymore.  The cursor blinks.  The cursor continues to
 blink.  Everything isn't alright.  Everything isn't okay.

 3.

        Anna, Bela and I sat in the Harrison Red Line EL.  To the left of me
 was Anna, to the right, Bela, who was chewing on his thumb and a sore that
 had been bugging him for days.  He continued to bite at it until a drop of
 blood appeared.  The single drop seemed to hang from his thumb, as if it was
 frozen.  As the next second went by, though, the single drop of blood fell
 in slow motion, hitting the floor of the CTA stop, splattering all over the
 ground.
        The train heading south was coming.  CLICK CLACK CLICK CLACK, was
 heard.  Sparks hit the cement.  The train came to a stop and like a sun's
 rays pouring into a fresh room in the early morning, people poured out of
 the EL into the CTA station.  Three of us got onto the train which was about
 half full.  We headed to the back of the train, sitting down in a three
 seater against the back wall.  The conductor's compartment was behind us.  I
 rested my head against the filthy wall of the El, closing my eyes.
        Bela looked at Anna.  "Did Atlas tell you about the Ramen and Slurpee
 incident at the White Hen Pantry?  Did he tell you about the mess he made?"
        "Bela, shut the fuck up.  They have Slush Puppies at White Hen Pantry
 not Slurpees," I replied. 
	"Tell me about the Ramen and Slush Puppie story," Anna asked me.
        "It's not a very good story," I tell her, "You'd be bored."  I wanted
 her to care, and she probably honestly does.
        "Atlas," Bela started, "that rainbow image with the Slurpee
 machine -- it was so beautiful -- and how you set up the exposition of you
 finding the change for the twelve cent package of Ramen was great!"
        "Look, it wasn't my fault that I shut down White Hen Pantry.  THEY
 GAVE ME BAD RAMEN.  If you gave me bad Ramen, you would die too.  Die, I
 tell you, die!"
        "Atlas, god, can't you deal with stuff like this?  Just tell me the
 story."
        "Maybe later."  I wanted to tell her now.
	"No, just tell me now."
        "I don't want to."  Why can't I just tell her now?
        "Well, if you don't really want to, I guess it's okay."
        "No, I do," I said.  Anna had turned her head and began talking to
 Bela before I could begin my story.  Sitting on the other side of the train
 was this woman who looked godly familiar.  She wore these boots that just
 gave me this feeling.  Brown boots that had been worn for many winters.
 Boots that had enjoyed a wonderful life.
        Black, black, black.  When my eyes are shut it's all black.  Open
 them for a second, see the light above me along with the light from my
 monitor and I see red, red, red, blue blue blue, green green green.  I
 imagine I'm at my desk, writing my story.  A single light bulb appeared in
 the imaginary text.

        Laying below a single light bulb that illuminated the entire room,
 Fedide was relaxing, drinking from her reused, recycled Evian bottle.  Her
 breathe was slow, gentle, and peaceful.
	Taking a breath from practicing her violin, sitting against the plain
 white wall, on the plain wooden floor, she thought about the piece at hand.
 Others in the conservatory could be heard practicing down the hall.  Her
 petosky stone cross hung on her black tank top that had been dampened by the
 sweat that had come from the hours of her practicing.
        The blinding sun shone through the window on the far left wall that
 was in the middle of the typical practice room white walls.  Fedide placed
 her left hand over her eyes to forget about the sun so she could take a
 moment to rest, to forget about the piece she was working on.  Her practice
 room was actually quite plain.  There were the white walls and the window,
 but other than that there was her music stand, some folders of hers that
 held her music and her walk man.  Hearing a knock at the door to the
 practice room, Fedide walked over to the door to let me in.
	"Hey Fedide!"
        "Atlas, god, I've been waiting for you.  It's been so long since
 we've talked, held each other."
        "I know," I told her.  "We really need to catch up." Before I knew
 it, she grabbed me and held me around my waist, kissing me.
	"Just kiss me, you nut."

	Off in my own literary world, I was awoke abruptly by Anna's voice.
 "Atlas?  Were you going to tell me something?"
        "Later, Anna.  Later," I told her.
        The El made its way above ground, as I looked to the left, miles and
 miles of the city could be seen all the way to Lake Michigan.  This part of
 town is what I call the "real" Chicago.  2.1 Million people live in this
 city.  Places like these, though, are where the real people live.  Not the
 high rise, condo shit you find down in the loop where I live.  The people on
 the North side of town are a community.  Not a community like everyone knows
 everyone like you might find in LeRoy, Illinois or something, but a
 community in the sense that the people try and understand each other and
 co-exist with each other.  That what I love about this part of the city.
        Bela removed his glasses and wiped his forehead with the back of his
 hand.  The heat had  gotten bad as of late, and always takes it toll on
 Bela; his weight and all.  Round, he is, quite round.  Not fat, because he's
 still quite healthy, because he runs on M-W-F, but he still eats quite a
 lot.
        "God, I'm hot.  I want to get off at Fullerton and go to Clark's to
 get a shake."  I imagined his cheeks getting bigger as we talked, his eyes
 getting smaller and smaller because his face was getting so fat.  Man, he
 should stop eating so much.  His face is so damn fat.  Fat, fat, fat.  I
 could see the ice cream go down his throat, some still on his lips, pouring
 down the side of his fat cheeks, falling down onto his American Eagle
 shirt.
        Anna crossed her legs, putting her right leg over her left.  Her
 skirt was tucked between her legs, hiking her skirt up a tad, revealing her
 pale legs.  Her right sandel dangled off her foot, hours of walking around
 the grocery store could be seen on the bottom of her worn in, callused foot.
        The three of us remained silent the rest of the ride until we reached
 the Fullerton stop.  Getting out of the train that overlooked one of the
 better parts of Chicago.  As Anna walked down the steps of the elevated
 train stop, she looked up at me.  "Atlas, you remember the last time we were
 at Clark's?  You had the chicken sandwich with mayo, bacon, and lettuce and
 I had the roasted chicken salad with the oriental pea pods?"
        We walked east up Fullerton, walking past a couple smooching on a
 bench.  "Yeah, I remember that time.  I munched on my chicken sandwich, you
 chewed on your roasted chicken.  Why don't we do that sort of stuff anymore?
 I miss that."  I felt a pain in my stomach.  "The chicken sandwich was good,
 though.  Maybe I'll get one."
        "Just get pie.  You already had dinner, Atlas.  I want a piece of
 Butterfinger chocolate cake.  MMMMMMM.  I can taste it in my mouth right
 now.  The Butterfinger pieces melting on my tongue.  The chocolate in
 between my teeth."
        "Oh, Anna, please stop.  You're making me sick.  I need to sit down
 for a minute."  The sun was bright today, maybe that's what was making me
 sick.  My shorts stuck to the back of my legs as I sat down on the curb of
 the street.
        "I hate to break this to you, Atlas," Bela started, his cheeks bright
 red from the heat that only seemed to be getting worse, "but I don't feel
 like Clark's anymore."
        Bela.  God, what a fat bastard.  "Bela, what the hell?  You said you
 wanted to get a shake at Clark's." 
        "Yeah, well, I'm getting kind of overweight and I need to start
 exercising more.  I figured I could do without it."
        Anna had been leaning against a phone poll plastered with various
 show posters, but after Bela had stopped talking she walked over and gave
 him a big hug.  "Bela, look, I know it's hard, but I know you can do it."
 Bela looked down at the ground and rubbed his belly.
        "I'm just so fat.  Look at me, Anna.  No guy would ever want me."
 Bela actually began to cry and with every tear Bela and Anna hugged tighter
 and tighter.  Sitting there for a few minutes watching the two of them hold
 each other, I realized that as the people walked by us they saw me sitting
 on the curb and Bela and Anna hugging.  This would appear to anyone that
 they are the ones in love, the ones who are supposed to be together and I'm
 not.  I thought of everything, but something can't be figured out after a
 point.  This situation being one of those times.
        Sitting across the street on a bench that I believe was a bus stop
 was an old man that looked quite tired.  His hair was pretty much gone,
 whatever was left was just single strands of hair on his pale white head.
 He wore a simple black tee-shirt and a pair of gray shorts.  On his feet
 were a pair of walking shoes that looked like the had been worn from walking
 coast to coast, Mass.  To California.  His head was down and he appeared to
 be taking a nap, probably due to exhaustion from walking around the city all
 day.  It was hot, you know.  The front of his shirt was soaked in his sweat.
 Drips of sweat were literally falling off of his face onto the ground, the
 cement of his life.  I imagined the man sweating so much that he flooded the
 city, which would carried him away to a more peaceful place where he could
 walk for as long as he wanted without interruption, without a sense of
 concern for his health.  He could go anywhere he wanted just because he felt
 like it.
        "Atlas, Atlas?" Anna, still holding onto Bela said.  "Bela and I need
 to talk, so lets just head back to your place."
        "Ride back is on me, guys," Bela said, as he pulled out $4.50 from
 his pocket.
        Looking across the street to see the old man again, I noticed he was
 gone.  Walking, obviously. I wonder where to?

 4.

        I awoke the next day in a haze.  It took me a moment to realize where
 I was and who I was.  The afternoon light hit my face.  I shut my eyes to
 block the rays.  Pictures of Fedide resonated throughout my head.  It's 3:15
 now.  Anna is at work and she will be there for a good while.  My left foot
 rested under my dark blue sheets against the tall white walls.  My right
 foot hung off the side of the bed on the carpet, my toes wiggled around
 feeling papers that I had read last night.  I'm imagined Fedide's face about
 an inch away from mine.  Her eyes are closed.  I can hear her breath.  A
 single hair is hanging down from her head, tickling my cheek.  I scrunched
 my nose.
        Sometimes I wonder if anything is the way it is supposed to be.
 Whatever or whomever created us did so by creating creatures, human beings,
 that are so far from perfection that sometimes all one can do is laugh.
 Seriously.  Look at yourself right now, Anna.  Do you know how many
 completely inane things you've done in your life?  Looking up to the
 ceiling, I remember everything about Anna and everything about Fedide.
 Where was peace?  It was but a story, but a dream, but, oh yeah, it was
 peaceful there.  I reached over to the side of my bed and grabbed the staple
 gun that I had put there the other day when I was putting together my story
 to send to my editor.  Putting the staple gun to my arm, I pulled the
 handle.  Moving it up my arm again, I pulled it again.  Again.  Again.
 Again.  Moving the staple gun to my other arm, with blood dripping off my
 arm, I pulled the trigger again, sending another staple into my arm.
 Repeat.  Repeat.  Repeat.  I didn't have enough courage to do it anywhere
 else.  I looked at myself.  What the hell had I done?  Why had I caused
 myself so much pain?  I covered my face with my hands, tears poured down my
 face, mixing with the blood that was on my hands that had dripped from the
 wounds on my arms.
        I closed my eyes, looking for the colors again.  I didn't even need
 the monitor in front of me this time, because I knew the story by heart.
 Red, red, red.  Green, green, green.  Blue, blue, blue.
        "Hey Fedide," I said to myself.  "Let's go for a walk.  To the Lake,
 maybe?" With my eyes closed, I gently feel back asleep, hoping for more than
 just my working imagination.

 5.

        Sitting in front of the tube, with five minutes to Wapner, I heard
 keys outside my door.  Anna was home.  "Atlas, it's 4:11 in the morning.
 What are you doing up?  You know you shouldn't be up this late.  It's bad,
 bad, bad for you."  Throwing my hair back with a flip of my neck, closing my
 eyes for a second because I truly was tired, I grabbed the bags from Anna's
 arms.

	"I've been, uh, watching TV."
	"What have you been watching?"
        I began unpacking the bags Anna carried in, "Uhm, nothing.  Just
 zoning.  Just haven't been able to sleep very well."
        "You've been writing too much, haven't you?  When you write too much
 you get in these moods, like on the train.  Why the fuck wouldn't you tell
 me the story on the train.  I wanted to know, you know."
        Anna was being more impatient than usual tonight.  Her 122 pound
 frame of a body was tired, exhausted -- anyone could tell.  Her red, red
 hair was sweaty, in knots.  Under her eyes were circles the size of the
 entire universe, black as my life.  Anna walked to the window, looking upon
 the city of Chicago.  Jack, a homeless man I met the other day was holding
 onto the light poll because of a real bad windstorm out there tonight.  The
 Streetwise vendor yelled "STREETWISE, STREETWISE, GET YOUR STREETWISE, ONLY
 A SINGLE DOLLAR!"  Anna rested her head on the window, making a sound that
 could only be heard at this time of night, a quiet whimper is heard.  She
 was tired, I knew it, but I wanted to talk to her.  I know she hates when I
 get all moody, but so does she.  Anna is a woman with passion like me.  She
 flies like me, above the world, above the people you walk by in the streets,
 above the so called saints, she loves what she does, she likes this and
 doesn't like that but she still loves it, she tries and tries but sometimes
 she just can't handle it.  Like right now.
        "Atlas.  These moods swings you get when you write too much.  It's
 shit.  Why do you have to do that to me?"
	"Anna."
	"No, why Atlas."
	"You're doing the same thing to me right now, Anna."
	"     ."
        She looked at me with a stare of hatred.
	"I just want to talk, Anna."
	She sat down on the couch next to the window and held out her hand.
 "Atlas, come here," she called.
        "What?  Why?," I asked.  It was 4:29 A.M. as I sat down on the couch.
 As the next second rolled by, at 4:30 am, an onslaught of emotions came
 flowing out of me, out of Anna.  When the flood had dried she was gone.
        Sitting on the couch together, I closed my eyes as I began to fall
 asleep.  Fedide walked up to me as I began to fall asleep.  "Hi, Atlas."  In
 her hand was the stapler from the other night.  She picked my hand up and
 held it in hers.  You love to write, don't you Atlas?"  She shot a staple in
 my right hand.  "Look where it has gotten you."  Another staple to the right
 hand.  "I don't even fucking exist."  A staple to the left.  "You sit there
 and imagine that I do so things can be okay."  Another staple to the left
 hand.  "But I don't, Atlas."  A staple to the right.  Blood.  "You're alone,
 Atlas."  A staple to the heart.

                                 s$
                                 $$ $s     .d""b.
 )- ---------------------- - .d""$$ $$sS$$ $$  $$ - ---------------------- -(
                             $$  $$ $$     $$  $$
  :: doomed to obscurity ::  $$  $$ $$     $$  $$  :: doomed to obscurity ::
                             $$  $$ $$  $$ $$  $$
 )- ---------------------- - $$  $$ $$  $$ $$  $$ - ---------------------- -(
                             "Tss$$ "TssT" "TssT"

 )-         want to talk to us?  here is our address: dto@op.net           -(
 )-              the dto www homepage -- http://www.dto.net                -(
 )-       to get on the dto mailing list, send mail to dto@dto.net         -(
 )-                with the message saying "subscribe dto"                 -(

  (c) copyright 1998 doomed to obscurity productions.  all rights reserved.

 )- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -(
