 +--------------------------------------------------------------------------+

        + doomed to obscurity + issue four + november 13th, 1995 +

                           .s sS$
                              "$$$"             .    "
                               S$  $    s .s s" ""$s
                               "$  $ .ss$S "$      $$
                    "$$$$Sss    $ss$S"""$  s:       $:
                      "$s  "" s"$" $    S. $        Yb       s
                       .$s     "$  S.   Ys S        :$    "
                  .  "   $.        Ys   :$ :        .
                         "$        :$    $     s        33
                          S  s"     $   .$ss"       $s
                        .s "        $.ss""   $s   .S"
                                   s$"         "
                               .s "
                             "

 + "spreading happiness & positivity through understood cynicism." - sratte +

 +--------------------------------------------------------------------------+

 + my doggy
 + submitted by - neko

 i have a doggy.
 he has hairy buttocks.
 i like to scratch them.
 my doggy likes that.
 he licks me.
 it makes me feel good.

 +--------------------------------------------------------------------------+

 + you're a damned weirdo
 + written by - mogel

        we're doomed!  do the hokey-pokey, baby!

        the issues of dto are still pumpin' away here, kids.  just a
 reminder, we're _always_ looking for innovative writers with message-encoded
 stuff.  we can never get enough writing.

        the feedback we've been getting on last issue has been pretty
 interesting.  a buncha people thought it was "by far" the best issue ever
 released.  others thought it was "okay," but dealt _way_ too much on the
 topic of "angst."  heh.  forgetting that this theme was somewhat intentional
 from my crafty mind, an interesting thing to note is that the writers of dto
 ages do range from the ballpark of sixteen to late twenties.  basically,
 youth.  the bullshit and self-proclaimed stupid culture that is becoming
 all-too common is something that dto is here to deal with.

        basically, we're the most real thing you'll ever read.

        at any rate, for the most part, you'll certainly find a difference in
 this months issue, full of all kinds of wacky random stuff you could only
 expect from us.  the always presumptuous james hetfield bashes 'zines and we
 pick up introductory writings from teletype, base, and edicius.  we also get
 treated to a one-shot from uXu's the gnn.  wowee!@  i'd say that in general,
 this issue has turned out a tad more serious that i would have expected.

        you know, i'm pretty glad frannie decided to let me run the dto-show
 for this issue and last with his recent lack of time.  it reminded me a lot
 of those gl0ry days back when i was editing my former lame 'zine, h0e.
 everything continues to change for me.  in a lot of ways, i'm pulled myself
 out of a lot of the "c0mputer und3rgr0und" bullshit that runs rampant.  as
 if you couldn't figure it out, we're about making people think.  pushing
 ideas, thoughts, and wacky shit.

        let's take a confusing stroll down memory lane, shall we?

        the modem mafia are masters of something so primal, it's almost as
 funny as you are.  hey cocksucker why aren't you getting back to me about
 my fucking hoe app? - godd.  romeo is paging you from teleconference: you
 have big tits.  they all phear me.  womba-womba.  i can't believe that out
 of millions of sperm, i was the quickest.  get hip to my anarchy!  my
 hypothesis was that given ten days, five monkeys could start an e-mag and
 publish at least one issue.  congratulations!  you've hacked your way out of
 a paper bag!  yuor mumz so stupid she seyd yuor dum to me but im not dum im
 smart.  ten whole pez fans can't be wrong!  let's hack it!  look at the
 caveman!  he's a real rebel!  moral: lay off the 'shrooms, boy.

        are you hip to checkin' out other e'zines?  you'll find zany-fun on
 (of all things) the www.  yessir, point that web browser to our pal
 mercuri's baby, "zinew0rld."  http://www.pla-net.net/~jwapienn/zineworld/
 here you'll find a growing number of rad links to 'zine web pages all over  
 the damn place.

        oh.  we've picked up another permanent ftp site.  woo-hoo!@  get the
 latest and old dto files from:

                prism.net /pub/dto
                blandest.com /pub/dto

        as time moves on, dto will be in it's full swing of expansion.
 television appearances, t-shirts, more writers, more projects; the whole
 nine yards.

        here's what we want from you;

        spread the disease.  dto consumes your minds.  bad publicity is good
 publicity.  tell _everyone_ you know about dto.  e-mail _all_ your friends
 the issues.  upload dto to _every_ bbs and _every_ ftp site you know of.
 we're out to be the best, and you'll only be joining the winning side.

        dto _is_ forever.  let's make sure of it.

 - mogel, the great e'zine hype-king [dto@prism.net]

 +--------------------------------------------------------------------------+
                                     ____
                                  ___|  |_ _
                               ___|  |  _______
                               |     |  |     |
 +---------------------------- |  |  |  |  |  | ----------------------------+
                               |  |  |  |  |  |
   doomed to obscurity four    |  |  |  |  |  |  and all contents therein ..
                               |  |  |  |  |  |
 +---------------------------- |  |  |  |  |  | ----------------------------+
                               |_____|  |_____|
                                     |___ _

  1 - my doggy
        by - neko
  2 - you're a damned weirdo
        by - mogel
  3 - doomed to obscurity four and all contents therein ..
        by - mogel
  4 - the real world
        by - eerie
  5 - what do you think think of dto?
        by - mogel
  6 - technology knows no shame, the world i see has gone insane
        by - teletype
  7 - i was the second gunman in the kennedy assassination, sexy mama!
        by - edicius
  8 - pick your nose no matter who walks by you!
        by - base
  9 - sweet irony
        by - mogel
 10 - poison
        by - the gnn
 11 - broken
        by - shadow tao
 12 - zines suck
        by - james hetfield
 13 - operation streetpimp
        by - morpheus
 14 - where's that dignity i ordered?
        by - mogel
 15 - dew - condiments; chapter 1/0
        by - murmur
 16 - urination
        by - y-windoze

 +--------------------------------------------------------------------------+

 + the real world
 + submitted by - eerie

        woke up at 3 pm, again.  said hello to the camera.  hi, mtv 
 alternakids.  it's thursday and the rest of the appartment is empty.  turned 
 on my stereo and listened to some cool trip-hop stuff.  still asleep with a 
 bonus headache.  slept for like thirteen hours.

        "you sure you wanna be with me, i've nothing to give."

        peed.  said hello to the camera.  get that, mtv alternakids.  put 
 on some clothes; black t-shirt, black jeans, and a pair of white socks.  
 then moved to the kitchen, opened the fridge.  nothing.  yesterday i had 
 some money to buy some milk and made myself pancakes from a recipe my mom 
 gave me.

        "i drink till i'm drunk & i smoke till i'm senseless."

        made some peach juice from peach juice powder and water.  said 
 hello to the camera.  you mtv alternakids got your lunch paid by your mom 
 & dad.  better feel lucky.  alright, let's not fast today.  looked for 
 something edible.  what do i find?  onion soup mix.  tried to prepare some, 
 tasted really, really bad.  spitted a mouthful in the garbage bag.

        "until then, you have to live with yourself."

        threw the rest of the soup in the sink.  said hello to the camera.  
 fuck you, mtv alternakids.  if i could find like a dollar and a few cents 
 i could at least walk to a convenience store and buy some kraft dinner or 
 a can of beans.  blah.  whatever.  put on my coat (it's winter up here) 
 and went to the college that's near here so i could sell pot to some guys 
 i know and get a few bucks, at last.

        "i refuse to understand."  -- tricky

 +--------------------------------------------------------------------------+

 + what do you think of dto?
 + the opinions of some "other" 'zine guys
 + compiled by - mogel

 "dto is the most well written 'zine since
 'common sense'."                              - edicius [jonas]

                            "looks good, man." - lobo [gwd]

 "my elitist attitude: 'its so rad, _i_ wrote
 for it.' my distinguished attitude: 'elogant,
 yet fascinating.'"                            - disorder [fuck]

              "you guys are a buncha whiners." - guido sanchez [blah/dead]

                        "all 'zines are lame." - y-windoze [pud/dead]

                                  "neat, rad." - swamp ratte' [cdc]

 "det kan inte bli battre an sa har!"
 (translated: "it can't get any better than
 this!")                                       - the gnn [uxu]

                   "..." (he refused to reply) - jason farnon [ibft/dead]

                           "it's interesting." - t3 [rdnf]

             "i phear mogel and love bubbles." - rattle [that guy]

 "dto is a stable part of the zine scene. it's
 something to keep the zine scene going and
 keep it credible."                            - juke [chemchoc]

 +--------------------------------------------------------------------------+

 + dto spotlight on - teletype

 teletype; writer, master of prism.net - one fateful night in the mid '70s
        will live forever in infamy.  on this night - cold and drab like a
        bleak december on the tundra - two desolate and dejected human beings
        ingested a more than respectable quantity of distilled spirits.
        intoxication led to copulation, and copulation, to conception.  lo!
        a zygote was created, and it was called teletype.  the powers that be
        saw teletype and decided it was good.  they foresaw this teletype's
        upbringing until the day their plans went wildly awry.  the teletype
        surpassed their power.  the teletype took up residence in a computer,
        and from their wrought havoc and dementia on all.  the teletype was
        revered by the powers that were as the second coming of their great
        and illustrious creator.  the teletype came to rule over all.  and
        such is the history of the world to date, or whatever portion of the
        history that doth matter.

 +--------------------------------------------------------------------------+

 + technology knows no shame, the world i see has gone insane
 + submitted by - teletype

        take a moment to stop and think.  examine closely the state of things
 today.  in the scant centuries since the country we call america, "land of
 the free, home of the brave" came into existence, so much change has taken
 place that an outsider would be led to wonder if this is indeed the same
 planet.

        our 'forefathers' started a new form of government, which rose from
 the primordial ooze of hatred, unrest, and rebellion.  their work was
 revered as the greatest form of government extant.  the public lavished
 their patriotic praise upon their country, while simultaneously loathing its
 very existence.  the natural human tendency toward hatred cannot be quelled.

        shortly thereafter, we began to harness the fury of steam.  we tamed
 the rampant force.  we endowed our sailing vessels with fiery, brutish steam
 engines, and we were able to zip to and fro, free from the whims of the
 winds.  we strapped these behemoths to wheels, and traversed our beloved
 land at unheard of speeds.

        we discovered the usefulness of electricity.  along with the tracks
 of the iron beast, we strung up the webs of a lighting fast new species of
 spider called the telegraph.  our vast world shrank.  with the telegraph, we
 were able to virtually instantaneously carry messages across the entire
 breadth of our nation.  so long, pony express, your demise has come.  the
 natural descendant of the electric pony express was the telephone.  your
 loved ones and enemies alike could be held in the palm of your hand, and
 distances became extinct.

        we discovered the death magic of fossil fuels.  the cheetah could
 outrun us.  so, inferiority being verily intolerable, we created the
 automobile.  the birds take to the sky at whim, while we are bound to terra
 firma.  naturally, this was unacceptable, so we constructed airplanes, and
 surpassed them.

        we were on top of the world, master of all, but we needed to go
 higher.  the hatred still prevailed.  we went to war, and made full use of
 our new technologies.  we created the deadliest spectacle of bloodshed ever
 before seen.  finally, the war abated, and it came to pass that the world
 was in a quasi-peaceful state once again.  we sat in our tidy homes with our
 phonographs, our model-t's, our electric lights, telephones, prohibition,
 and radios, and life was good.  still our technology advanced, and with it
 advanced the hate and jealousy.  again we went to war.  millions were killed
 in efficient factories of death.  we witnessed conflagrations of near
 apocalyptic proportion when we witnessed the pure brutish fury unleashed
 when we tampered with the very building blocks of our very physical being.
 in this war, technology was power.

        lazy as we are, mundane tasks such as arithmetic became too much of a
 bother to occupy our minds with.  it's better to let electrons do the
 thinking for us.  we built gargantuan thinking machines.  and, in the
 tradition of the telephone and telegraph, came the television.  while the
 one delivered its message at mercurian speeds, and the other carried the
 two-tin-cans-and-string game to a higher plane, this newcomer promised more.
 it trounced the lot of them and brought the president, mr. ed, the mets, and
 walter cronkite straight into the living room of mr.  and mrs. john p.
 amerikaner, in living colour.  the world grew smaller still.

        the ever present hatred persisted, and those who opposed it were
 considered to be in the wrong, and persecuted for it.  the ones in power
 evidently found peace and love to be an unhealthy lifestyle.  without hatred
 and jealousy, they would not be necessary.  by and by, the peace lovers
 decided that they it wasn't worth it, and they became exactly what they
 deplored: societal drones.

        money is the driving force behind greed.  technology is money.  any
 technology that exists today was developed not for the sake of creating it,
 but for the money it earns.  the gargantuan thinking machines shrank, and
 businesses computerized.  the computers shrank more, and schools began to
 purchase them.  hobbyists took an interest.  the hobby became a gold mine;
 the personal computer was born.  everyone wanted to get in on this hot new
 trend.  still new forms of communication emerged.  the universities and the
 government networked their computers, to facilitate freedom of information.
 greedy eyes saw the money making potential in these networks.

        the "information superhighway" was born.  festooned in hype and
 buzzwords, this nonexistent bit stream was thrust upon the public, and the
 public embraced it.  in here, there are no rules.  the pioneers are totally
 overlooked, and crammed into small corners of their net, in much the same
 way as the europeans forced the native americans into reservation when they
 decided they own this land.  this land is your land, this land is my land.
 this is no man's land.

 +--------------------------------------------------------------------------+

 + dto spotlight on - edicius

 edicius; writer - the man of all seasons.  he runs, he jumps, he flops, he
     flips.  you can't get much better then him.  between writing for various
     'zines, including his own jonas e'zine, he spends much of his time
     playing doom2, eating peanuts, and listening to weezer.  he hopes of one
     day riding cross-country in a winnebago, like they did in that mtv show.

 +--------------------------------------------------------------------------+

 + i was the second gunman in the kennedy assassination, sexy mama!
 + submitted by - edicius

        i am lee harvey oswald.  i am not a nazi, nor do i work for the
 soviet government.  i am dead now, don't ask me how i write this, fugoff.
 this is the _real_ story behind the kennedy assassination.

 +--- dto ---+

        it starts with a crash.  a large metallic object hurdles through the
 sky at an amazing rate of speed, and lands in a small place, that we'll call
 "roswell, new mexico."

        mass-hysteria.

        a large object, lands on earth, government denies it, only after
 everyone knows about it.  odd, eh?  but it happened.

        now, i'm not going into detail about the roswell incident, you know
 about it by now, at least somethings about it.

        anyway;

        a few years later, in 1954, our presidential-pal eisenhower (i like
 ike!), 'says' that he's going to the 'dentist', but _everyone_ knew where he
 was really going.  right?

        no?

        well, ok, so alot of people _didn't_ know where he was headed to, but
 this is where he went; he went to the first ever alien-earthling summit.  a
 few things happened during this summit.  the most important thing: the
 aliens hand over a few saucers for our inspection, and we relinquish
 "grazing rights", allowing aliens the freedom to periodically abduct and
 experiment on humans and cattle.

        kooky, eh?  its true.

        all the presidents knew about it, but no one was going to say
 anything.  until jack came into office.

        jack, john kennedy.  he was going to expose the whole
 eisenhower-alien summit dealy-deal.  bad career move, jack.  the government
 couldn't let this get out.

        this is where i step in.

        about two months before the infamous kennedy assassination, i'm
 working part time at the diner down the street from the secret service in
 downtown dallas.  two husky fellows come in, sit down, and order a couple of
 eggs, black coffee, and hash browns.

        being the ever-eccentric waiter that i am, i started talking to these
 two drab fellows.  they mention that they worked for the government, and
 that was all they were allowed to say.  i was fine with that, we all have
 our limits.  i told them i had always wanted to join the secret service, but
 was turned down.

        they said they were interested in me.

        i was ecstatic.  i flipped.  i dropped the pot of coffee on my boss,
 and told him to "fuck off".  i tore off the dorky blue and orange uniform i
 was wearing and asked them where i should go to join up.

        they said they were only kidding.  no ha-ha from this happy camper.

        they said they didn't really want me to join up with the secret
 service, only that they had a special job dealing with guns and the
 president, and that they needed a sicko like myself.  they said that the
 president was going to revel some information concerning some "fake" alien
 summit that "supposedly" happened, and that they needed to kill him before
 he instilled fear in the hearts of americans.

        i thought it sounded good, it was being as close to the resident as
 restraining orders allow.  so i was happy.

        about two months later, i was trained in the art of "scapegoating."
 all i had to do, was stand in a window while a motorcade goes by, hold a
 gun, spread my fingerprints, run, and kill some police officer.  not too
 hard, i figured.

        it was the early afternoon, i see a motorcade start to approach, and
 i knew my signal.  i put my fingerprints all over the room.  boxes, books,
 the gun, windows, _everything_.  i watch as the limousine driver carrying
 mr. kennedy pulls a gun and shoots him in a split second.  i run.

        a few hours later, i was at a movie theatre.  i killed some "pig"
 that was following my back too closely.  a little while later, i get
 arrested.

        i'm questioned, i tell them that i didn't do it, and before i can say
 anymore, i'm whisked away by some officers.  i'm walking outside, and a man,
 jack ruby, is standing there, with a gun, and shoots me, completing the
 whole secret service-cia-fbi cover-up.  (they had me shot so i wouldn't say
 anything, they never told me about _that_ part beforehand.)

        here i stand today.  immortalized for being a scapegoat.  _everyone_
 has seen oliver stone's jfk, _everyone_ knows that their is a government
 cover-up behind the whole assassination deal.  i'm at the center of it; and
 no one knows the truth behind it, until now.

        thanks, i had to clear that up.

 +--------------------------------------------------------------------------+

 + dto spotlight on - base

 base; writer - base is a generally depressed, only child in suburban
        connecticut who is between high school and college, and who aspires
        to go to berklee in boston for other studies.  base (the artist
        formerly known as basehead) has been in the "scene" in general since
        1986.  the basis of what he does now is generally computer music
        (s3m/mod/xm/module music/formats/etc).  he also composes for
        orchestras, and recently did the music for a game by origin.  check
        out da warez!@  it's called crusader: no remorse.  thats it.  that's
        all.  finito.  b-3.  bingo!@

 +--------------------------------------------------------------------------+

 + pick your nose no matter who walks by you!
 + submitted by - base

 *unconscious*

 [narrator: base awakes in a room with no furniture, no doors, no nothing.
            there is nothing and nobody in the room with him, and he cannot
            hear anything, nor see the source of light by which the room
            is oddly illuminated]

        man, this must be donald trump's safe deposit box.. how the _fuck_
 did i get in here?  i don't even _know_ the guy.. maybe _this_ is what that
 skeleton key unlocks.. been wondering what the fuck it was for since 3rd
 grade!

        wait, how do i know what this is?  i could be part of one of those...
 experiments.  ya know, where the government is testing the limits of sanity.
 something cool like that.  where did i come up with that idea??  i prolly
 read it somewhere.. most people don't come up with ideas, they just repeat
 stuff they forgot they heard. i should write a book about that, it would
 probably sell well.

        maybe i'm part of one of those neat modern art displays.  but.. how
 would anyone see me?  maybe these are those fangled one-way three-foot
 thick walls.  heh!  yeah thats it, they can see me, but i can't see them.
 does that mean i'm paranoid?  wouldn't it be kinda cool for people to see
 you, and not be able to see them?  think of all the stuff you'd end up doing
 if you didn't know...you wouldn't care.  it'd be freeing.  think of it this
 way; there are two types of people in this situation, and thus two types of
 responses this could warrant.  the person _knows_ they're being watched from
 the outside, so they act very normal and try to beam pleasant innocuous
 thoughts to all parties, foolishly thinking that no one will notice how
 uncomfortable they are.  they don't do anything that they believe people
 would think disgusting, immoral, revolting, or otherwise a turn-off.  the
 other type of person, the "rebel" would do things to purposely gross-out,
 piss off, raunchify, or in other words, are the antithesis of person #1.

        both of these people suck, that is evident.  people base so much of
 what they do and how they act on the reactions of other people.  the correct
 person, the 'leet person, or in other words _myself_, would do what i was
 going to do anyway.  and if they don't like it, tough shit.  you should do
 the same.  if you want to jack-off to gifs of male rock icons with their
 shirts off, you go ahead and do that.  if you want to make a card house, go
 for it.  if you want to pull out that dusty mc hammer tape you bought five
 years ago, and blast it - do that tew!!#@  nobody's stopping you.  they can
 see you, but they can't stop you.

        isn't it strange how people even try to impress someone they'll never
 see or talk to again in their lives, or avoid doing something they sure as
 fuck need to do at that moment, just because say.. a fine chick is about to
 walk by you?
 
        example: you're in a huge, crowded mall, an incredibly fine chick is
 coming in your direction with her huge lug of a boyfriend at her side,
 groping her while she playfully slaps his hand away.  you want to pick your
 nose _really_ bad, it's itching like the dickenz@!#  but you don't, because
 you don't want to "make a fool out of yourself" in front of a girl that
 you'll never talk to, meet, try to persuade to come over, or otherwise
 attempt to "score" with.  but hey, if this fat chubby senior citizen
 grandpa-type with his 1970's jcpenney perma-prest polyester clothes and
 golfing hat is chuggin' along side ya, hell.. you'd pick your nose.. up to
 the knuckle even.  nine times out of ten, the guy will probably be doing the
 same, or something even nastier.  sheesh, it's really silly when you think
 about it.

        the basic moral is more than "pick your nose no matter who walks by
 ya!"  i just encourage all of you to examine the way you deal with every day
 situations involving other people.  why do you make the decisions you do??
 you'll realize that even during the course of a normal day at work, school,
 or just hanging out, if you look back on it, you did alot of things that
 you wish you hadn't done, and you realize you didn't think before you acted.
 it doesn't have to be something with major consequences that you did, but
 anything where you were met with a fork in the road, and went a certain
 direction.  think about it. it'll make you a better person.  uhm, honest.

        love is another silly thing i need to touch on.  i have been in love,
 i am currently in love, and i imagine there won't be many times in my life
 when i'm not in love with someone.  maybe i'm too easily impressed.  maybe
 just maybe, the "girl next door" that's on the volleyball team and has a
 nice smile does it for me.  maybe not.  maybe i look for the freak, the
 chick that is doing whatever comes _after_ being a club kid.. ya know, that
 street wise attitude and clothing to match.  an extra in a short film called
 something like "post-apocalyptic san francisco".  well, neither are really
 true at all.  when you get right down to it, although we may _think_ we fall
 in love with people for certain specific reasons, we don't.  what sense does
 that make?  you can't claim to me, in all honesty, that you've fallen in
 love with a girl because she was great looking.  you can't say you've fallen
 in love with a girl because she had a few of the same interests.  what fun
 would that be?  love is a feeling, it may be helped along by certain things,
 or triggered by something initially, but you don't know where it emanates
 from.  you don't know where it begins or ends specifically.  it's not
 tangible, and you can't analyze it.  too many people end up hurting
 themselves, their relationships, and their significant other, trying to do
 so.  if it happens, go with it.  i don't believe you can fall in love for
 the wrong reasons, because what is "wrong" anyway?  you're there, you're
 swimming in it, it's everything you think about - your whole existence.  you
 fell in love, you want to please this person, you'll do anything it takes
 and you want them to feel the same way.. love love love, la la la.. undying
 affection, the whole schlock'n'schpiel.

 +--------------------------------------------------------------------------+

 + sweet irony
 + submitted by - mogel 

 from: iguana@magick.net (the iguana man)
 newsgroups: alt.society.generation-x
 subject: speak english!!
 date: 15 oct 1995 12:21:17 gmt
 organization: ark enterprises
 lines: 24

        what is the problem with our society today that are congress can't
 even vote "yes" to make english our nationial langauge.  they're is always
 them few congressman that have to vote "no".  that seriously really torkz
 the shit out of me!!  every other country has a national language exept for
 the most powarful nation in the world?  does that make cents to you???

        i shold not have to go to school and have to learn spanish to get
 along!!  i am sorry to any spanish speaking peoples that i might be pissing
 off but that is how i feal!!  now don't get me wrong i am not aganst other
 langauges or learning the foreign language.  all i is saying is that when
 you in a public place you should have a law to speak english!!  their is no
 reson to speak a forien language in the public.  i want to understand what
 every1 is saying around me!!  i wuldn't even care if spanish was made the
 united states language just so every1 spoke it.

        now lets just look at it this way i don't mind being insulted but do
 it so i can understand it!!  i know that more than half the stuff people
 says to me in spanish is an insult (i have my friend translate it for me).
 i need to be insulted in my own language, even though being yelled at in a
 foreign tounge pisses me off even more, it don't make sense.  why make fun
 of some1 if he don't understand it???

        i think that when a person from another country get off the plane,
 boat, bus too comes across the boarder their should be a sign that says
 "your in america, now speak english!!"

 +--------------------------------------------------------------------------+

 + dto spotlight on - the gnn

 the gnn; special guest writer - this man tries desperately to learn english
        by writing for the esteemed sweden 'zine, uXu.  if not in front of
        the keyboard he can be found at the department of philosophy in
        uppsala, sweden, rejecting common-sense, democracy and
        consequentialism, while defending alcoholism, terrorism and the
        computer underground.

 +--------------------------------------------------------------------------+

 + poison
 + submitted by - the gnn

        too many people honestly believe that they are free.  since they
 don't live in a dictatorship nor in a fascist society but in the 'free
 world' they think they are "free people" that may do whatever they want.
 they'll go on to think that their political and social rights are perfect,
 their lives are filled with joy and happiness, and they love their
 situation.

        however, if you dare to question the above statements in public you
 will notice that many of the "free" individuals you are talking to will
 become very upset.  they will refuse to listen to your arguments since they
 have no good arguments themselves.  if you claim that the one you are
 talking to is not really free, but only falsely believes so, they will
 regard you as an enemy.

        for example, if you had claimed instead that the sun will not rise
 the next day, the free individual will have laughed and tried to convince
 you with facts that your belief are very wrong.

        so, if everyone knows a fact, and this fact is perfectly true, there
 will be no need to become upset if someone believes the opposite.  because
 facts are facts and nothing can change that.  if some misguided individual
 thinks something else, well, too bad for him.  following the example, the
 sun goes up every morning - no question about that.  someone who thinks that
 the sun will not go up tomorrow is wrong.  end of discussion.  if they
 don't not listen to facts, leave them alone - they're an idiot.

        but if something is unclear the situation changes.  if two people are
 unsure about a fact they can discuss it.  "is the fact 'a' or is it 'b'?"
 well, we cannot be sure, but we can talk about it and try to come up with a
 solution.  that is the final purpose of "debate," after all.  to come to a
 final understanding.

        if it _was_ a fact that the people in the free world are really free,
 then any discussions about that fact would be unnecessary.  however, this is
 not a fact.  arguments are possible.  but do the arguments sometimes turn
 into fights when you try to debate it?  why do people react so spastically
 towards someone insinuating that they are not truly free?  can't they just
 say "he's an idiot." and move on?

        this is because often people don't dare to question their own
 situation.  they want to believe that they are free.  if they were not free,
 their lives would lose meaning.  this alienation from meaning would mean
 confusion.  people hate confusion.  things are to be as they have always
 been.  it must be a fact that they are free, it cannot be something unclear.
 if it was unclear, it would not be a true fact.  it was not a true fact, it
 would not be a fact at all.

        your claim that people are not really free will touch a sensitive
 spot.  you are holding their personal meaning of life in your hand, and they
 want you to give it back to them without harming it.  it is a primitive
 defense mechanism in their minds that starts and boosts into full effect.
 their ears will be covered, your words will be scrambled before it reaches
 their brain.  your desire to find the truth will rock their comfortable
 chairs.  if their defense mechanism would break down, they would become
 confused.  their confusion would force them to think for themselves and that
 is messy business!  that demands them to do things that are not just a
 habit.  the one that does things out of a simple habit never makes any real
 choices.  it is much easier to live in a cloudy dream with given truths and
 given answers. 

        the dogmatic dream that people experience every second is a result of
 a poison.  this poison makes them drowsy and easy.  they do what they are
 told to do; they educate themselves and work until they die.  they think
 that life is nothing more than that.  in theory, they praise the ones that
 decide to don't live the life of habits, but in practice they try to
 convince the ones around them that the life of habits is the best one.  it
 is a easy life.

        if you remove the meaning of life from a human, you have destroyed
 their hope.  without hope, life will be very hard.  life will be no longer
 be in that soft cloudy dream.  even worse, there will be no way back to the
 dream.  the individual will find himself on a path that only offers one
 destination:  the truth.  to reach that truth means a long and hard trek.
 some people cannot stand that journey.  they sit down and bury their face
 in their hands.  alcohol, drugs and other short pleasures will be their only
 escape from the path.  fatigue overwhelms them - they cannot take the
 pressure.  but those who makes it will be rewarded.  nothing is more
 enjoyable than a clear sight and a free mind.  there will be no state, no
 religion, no dogmas at the end of the path.  it will just be the greatest
 prize of all:  the ability to really think for oneself.

        well, do you think i am right?  i guess you do, since you truly
 believe that you are one of the few lucky people that is able to think for
 yourself.  you believe that your mind is clear and that your eyes see
 everything there is to see.
 
        now let's spin this around; let me reveal the tragic fact that you
 are just a simple nobody, ruled by and addicted to the poison.  you will
 never experience real freedom, because you think real freedom is as it is
 right now.  you do things out of habits.  you go to school, you go to work
 and soon you will go to your own grave.  i bet you think that will be a
 matter of choice, too.

        if you found yourself in a room without any doors and with the
 knowledge that you would die in less than five minutes, what would you do?
 would you work or would you think?  would you believe that life is nothing
 more than doing what you are told to do or would you desire a life built
 upon your own decisions? would you truly believe that your own decisions
 would cope with the standard life of education - work - death?

        you would not.  you would wish that you had a second chance.  but
 there would be no such second chance.  now, you are experiencing the only
 life you will ever get.  of course, life is a bit longer than five minutes.
 take care of it, do what you want to do.  to do what you really want to do
 is really hard, but it is much easier if you begin to think for yourself.

        anything goes.

 +--------------------------------------------------------------------------+

 + broken
 + submitted by - shadow tao

        "doth it therefore follow from hence likewise that is not really 
 inherent in the object."
                                        -george berkeley

 +-----+

        "you want to do a cover of what song, trent?"
        "the gummi bears cartoon theme song."
        "..."
        "yeah, steve?"
        "why the 'gummi bears theme song', trent?  it just doesn't follow the
 body of your work."
        "yes it does.  you have to feel the underlying pain of the lyrics."
        "lesse.  hmm.  do you have a hard copy of the lyrics?"
        "yeah.  here."
        "gummi bears....dancing here and there...magic and mystery, part of
 their history..."
        "can't you feel _that_?"
        "..."
        "um.  no."
        "..."
        "trent.  it's about little jelly chewy bears that bounce around in a
 magical forest."
        "..."
        "shut the fuck up steve.  you're fired."
        "you're nuts.  goodbye."

 +-----+

        nine inch nails had consumed the music industry.  there was no
 denying that fact.  faced with monumental record sales and equally
 impressive concert attendance, the critics of reznor and his following fell
 away. 'nexus/end' had outsold the rest of reznor's work combined, and the
 touring schedule for it had all but destroyed the crew.  it had also had a
 major effect on trent, as it had broken his sanity into little pieces,
 leaving a deranged maniac in control of the most popular name in music.

        "okay!  'gothgummi' is recording in 5!"
        "no.  i have to take a piss."
        "trent has to take a piss.  we'll start again in 6 minutes."
 
        trent walks over to the drum set, undoing his pants and proceeding to
 pee on the snare.  the urine runs across the snare head, splashing onto the
 cymbals and spilling noisily on the drummer's boots.

        "um.  okay.  someone go clean that up."
        "no.  let's play from measure 23."
        "but the drummer is covered in.."
        "i'm sure he can take it.  play."

        <the musicians all take the cue and begin to play, all shaken by
 trent's antics.  the drummer is visibly pained, with his head turned away,
 urine spraying from the striking of the snare.>

        "doesn't that sound better?"
        "yes trent. you're right trent. isn't this man a musical.. genius?
 he's a musical genius!"
        "shut up marty."

 +-----+

  "an enigmatic, head sundering, conscience transgressing tour de force!"
                                                -spin

  "reznor has a gift for the warping of the mind and body.  this album
   is a tribute to that dark gift."
                                                -rolling stone

  "rock gummy bears! cool! kill! kill! death! kill!"
                                                -deformed musician's monthly

 +-----+

 backstage, on the gothgummi tour:

        "you want me to what?"
        "cut a hole.  where my ass is.  about.. hey marty!"
        "what?"
        "how big's that pole across? you know? that diametric thing."
        "about an inch and a quarter."
        "you heard him."
        "uh."
        "now."
        "yessir"
        "..."
        "WH0 HAZ MY PEN1Z HELMET?!@"
        "it's right here, trent."
        "GLU DA F0Q'N M00ZE H0RNZ 0N N LETZ G0!@#"
        "i'm on it right now, trent."

 +-----+

        the darkness of the shaded control room gently obscures the scene
 unfolding below.  thousands of fans are writhing in the beat of the giant
 speaker banks.  trent dances around on stage, wearing his attire, and
 screaming the lyrics to the 'gummi bears.'

        "god marty.  he looks like an idiot.."
        "well. look at the crowd.  they couldn't care less."
        "but look at him.  he's got a pole shoved up his _ass_, marty."
        "..."
        "yeah."
        "and he's wearing a helmet shaped like a penis.  with moose antlers
 glued on, for godsake."
        "..."
        "yeah."
        "it's rock today."

 +--------------------------------------------------------------------------+

 + zines suck
 + submitted by - james hetfield

        four in the morning, and where is matt?  sitting as his desk,
 pounding away at his keyboard.  he was writing his 'greatest' text file
 ever; anarchy elite warez end here!

        at the same time, on another part of the globe, riyu, a screwed-up
 japanese university dropout, was writing away at his underground zine; the
 role of humanity vs. humanity.

        johnny, the 12 year old child from vermont, grinded away at his keys
 writing down his unique processes that, went performed, would blow up the
 white house in one swoop.

        mike, where is poor mike?  mike is writing bad poetry about the sand
 and the sun.

 *   *   *

        which of these four should gain the most recognition?  i would say
 the poet, because chances are his horrible poetry isn't just for the
 computer world.  'zines are crap, folks.  always have been, always will be.
 until people actually form a 'zine where they are actually writing for
 themselves and not a retarded "underground" audience, the work they create
 will not have any relevance to real time life.

        let's find some classic examples, shall we?  

        classic example #1: "scene whining."

        EVERY FUCKING ZINE has a criticism about the scene.  look, this is
 a criticism about the zine!  how fucking ORIGINAL of me!  it seems no
 one can shut their fucking mouths about the 'zine.  every chance they get,
 they're talking about the scene.  did you ever notice that in successful
 institutions, they don't whine about the scene, they whine about individual
 products of the scene?  take something disgustingly male; football.  when
 was the last time you heard a football player whine about football?  it
 doesn't happen often.  but 'zine writers continually whine about the scene.
 it's never anything new, either, it's always the same old shit.  and it gets
 really old and monotonous.

        classic example #2: bad poetry/parody

        listen, if you've got a piece of poetry you've worked on for a actual
 significant amount of time, it is a piece of work.  however, if you're
 printing up poems in your 'zine that are still in their rough draft form,
 have little or no description, only 'big catchy words' like hell, heaven,
 pain, suffering... well, you're helping to bring down the scene.  a scene
 can only take so much crap.  after a certain amount, it begins to drown...
 and that is what the underground 'zine world is doing.  drowning.

        classic example #3: prose vs. essay

        most 'zines these days are almost all essay, with very little prose,
 if any.  and if it does have prose, it's usually crappy and about little
 trolls that kill humans or magical penises, etc.  prose is an important
 element of a 'zine; it gives it a polar look.  people who are really into
 prose (like me) might actually not skip over the essays people wrote.  and
 people who generally read essays might read the prose as well.  a good
 balance helps out the 'zine a lot, and very few 'zines have this balance.

        classic example #4: underground gibber

        let's face it, ladies and gentlemen.  there is little that is
 'underground' about the 'zine scene.  anyone who can get their hands on a
 computer can write up a 'zine.  anyone who goes into #new_irc_user will
 probably get dcc'd a copy of jonas or klunk or whatnot.  one of the big
 problems of 'zines is they all say the same things.  they are redundant,
 and redundant they are, with a little recursive recursivity.  i don't think
 there are many people who could write anything new about hacking and
 phreaking, and put them in a general reader 'zine.  "how to eat your eggs
 fried" probably has been written about less than "how to blow up your dog".

        classic example #5: eye owns joo

        why is cdc so popular?  because it is one of the few old 'zines still
 alive, and many talented people write for it.  does everyone want to run a
 group like cdc?  hell yea.  can everyone run it?  nope.  just like everyone
 can't be the perdue chicken man, not everyone can run a popular 'zine.  but
 everyone tries to.  i know i have, way too many times in fact.  if i listed
 all the different gimmicks for 'zines i've had in the past, this article
 would be 300k long.  so very few people really stay together long enough to
 create a work of art.  will dto stand the test of time?  the odds are
 against it.  the odds are against every 'zine, because just about every
 talented writer wants to run a 'zine... so the people running 'zines have
 shitty submissions.  the writers core for a decent 'zine is usually two or 
 three good writers (including the editor), while a great 'zine would have
 maybe five or six good writers.  once a 'zine has six or so great writers,
 we come to the next problem.

        classic example #6: i'll do it tomorrow.

        everyone is lazy these days.  'zines are the antithesis of pringles;
 once you stop, you can't pop.  never once in the days that i have known
 'zines have i had a good core of writers all writing for the 'zine at the
 same time.  it would be three here, three there, but never at the same time.
 so the talent pool was efficiently diluted.

        if a 'zine could effectively have a good talent pool of writers, who
 continually produce, with a relatively balanced amount of prose and essay,
 they might have a chance at having an excellent 'zine.  but those products
 are few and far between.

 +--------------------------------------------------------------------------+
 
 + dto spotlight on - morpheus

 morpheus; k-rad writer - in west philadelphia born and raised on the
        playground is where i spent most of my days.  chillin out maxin
        relaxin all cool and all playin wiff mah homeboys outside of the
        school; when a couple of guys who were up to no good, started makin
        trouble in mah neighborhood.  i got in one little fight and my mom
        got scared!  she said "you're movin with your auntie and uncle in bel
        aire."  bump bah bump bump dah dah bump.  i whistled for a cab and
        when it came near, it's license plate said "phresh" and there was
        dice in the mirror!  if anything i could say that this cab was rare,
        but i thought "nah forget it."  "yo holmes!  to bel aire!"  bump bah
        bump bump dah dah bump.  i pulled up to the house about seven or
        eight and i yelled to the cab "yo holmes!  smell ya later!" i looked
        at mah kingdom, i was finally there!  to sit on my throne as the
        prince of bel aire!"

 +--------------------------------------------------------------------------+

 + operation streetpimp
 + submitted by - morpheus

        turn on the tv, open up a book, everywhere you look today you see
 words.  and this means one thing to the government: "WE PHEAR EVIL COMPUTER
 HACKERS!  THEY HAVE PHRESH GNU WAREZ AND 0-DAY EXPLOIT SCRIPTS!  THEY FILLED
 OUR SECRET GOVERNMENT X-PHILES-LIKE DIRECTORIES WITH 0-DAY JAPANESE WAREZ!"
 words were surely the direct cause of such anarchy, and the government had a
 plan.

        "...now entering our studio is julie - our returning champion and a
 lawyer from vermont, bill - a reporter with the advocate, and goldy - a pimp
 from pamona.  this is... JEOPARDY!"

        "thank you ladies and gentlemen we are proud to have with us three
 excellent players today.  julie, who is our lawyer, bill, a national
 reporter, and of course goldy."

        "i be is happy to be here... hahaha, you know?"

        "thanks alex!  me and my partner watch this show every night.  hi
 justin!"

        "fo' real.. aww shit man ya' a fag man.. fo' real?  awww shit, you
 know?"

        "right!  so let's get started with today's categories: 16th century
 lit, the roman empire, science, letters and law, treaties and government,
 and words that cross.  let's begin with goldy who won the toss backstage."

        "i be gonna take wordz dat cross fo' 200 alex, know what i'm sayin?"

        "alright, these two words don't exist in english and we made them up
 before the show."

        "bzzzzzt."

        "uh.. aww man.. uh... aww man.. aww shit.. i know dis.. aww man...
 aww shit.  aww man."

        "sorry your time is up.. bill or julie?"

        "ok, the correct answer was zzjjeiju and eerejzzjie.  it looks like
 bill knew that one, are you kicking yourself right now bill?"

        "yes alex i am... hahaha can you believe i didn't buzz in?!  arrhg..
 hahaha."

        "fo' real dis guy is a fag yo.  hahaha... you know?"

        "ok goldy you choose, make your next selection."

        "aight now.. lemme see.. i'll take words that cross for 300.. you
 know what i'm sayin?  hahaha... yeah."

        "these two words cross, but they don't mean anything and one of them
 nobody can pronounce."

        "bzzzzt."

        "uh.. aww man.. uh... aww man.. aww shit.. i know dis.. aww man...
 aww shit.  aww man."

        "oh sorry, bill or julie?"

        "ok the answer was hhhhhhhhhj and hujkeiy.  julie, it looks like
 you're really mad and hitting yourself in the face for not having buzzed in
 on that one."

        "arrhg! i knew that one!"

        "hahahaha.. shit.  fo real."

        thus operation streetpimp became a complete success.  many pimps from
 many cities all over the u.s. went on jeopardy and none of them made it to
 the final round.  when asked to comment, the spa said "WE PHEAR BoW!" and a
 cert spokesperson said "I LIKE SOUP."

        thousands of citizen taskforces were taken up to combat what some
 people deemed "GUVMENT ABUSE." and burned down a large cardboard box outside
 of a walmart in richmond.  when pressed for a statement, the spa said "WE
 PHEAR BoW!" and a cert rep told us "I LIKE SOUP." (note how their previous
 statements coinside.)

        much to our regret, their was no free lunch that day and it was never
 made into a miniseries, when we contacted the authorities, the spa said "WE
 PHEAR BoW!" and an individual from cert told us "I LIKE SOUP."
 
        we finally caught up with goldy outside a motel in pamona.  when we
 told him bambi's mother died in a forest fire, he responded "aww shit.  fo
 real?"

        a mob of about one person held a demonstration at city call today
 where he threw eggs at a picture of the pope and shouted "TAKE DAT!" many
 times until he was forceably subdued and dressed like a woman.  police
 proceeded to put the man in a broom closet in a building across town.
 
        a crowd of angry cockroaches formed outside of what was once the city
 hall building to combat what they deemed "GUVMENT ABUSE."  the cockroaches
 flew small attack choppers and used anti-tank missiles to destroy the
 building.  when cornered and prodded with a stick, the spa said "WE PHEAR
 BoW!" and in the same position three members of the cert commission on
 underage drinking concluded "I LIKE SOUP."  on several occasions.  but there
 were no events in which people shot themselves in the foot in order to win
 the five hundred dollars _or_ what's behind door number three.

 +--------------------------------------------------------------------------+

 + where's that dignity i ordered?
 + submitted by - king mogel

        it's like this; by the time you finish reading this, you'll hate me.

        i'm a fuckin' geekster.  i've been following this beautiful girl
 around my college campus for weeks.  i'm becoming grandmaster illogic and
 i'm all stupid-like.  i fell in deep "like" a little while ago.  i asked
 some girl out, not to my surprise, she has a good 'ol boyfriend.

        it becomes pathetic now.  i started spazzing out and spying on this
 girl's e-mail, using stupid tricks i learned after years of my fucking
 obsession with a computer.  it's funny, i know there's so many things wrong
 with it, but i couldn't help it.  she seemed so "right".  yeah, uh-huh.

        "specialness" and that feeling of love are complete bullshit.
        
        we, as humans, have the unique ability to completely mind-fuck
 ourselves.  we can pull in anything from anywhere we want.  it _is_ all in
 our measly, pathetic heads.  we're all "will", with justification to follow
 until only _after_ we do what we want for the moment.  and i'm here plugging
 away at my computer at five in the morning.  i'm starting to feel that
 i'm-so-tired-i-can't-think-straight-deal.

        i sure do love alienation!  i'm alive!  oh boy!  glorious life that
 i've been given!  i should be thankful!  i kicked the ass of millions of
 sperm that wanted to be me!  ha ha!  i sure do rule!

        life is a big disinformation superwalkway.  we're all zipping along
 at different speeds, and we stop (some more than others) every now and then.
 we take little detours.  we stop sometimes for the fuck of it and ask a
 whole slew of generic questions on life.  your looking for some answers and
 some sorta funky meaning to love and sex and relationships.

        it's all a big joke.  you think you're spitting out deep things, but
 there's a million people before and after you that have the same feelings
 you do.  you're nothing special.  you're yet another lonely guy, that
 justifies his anger at girls, with pseudo-bullshit philosophy.  i know, i'm
 there.

        you whine, whine, whine - and then you turn around one day and you
 have all these warm bubbly feelings for someone you hardly knew just a short
 time ago.  infatuation is a rush.  emotions are tasty.  thought is so rare
 it pains me.

        i've been living here at college weeks laughing in the faces of
 people that profess their "love".  i _hate_ that people have no idea what
 the word means.  I _hate_ that the english language has only one word that
 means so many different things.  all i've learned about love over my entire
 life full of observation is this;

        _no one_ has a fucking clue.

        love being a completely alien concept to my life, i have no clue
 either.  honestly, almost every part of me wants to scream and point out the
 examples.  i've _never_ seen a relationship that wasn't relatively one-sided
 or complete bullshit.  a heaping of infatuation, a sprinkle of attraction,
 or even a smidgeon of loneliness - all mistaken for love.  most people are
 just lonely and call the loss of loneliness "love" when they find someone
 that equally feels lonely and "needs" attention.  almost every part of me
 wants to declare that love just _doesn't_ exist and make it that simple.

        but for some reason i can't.  something in me still says it's real.
 perhaps it's lame hope.  when you've spent all of your energy, and when life
 becomes tired, things like obsession and how many boogers you have in your
 nose are the only things that begin to matter.  it's only then, when you're
 depressed, lonely, and burned-out that you pay attention to the clacking
 that your keyboard makes and you wish that the speed that your future
 athritus-ridden fingers typing was any measurement of your heart and how you
 feel.

        it's supposedly normal to feel this way.  you hear yourself muttering
 the same old angst of youth and other typical bullshit.  you're just another
 one.

        _all_ girls are flaming idiots.  no.  wait.  let me rephrase that.
 all _guys_ are flaming idiots.  girls are even more of an incarnation of
 idiocy because they actually _fuck_ guys.  what's worse is that they fuck
 the more _stupid_ guys.  i mean, come on now.  just because all guys suck,
 doesn't mean you shouldn't be selective.  does he treat you bad?  oh boy!
 there's such a thrill in the let down!  more pain!  gimme!  gimme!  you're
 telling a big joke and you, my friend, are the punchline.

        "ha, ha."

        yes, there are exceptions, but ultimately you realize that 90% of
 _everyone_ sucks.  even more, you wonder why any of it's even worth it.  the
 expression "nice guys finish last" has never been more true in college life
 today.  girls like to cloud each other with their feminist propaganda, but
 show me any self-declared feminist and i'll show you a hypocrite.

        what can someone do?  there becomes two options, either you do what i
 do, which is be completely "who you are" and pray that you're one of the
 lucky one-in-a-million people that gets into a good relationship by complete
 chance.

        or you can do what my roommate does.  which basically comes down to
 this for getting into a relationships as a young person.

        whatever you do - don't be you.

        do, say, or manipulate them in any way you can think of.  why be
 yourself if you can just tell them what they want to hear and they'll melt
 in your hands?  oh, morality is forgotten easily.  if you have the ability
 to completely mind-fuck someone, why not use it?  it's a rush.  i'm up on
 my darwinism, pal.  are you?

        ooh yeah.  this isn't just a "youth wrestling with the concept of
 love." deally.  i'm not writing a piece of fuckin' romantic crap.  you'll
 find no "i need someone to cuddle with"s here.

        hey kids, here's some tips for youth angst!

    1.  loneliness is a disease; spread it!@

    2.  glorify your depression; be the first on _your_ block!@

    3.  hate everyone.  life sucks.  didn't you know?  everyone sucks.

        this shit gets gets all twisted and distorted and mixed-up in with
 those feelings of self-hate that many of us have and never really knew how
 to deal with.  mostly because we never really had long-term loving
 relationships, or parents that knew how to "connect" with us.

        and you sit there like a fuckin' bump on a log having these dreams of
 of one day meeting that "someone".  the one for _you_!@  LOVE.  soul-mate
 stuff.  you have spats of insanity and loneliness where you're sitting alone
 staring at something in the dark.  eventually you might find yourself doing
 something to pass the time.  thinking that maybe that person will just walk
 through your door and be taken by you.  you waste away doing stupid shit,
 like writing babble or spying on someone's email.  and you're wondering when
 the fuck something - _anything_ is going to happen.   you wanna jump up and
 scream "is any of this confusion worth it?!@"

        it's a decision that i wish i could make.

        does love exist?  indeed.  it waits to grab the most real people.
 the people with patience and will.  people that _can_ wait it out, without
 any of the bullshit.  people that _can_ appreciate someone independent of
 the stupid "needing" and sappy stuff that they get from their relationship.
 you don't look for it, you let it look for you.  all you need to do is make
 yourself findable.

        fuck it.  you've heard enough.  i'm getting off this freakin 'puter
 today.  i'm going outside.  you coming?

 +--------------------------------------------------------------------------+

 + dew - condiments; chapter 1/0
 + submitted by - murmur

        upon finding ourselves in an enticingly precarious position this wet
 and sticky morning, we decided to advance, flanked by a rather weak
 artillery barrage, towards the strategically located but otherwise
 unimpressive ocean.  upon reaching said ocean, we discovered that the enemy
 had retreated and drowned, making our effort a miserable waste.  flustered
 but not willing to spoil a perfectly beautiful day, we rounded up some nice
 fryin' ducks and had ourselves a feast.  unfortunately the contigent was
 woefully low on bastions and a beer brawl broke out, sidelining the phantom
 of the regiment for long enough to allow a bizarre and somewhat unexpected
 filtration of pan.  it was not a very arduous task to defeat pan, but pan
 was definitely a feisty little bugger, possessing great speed, Teflon, and
 one hell of a knack for overeasy eggs.  luckily, we were all gorgeous german
 co-eds for a few hours, and we failed to waste our time in the twain of the
 twixt.  not even a great bearer of fruit and tidings could reverse the
 avalanche now, and we were forthwith caved in by our own fierce gluttony.
 however, having a fondness for such candy coated gluttony, we ate it to our
 hearts' content and proceeded to wryly vomit it from whence it had come.
 slugsby saw fit.  the war was over, but the battle rages on, so we went to
 switzerland and made us some clocks.

        moral:  tie him to the masthead until he's sober.
                                                                slur-pee.

 +--------------------------------------------------------------------------+

 + urination
 + submitted by - y-windoze

 teehee was her laugh.
 far below the children screamed.
 root was but an unknown dream.
 the warez were hot.
 the hst fast.
 the night young, long, forever.
 root was mine.
 exploit sendmail all the time.
 i had to pee.
 i had to pee.
 whoa is me.
 but damn it,
 i had to pee...

 +--------------------------------------------------------------------------+

    doomed to obscurity issue four has been brought to you by the letters
                        e, l, and the number eight.
      all correspondence should be directed towards - dto@prism.net
  to get on the dto mailing list - send mail to mail to majordomo@prism.net
            with the body of the message saying "subscribe dto".
    d2o four / all rights reserved - 1995 - doomed to obscurity press

 +--------------------------------------------------------------------------+
