standing on the patio 
not under the overhang
smoking a cigarette with my shirt off.
the storm has made it here and i'm watching it rain on me.
gray clouds under white clouds, they're skating on the sky.

i listened to cream on the record player before i went outdoors.  they
played live at the fillmore and they covered blues classics and that was a
long time ago.

i drank caffeine tonight and i smoked cigarettes and met a girl that i had a
conversation with while other people at our table were having
conversations.  she's gone now.

i'm writing this while i'm writing this and you're reading it afterwards.

that's about all i've got to say.  there's no stories here.  nothing out of
the ordinary.  nothing that didn't happen, no imaginary tales, no wispy
characters floating away except the clouds and the girl who's gone now.

the flowers of disruption keep growing as the mails keep getting shorter.

sorry if it looks like i'm trying to express meaning through this email. 
i'm just telling it like it is.  sorry to the people who receive this who
really don't care what happened to me tonight.  this is flodis, this is a
zine for anjee and tasha, and there are other people on the flodis list as
well.  you can see everyone that's on the list up above.  

my hair was wet and i ran my hands through it.  the good-smelling hair spray
conditioner stuff i wear sometimes made my hands also smell nice.  i think
i have a sinus infection because my head hurts horribly when i blow my
nose.  maybe the flowers of disruption growing within me are fungus
flowers.  they keep reproducing, man.  there's more of 'em now than there
were when i started this.  they're influential little flowers, dude. 
they're meaningful.

flodis doesn't necessarily leave the reader with any insight.  it doesn't
necessarily inspire them to lead their lives in any different manner.  but
it is a fungus growing in my soul, and i'm sending out the spores.

i'm sorry i'm so fucking lame.  i'm from rockford illinois.  that's a pretty
lame place.

byebye, my esteemed colleagues.  play softball.


------
flodis
#12
the ftd serves its purpose
flogged flowers of disruptive disturbing distance    
expressly delivered to all of you 
expressly devine 
expressly germinated by and for tasha nabner
and angela schwabl.
two girls i saw at a hotel in philadelphia, 
pennsylvania.

there is a dennys there, and this flodis
this issue
remembers a girl named chrissy
who was at that dennys
with me and art and dylan.

and she is a flower
and she is disturbed
and she is flodis.  she is also floating.

just because i separate these lines
does not mean that this is attempting
to be poetry.

actually, i'm just very introspective
right now and for some reason
after i put a footer on flodis
i feel inclined to only write text
in less than 40 columns
as if this were a commodore 64

i saw a michael moore segment
tonight and they put a guy in the
gallows because he was a sinner
and he was wearing a commodore
amiga shirt.  that made me excited
and my stomach got disturbed.  i
felt sick but nick didn't have any
7-up, which is supposed to help
an upset stomach.  oh well, it's
not too bad anymore but after
seeing the flower of beauty tonight
i may not be able to get to sleep.

it is sad how much i let stupid
things affect me.

don't send your seeds to sprout
in my garden.  it's a fluxy kinda
pad.  germaniums grow in my
garden but they're not the only
flowers, there are also lots of 

                                SPRUCE TREES!

                SPRUCE PLANTS!

    SPRUCE BRUCE!

meet spruce bruce.  

HE'S GOT THE SPRUCE TO TURN YOU LOOSE.

boom shaka-laka.  HE'S ON FIRE!

my heart's on fire, baby, like a rotus mondi, my turdle turns on a total
wandy, understand my train of taughty, MR ED'S A REAL HOTTIE!  PLUCK HIM
FROM BEHIND!  NAAAAAAAYYYYY 

HORSES OF DISRUPTION

HORSES OF EPISCOPALIA
H           O   E

hogs of entropy
zine
rules the planet.

happy birthday, miss america, wear your dress and wave to your teeth, the
cameras say "hi, you're dumb!  smile at me!"  and i stumble over my feet to
walk to your room and offer you wine.  your door is locked and somebody's
already brought you wine, i can smell it through the crack in the wall.  

germaniums.  hah.  germany is where it's at.  IT is at GERMANY.  that's
where.

poo.  i hate you.
no, i burp, don't.

god, i am really frustrated, i make myself frustrated.  nobody does it to
me, i do it to myself, and there's nothing, anjee and tasha, that you can
do about it.  well, i mean, you could write me an email and i could put
that email in flodis.  i don't know if aster would let me put her email in
flodis, but i would like to.  this will be a test.  aster, i say, aster,
can i put your email you sent me in a flodis?  it will take center stage
like the elephants holding each others' tails in trunks.  hay for sale.

i don't want to sign off but i know i should and i will attempt to go to
sleep now, flodis is my night time ritual, i should brush my teeth instead.
 it's another way to remove the plaque and prevent tooth decay. i shouldn't
eat candy before i go to bed.  my mom used to tell me that a lot, but my
mom told me a lot of stuff, and a good percentage of it was useless crap
that wasn't true.  so don't listen to my mom.  

byebye, clean socks.

flodis                     kitchens of distinction
flodis flodis        cromagnon magnum man
flodis flodis flodis        perverted tango sailor
    flodis flodis        privvy tailor man
    flodis                    twisted reaper twist
flodis                   majestic marksman fist
flo ...............  ating in the ether
a wedding makes a man.

#12
anjee and tasha
this thing was in your email box

