[as published in Summer 2004 edition of 2600]

The Lantronix SCS 1620: An Unpublicized Gold Mine
By JK

This article is a simple no-nonsense run down of the defaults
and specifcations of the Lantronix SCS-1620.  It is used all
over the place, including one of the nations biggest chains
of banks, and in several universities.  It is surprisingly
common to come across systems that have been put on a network
(especially headless ones) and not configured at all.
Hopefully administrators who use these devices will realize
that with the publicly available information below, their
network could be penetrated easily, and subsequently
computers that hold important financial information could
be comprimised.  No one wants to see their bank account
emptied as a result of negligant administration.

The SCS 1620 from Lantronix is a very cool device.  It has
16 RS-232 serial ports on the back, so you can control
devices (primarily computers) with ease.  Beyond that, it
is a pizza box shaped RedHat Linux box with a 128 mb memory
card, a 2 row LCD on the front, an optional modem module for
dialup access, a 10/100 ethernet port to put it on the network,
a terminal interface direct COMM access, and a PCU8 port to
connect to the Lantronix PCU8 power manager.

The default banner is simply 'SCS 1620'.  

The default communication parameters for the terminal and
device ports are as follows:
9600 baud
8 data bits
1 stop parity
No parity
Xon/Xoff flow control
port type of DCE

The modem port's default parameters for the modem port are
the same, except with a baud rate of 38400, and RTS/CTS flow
control.

The power manager port (PCU8) has the same defaults as the
terminal and device ports, except the port type is DTE.

The device and PCU8 ports can be configure for baud rates of
2400-115.2k baud, and as DTE or DCE.

By default, the only user that can log in is 'sysadmin'
(default password 'PASS').  Once inside, you can change
various settings, or go into what they call root mode (simply
a shell) by typing bash.  from there you can SU, and the
default password is 'root'.  As sysadmin or root, you can
write perl scripts.

So admins, when you take the SCS 1620 out of the box, don't
just plug it into the network and be glad it works, configure
it (type setup)!  If properly configured however, the SCS 1620
offers excellent security and incredible functionality.

If you happen to be inside one of these boxes for whatever
reason, here is a list of commands to try out (the obvious
ones have no explanation, just google it!).

adduser
alias
cat 
clear
deluser
direct - direct mode on (for device communication)
dtedce - configure device port type
editbrk - edit user 'send break' sequence
editdev - edit device settings
editesc - edit escape sequence
edituser - edit user settings
exit - deselect a port
help - show help
info - show system information
less
listdev - list device names
listen - listen on a port
listusers
logout
man
passwd
poweroff
reboot
SAVE - save programmaing changes
select - select a port
scp - secure copy
setup - use to initially configure the SCS1620
sftp
ssh
ssh keygen
telnet
timeout - set timeout timers
version - show version info
install_modem

Remember, there is nothing wrong with exploration, don't
abuse your situation and give us hackers a bad name, but
don't be afraid to look around some computer systems.

Shout Outs: DS, SW, JCH, HJ, AP, LB etc...
