Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease
ִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִ
StrictlyתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתBy James Hetfield
תתתתתתתתתTextתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת"Urinal Horrors"תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת
תתתתתתתתתתתתתתDistributionתתIssue Sixתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת
ִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִ
Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease

                 Urinals, we all have grown to love them.  The ability 
        to not have to sit down to get a quick leak out has warmed the 
        hearts of many a male adolescant.  But sometimes, experiences 
        in urinals can ruin one's whole perspective on the lovely 
        pieces of technology.

                My experience I am about to share really did happen.  
        It took place a few weeks ago, and only now am I courageous 
        enough to share this horrible tragedy with the world.  I had 
        to build up my strength, for when you hear the story you will 
        understand.

                It was a typically average day, and I was in the boys' 
        gym locker room.  I felt the familiar urge, and I proceeded 
        toward the bathroom area.  When I arrived there, I found a 
        person using the left urinal, a person using the right urinal, 
        and the middle urinal unoccupied.  Three people were standing 
        around, seemingly waiting to use the urinals.  Why, I 
        pondered, were they standing around to use a urinal when one 
        is open and ready for buisness?  I proceeded with caution to 
        the middle urinal.

                When I got there, and began to unzip my bugle boy 
        jeans, the guy at the right urinal finished up and left.  The 
        guy on the left urinal looked at me strangely, than said, "Can 
        you move over?"

                Needless to say, I had already begun my little task.  
        I wasn't about to walk a foot and pee all over the bathroom.  
        I said politely, "Excuse me?".  He replied, "Can you move 
        over?  I cannot pee with you next to me."  He then walked 
        backward a few steps.  I had no choice but to tell him the 
        honest truth.  "I'm sort of busy at the moment.  Give me a few 
        seconds." I told him as I finished up.

                After doing my little wiggle, to get the little extra 
        urine off my wee-wee, I zipped up my bugle boy jeans and 
        stepped back.  The guy then went back to the left urinal and 
        started to ... well ... urinate.

                 Now, what most people don't seem to understand is a 
        man's urinal is his secret spot.  He finally has some peace 
        and quiet there while he does his buisness.  And this guy, who 
        broke my concentration by talking to me, he entirely changed 
        my perception of reality.  How will I ever pee in a public 
        place again?  Sigh.  Life is hard.
 

[תFile 06תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתת3621 bytesתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתUrinal Horrorsתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתBy James Hetfieldתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת04/14/95תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
 
