Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease
ִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִ
StrictlyתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתBy Kojak
תתתתתתתתתTextתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת"My View of the Computer World"תתתתתתתת
תתתתתתתתתתתתתתDistributionתתIssue Eightתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת
ִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִ
Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease

         Computers.  They're amazing.  They do in 2 seconds what 99.99999999
percent of humans can't do in 2 hours. 2 days.  Computers rock.  I was a 
little late getting on the ol' computer bandwagon, but I joined in somewhere 
around June of '93.  I was living in Ft. Worth, Texas at the time and I 
joined a chat board down there (somehow, as though it were instinct, I knew 
to stay away from the evil Prodigy, AOL, etc).
        This Chat Board was called Shifting Illusions, and it was so new to 
me, so cool and 3l173, I just about pissed in my pants when I called. I had a
2400 internal modem, which was conveniently placed in the back of my Tandy
286.  I was just so cool.  
        I have seen a lot since then, and a lot of it, I haven't liked. 
Before I got really into it, I thought that the myriad of places to call were
each, in their own ways, separate utopias.  Well, Bucko, I was proved wrong.
Much like the real world, the online world has its problems.  When you think 
about it, computer life is regular life without human interaction.  But, 
alas, my main goal is not to whine about my experiences, but to educate the 
future modem geeks.  So I have compiled a list of generic types of people to 
watch out for when online.. Be it a chat, w4r3z board, message board, or 
other..

PEOPLE TO WATCH OUT FOR ONLINE:

m0r0nz:  People that are so new to the whole idea of a computer, that their
         power button confuses them.  A definite annoyance, these people can
         also be deadly.  They might accidently push the "red button" when 
         hacking for the first time on their brand new multi-$$$$$ 28.8 USR 
         courier.  Although they look innocent enough, they are a group that
         need to be watched.


Bitch'z: Although the title tends to suggest a female consistency throughout
         the group, there is a strong male population among this contingency.
         These people are once again an annoyance, and just a general hassle.
         I myself might be considered one of these people, as might my friend
         jh.  We're typical bitch'z, just looking for a fight.  We pick on 
         weak, and have fun doing it.  We don't necessarily mean what we say,
         we're just out for a reaction.  Wherever you go, there will be people
         like us, so keep that in mind.  As long as there are people to react
         to what we say, there will be people like us there.. Hanging, like 
         buzzards in the air.

hackers: Hackers. What can you say? They hack, and they're proud of it.  What
         is hacking, you ask?  It's basically (what I learned from my 1 month
         stint as a hacker, back in the fall o' 1994) fucking with telephone
         lines, and the telephone company.  The main goal is to have a little
         bit of fun, and cause a little bit of damage.  Oh yea, also to:
         K   I   L   L      M   A      B   E   L   L  (at&t).  Everyone hates
         ameritech and the like, cuz the company has a conspiracy to steal
         all of our money.. money that us HACKERZ stole fair and square.  We
         are an elitist group, you have to work to become an accepted one of 
         us.  Also, if you cross us, WE'LL COME CHARGE LD PHONE CALLS TO YOU!
         So don't fuck with the hackerz, you're just fucking with yourself.  
         Remember, these are the people that wear TRENCHCOATS.. the menaces
         to society.  They'll SLIT you, like some 50's road gang shit, if you
         don't be nice to them.  They are nocturnal, going out to hunt for
         phone wires at night, with their punk rock music, black trenchcoats,
         cheap 14-year-old whores, and the like.  They are the scum of 
         society, but they're tough lit'l WHITE suburban kids. You have never 
         felt the wrath of anyone till you have felt the wrath of a 15 year 
         old rich, white, suburban, trenchcoat-wearin', dead kennedys' 
         listenin', tough ass kid.  It's scary shit.

pervs:   Pervs.  They're everywhere.  All around us.  We're all a perv.  
         We all want sex.  There are just a few of us, though, that want it a
         little more than others.  The incessant ones.  They'll stop at no 
         cost to ask you out, or to get modem sex from you.  If you cave in, 
         cuz you're new at this, you'll never be left alone again.  So, my 
         advice to new computer geeks, stay away from the big pervs.  It's 
         for your own good.  And if you're a perv, sorry if I offended you.

AND FINALLY:

vendors: These people slow down the modeming world.  These are people like
         G-MAN, who do nothing but call up places and offer to buy/sell 
         products.  Typical quote: "Hey, anybody wanna buy a CamCorder? Real
         Cheap! only $300!" .. These people are to be ignored, maimed, 
         perhaps even slain.  They are the Home Shopping Club of online 
         America.  Watch out for them, and protect yourself.  If you get a 
         chance, make an offensive maneuver, and stab 'em to death.

vendors v1.1:  There is another kind of online vendor, a promoter of sorts.
               Although a rare species, the board promoter (boardius 
               promotius) is one heck of an annoying guy.  Famous board 
               promoters might bring in a few callers, but you have to be
               very skilled, and practiced at the art.  He gets a caller just 
               about every time he goes a' hunting.  If you plan to have your 
               own board, and you need a promoter, talk to this guy.. he'll 
               hook ya up.

                            About this list:

        Yes, I know that this list is EXTREMELY abbreviated, but for someone
to actually go through all the different types of modemers (that's what we're
called, folks!), and then to put down all that information in a file.. well, 
lets leave a task that big to a government agency.  They're coming to monitor
us anyway, might as well put them to good use..So, I have attempted to put a
very abbreviated version up, for the new modemer.  I hope that eventually, 
this file will be distributed on a disk with all new modems, but that hasn't 
happened yet.. so we'll distribute by word of mouth.  
[תFile 08תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתת7382 bytesתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתMy View of the Computer Worldתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתBy Kojakתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת04/15/95תתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
 
