Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease
ִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִ
StrictlyתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתBy James Hetfield
תתתתתתתתתTextתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת"Idle Idols"תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת
תתתתתתתתתתתתתתDistributionתתIssue Fourתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת
ִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִ
Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease
 
    One of the hardest things about reaching adulthood is watching the
heroes of childhood fall.  This is one of the painful aspects of life that
we all end up going through.
    It all started for me with Mark McGwire.  Back in 1987, I was 10 years
old.  Back in 1987, I was a basball freak.  Back in 1987, Mark McGwire hit
49 home runs, breaking the record for most home runs hit by a rookie.  I
fell instantly in love with this baseball player, thinking he was the
greatest to ever have lived.  After that year, he never really lived up to
how he started out.  But my confidence about him never diminished, and only
when I was totally losing interest in baseball did the reality behind him
catch up to me.  He was not what I believed him to be.
    Two years ago, I met a guy that ya'll know as Guido Sanchez.  He
instantly caught me as one of the most intelligent people I had ever talked
to.  He quickly became put on a pedistal, in my mind.  Something to aspire
to become.  I see around me many people now who act like Guido, who talk
like Guido, who even dress like Guido.  But they don't know him like I do. 
They still have him up on the pedistal, whether they'd admit it or not.  You 
have to know a person to put them up on a pedistal.  And you have to know
them even better to watch them fall.
    Today, I see Guido Sanchez as a sex-crazed adolescant who is brighter
than everyone else, but does not use this intelligence for any good.  Which
is fine, that is his decision, and I have no problems with it.  It took me a 
long time to see Guido as what he is, an 18 year old boy who just has been
around a little longer than me in the computer world.  
    How did I get from seeing Guido Sanchez as an immortal figure to seeing
him as he is?  It's unhealthy to have a friend as a role model, but a lot of 
us do it.  I just learned, in time, that a person is a person, they're
human, they have flaws.  
    This year, I have watched the deterioration of the family structure in
my home.  It wasn't ever really normal, but this year it seems even more
chaotic.  I have watched my mother, who was ultimately always my greatest
role model, fall from her heights to become a woman, a woman who does not
know what she's going to do with the rest of her life.  It's painful.  It's
hard.  It's strange, at most.  But its part of growing up.  Many people know 
flaws in their parents.  Yet even though I knew of many, I still looked up
to my mother.  She always had a knack of keeping things together at hard
times.  Except this time. 
    Look at your own life and see who your role models are.  Should you
really base your own beliefs on them?  Probably not.  One of the scariest
things about today's society is how many people have musical artists and
sports figures as role models and heroes.  In my opinion, people should not
be looking up to men like Trent Reznor and Eddie Vedder.  Or Jim Morrison. 
These men may make great music, but as role models they fall short.  
    My newspaper did a poll of recent heroes.  They simple asked the
question "Who is your hero and why?".  I will leave you with the responces
they printed.

         "Wolverine, he's my favorite hero because he can get himself
          claws." -a 5 Year old boy

         "My daddy is my hero because I love him." -a 5 year old boy

         "Superman, he saves me from harm." -a 5 1/2 year old boy

         "Michael Jordan because he came back and even though
          they lost their first game he hung in there." -a 16 yr old boy

         "Jesus is my hero because he helped so many people and he
          died for us." -a 16 year old boy

         "Jimmy Hendrix because he made great music." -a 17 year old boy

         "My boyfriend, because he's always there to save me and
          make everyday better than it would be without him." -a 17 year
          old girl

         "My dad and my kids because they've achieved a lot in life 
          and hold good morals." -Peter Zorn, age 47

[תFile 04תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתת5089 bytesתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתIdle Idolsתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתBy James Hetfieldתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת04/14/95תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
 
