Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease
ִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִ
StrictlyתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתBy James Hetfield
תתתתתתתתתTextתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת"Reincarnation: How to"תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת
תתתתתתתתתתתתתתDistributionתתIssue Oneתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת
ִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִ
Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease

        Once upon a time... fuck it.

        It's two o'clock in the morning, and I'm not going to even attempt
to be poetic and witty and sarcastic at the same time.  I'm sitting here 
staring at a plastic cup I was drinking pepsi out of.  The cup has a 
"commemorative" cup for the Chicago Cubs 1984 pennant 10 year anniversary.
If that is not the epidimy of Chicago, I don't know what is.

        Chicago is a city too caught up in its past, and not worrying enough
about its future.  The cubs haven't been to the world series since 1909, I 
believe.  Yet we still make stupid cups that say "10 year anniversary" of
a playoff birth.  Pretty pathetic.

        The creative talent in Chicago is dormant, too.  We tend to sit 
around and reminisce about "back in the day"; When things were supposedly
better, and all was good.  Well, that day never existed.  We've always sat
around and thought boy how times change -- yet they do not.  1989 was no 
better of a year than 1995.  It's simply what you make of it.  

        This goes for cyberspace as well.  I find myself looking back, 
thinking how wonderful the text file group [MiLK] went, and wondering why
it isn't the same way today.  Well, I'm done with that phase.  It took some
indirect advice, from someone who does not live in Chicago, to wake me out
of my rust circle trance; life is what you make of it.  The same goes for
text files.  Who cares if no one reads what I write?  I write for no one 
else.  Who cares if no one submits?  I write so the world doesn't think of
all computer geeks and "HaCKaHS!" and "PReAHaKS!".  

        Which brings me to my next point; Although there are many lit 'zinez
out on the scene now, there are equally as many hacking/phreaking 'zines as
well.  That really bothers me.  Why can't we just shut these people up? When
will they learn NO ONE in their right mind cares how to make a water bomb?
Informational exchange is great, but not when it becomes h/p zine vs. h/p
zine.  The same goes for lit groups.

        I lost track of what text filin' was all about -- probably one of
the reasons M&T flopped so hard as it did.  Literature isn't about
affiliation, or distribution, or dedication even; It's a disease.  Some
people have it, some people do not.  It's called graphomania - the need to
get things down on paper.  There are two forms of it; One that is private, 
and one public.  I obviously have the public version.  That's what text files
are really about.  Graphomania.

        I also lost track on who I can depend on and who I cannot.  I began
to get the "LD itch".  I thought because I called New Jersey I'd be able to
get lots of people to become interested in my tfile group.  That was not
the case.  Tfile groups are make and break in their homeland, there's
not much else to it.  And I, I live in a city where tfilin' is almost 
extinct.

        It's 2am and I'm using lots of semicolons; that's a really bad 
sign.  So let me close by saying the reason I'm creating YET another tfile
group is simply so I myself can force myself to keep writing.  If I don't
run a tfile group, I usually do not do much writing.  

 The group name: At first I thought I was going to create a group on 
        the basis of the  symbol, but that wore off quickly.  I picked
        "Strictly Text Distribution" Because I think that sums up what
        I now believe tfilin' is about; putting the heart and soul into
        the writing itself, not the attempts to show it off.

 STD conflicts:  I don't know if there are any other groups out there
        with the name STD, if there are, sorry, but I guess you're not
        well known enough.  Contact James Hetfield if this is the case,
        if you've seen a group with that name.  And tell him/me what
        the group specializes in.

 STD submissions:  All interested in submitting to STD, I'm honored.  
        You can probably find me somehow, if you've found this issue.

And now for something completely different...


[תFile 01תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתת5094 bytesתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתReincarnationתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתBy James Hetfieldתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת04/14/95תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
