Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease
ִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִ
StrictlyתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתBy Nyarlathotepתת
תתתתתתתתתTextתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת"Anarchy Again"תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת
תתתתתתתתתתתתתתDistributionתתIssue Ninteenתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת
ִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִ
Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease
        
        This is in response to <issue number> Anarchy Today. While it is
true that the H/P/V/A/C/M/P/Q/R people think they are anarchists, they
really arent. According to my Websters Collegiate Dictionary the first
(and technically Primary) definition of anarchy is abscence of
government. It states nothing about violence or bombs or anything of the
sort.
        In fact anarchy was mans earliest means of social organization.
Way back in time, before the days of agriculture people lived in bands,
or tribes, composed of relatives. There was no inherent leader to these
groups. Simply for each task the person that was the best at it led. The
best hunter would lead them in the hunt for example. Makes perfect
sense, now dont it? Of course the presence of cities changed this all.
Because then someone thought of the idea of MONEY!
        Money is the root of all Evil.
        Think about it, and its not such a bad hypothesis. Id say that
almost all criminal undertakings are undertaken because of a desire of a
gain of wealth. Where would we be today without money? I dont know.
Perhaps none of todays great technologies would be invented, and Id be
writing this on clay. I dont know.
        I digressed a little there. Now on to more anarchy. Anarchy
means lawlessness, only in the fact that in an anarchy there would be no
laws. But there wouldnt be any money either, or property in such a sense
either, so that would make crime unnecessary. So anarchy in itself is
not bad. It actually is almost a utopian system... but in a world of
capitalism it could not exist. Well at least not in a capitalism like
the US.
        Now on to nihilism. This is the belief that society is so fucked
 up that there is no way to fix it save blowing it all to bits. Now this
 sounds more like the anarchists of today. However, these people had
 beliefs, and they didnt just wantonly destroy things. Well for the most
 part at least.
        I propose we call the anarchs of today psychopaths, because
 thats what they are. Theyve strayed the path of nihilism too far, and
 have become a danger to humanity for no apparent reason. Eugene Debbs
 would not be proud.
        A little discord is ok.. but you dont have to go blowing people
 up. What did the Oklahoma Bombing prove? Nothing. All it did is make
 people more paranoid.. and generate 100000000000000000 news stories
 about evil text files on the internet. Of course the original
 Anarchists Cookbook, a PAPER book, which is very available, is hardly
 ever mentioned. Goes to show how people fear what they dont understand.
        I admit that society isnt so great. Its a pisser actually. Why
 should I have to cut my hair to get a job? If I can do the work, that
 should be fine. Especially if all ill be doing is typing. Rah Rah!
 (Time to go into my own personal Diatribe). If the friggin company wont
 hire me for who I am, I dont see why I should work for them. Of course
 my parents give me the shit like :You need hte money: (apostrophe key
 dont work.. ARGH!), etc. And I see their point, but why should I
 help enforce theys rules of society I dont believe in. I have the
 choice of living with myself, being who I am, and being broke. ANd
 perhaps being what someone else says I should be, and having cash. Its
 actually a hard choice, and its a matter that I am thinking about
 greatly. I dont want to cut my hair. I like it the way it is. And I
 especially dont want to cut it because someone else says I should!
        If people based people on people, and not by their
 appearance,the world would be a better place. This isnt a new
 revalation, its just a fact. And I try my hardest to live by this rule,
 and I realize its a hard thing to do. But having a ponytail Doesnt
 effect my ability to type, so I should still be able to be hired.
        I am talking in circle, so I think its time I wrap up my little
 tirade. Dont blow things up physically.. do it mentally. Youll get
 farther.
[תFile 19תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתת5061 bytesתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתAnarchy Againתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתBy Nyarlathotepתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת05/14/95תת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
 
