Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease
ִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִ
StrictlyתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתBy King Krazy
תתתתתתתתתTextתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת"Dusty"תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת
תתתתתתתתתתתתתתDistributionתתIssue Elevenתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת
ִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִ
Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease
      
      It started with the piano, where they snapped the strings and set
down our self esteem a notch.  They went to the dining room cabinet from
there and disassembled it piece by piece, breaking all the fine china, and
taking the pieces back with them to their compound in the hills of the sofa.
They ranted and raved, and chanted their unholy hymns. We sat gagged and
blindfolded. Watched by 40 of them, watched a little bit too carefully
from where their compound stood, from the dining room to the back
porch. They were unstoppable. They attacked the kitchen, ripping pipes
apart with their teeth. 
        They lurk everywhere. They attack our minds through telepathy 
and rip at our grey matter with ease. They control us without compassion. 
They attacked the water bed. They drained it carefully, for water was their 
only enemy. They took apart the TV and watched us squirm as they taunted us. 
They took our things back to the compound and disassembled them, to make 
the grand weapon of destruction. They will try to take over the world. 
First my house, then yours, then the city, then the... well you get the 
point. From the bedroom they attacked the den where they ate all the fine 
cigars and rob the place for all its worth. They took the desk and mounted 
this monstrous weapon upon it. To the basement they went, destruction 
followed them, and tormented us. With their comradeship they vowed never to 
give up. They vow to give all their worth to the sacred country that they 
love. In the basement they ate the pool table, taking the balls back to the 
compound. They broke the sticks, and ate them. They took the old light bulbs 
and when they got back from their destruction of the basement they pegged us 
with them. They laughed and teased us with glee, they loved it, it got them 
high and got them off. From all this madness one rose to power, one called 
Kneit. Kneit inducted a code of conduct for all his loyal troops as did 
Napoleon. Brainwashing them into the mass of Borge that them became. 
Following his every word the house was destroyed and all was taken to the 
compound, or should i call it everywhere, because the compound was just not 
the sofa anymore. NO, it was the whole house, all over you saw wires and 
gadgets streaming from an unending center. Kneit ordered that all be 
salvaged and when he sees they are done, formed a society. A society called 
the Mute, from which none could talk or be seen. The Mute lead by Kniet grew
and grew until nothing could be seen of the house. My family was dead, I was 
the only left alive to see any of this. They killed them for pure enjoyment. 
My hatred for them is unmeasurable. They made the decision, they moved from 
the house. On they went into the night without control, without reason. Lead 
by Kniet they live on and on, forced into the land of utter unmeaning. For 
life ceased where Kniet lives, for all ceases where Kniet lived. Kniet 
controled the house and then from there to the closed area of the city soon. 
Next few weeks were horrible. They have spread across city to all the houses, 
no human was spared. They few that lived, like me, don't live long, I 
question why I am still alive. They move on taking the US by force. The US, 
ran by our puny democracy, is turned into a total monarchy with Kniet as its 
main central power. With the power of the US in their hands they spread to 
all the other countries taking the different customs of tier countries with 
great pride. Adapting our way of life in theirs. They become us, taking 
power.  I am the only human left upon the retched earth, or as I know. 
Different compounds are formed. Kniet allows it, a mistake. 
      For once the compounds are formed, there are revolutions. With
revolutions comes death, with death there sin. There is war and famine
among them and Kniet is thrown from his seat and sent away never to be
seen again. Death is a set loop where it never ends until it kills all of
and none is left. For this happens and they are gone. I have my freedom
and am left to be alone for 7 days and 7 nights. Until I find the others
in which we reform the human race. 
        From now on I sweep every 5 hours just in case it happens again.
For they might come if you careful and do not think. Check the corners and
check the walls. Do NOT let them form, for they are the cause for all
death and destruction if they get to organized. Kill them off before they
get you first

                                :The DustBunny

[תFile 11תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתת5601 bytesתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתDustyתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתBy King Krazyתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת04/18/95תתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
 
