Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease
ִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִ
StrictlyתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתBy James Hetfield
תתתתתתתתתTextתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת"Doritos And the Human Condition"תתתת
תתתתתתתתתתתתתתDistributionתתIssue Fourteenתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת
ִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִ
Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease

        I have too many fucking doritos today.  How does a man, with mortal
instinct and mortal sin. who has endless hunger and endless passion, have
too many fucking doritos? The answer lies within...
        A Dorito, if you are unfamiliar, is a type of tortilla chip, covered
with nacho flavoring (unless you are speaking of a different flavor, which
will be described later), that comes in a really big bad full of them.  They
happen to be triangular shaped.  They are sharp enough to kill a man.  They
have a mild nacho-EE flavor that makes you want to vomit at first, but after
a while grows on you as a parasite would.
        They're gross.  They simply do not taste good.  Yet, as a human,
I eat them and say "Fuck, these suck", but continue to eat them because
there are no other snack foods in the house, and I dare not make myself
some dinner.  As time grows by, I don't mind them anymore, just as a leper
learns not to mind his skin that is falling off piece by piece.  He might
even learn to enjoy it, as I have learned to enjoy my Doritos. 
        Why do we do this?  Why do we subject ourselves to eat shitty junk
food that might not even taste good?  Because Jay Leno says so?  No, my 
friends, there is more behind this.  It's the human condition.
        Take the typical high school kid.  He works at a fast food joint.
He hates his job, he curses about it every time he has to go there, yet
he still works there.  And in time, he doesn't mind the job anymore, it has
become a mold on his ass.  He may grow up someday to become a fast food
joint manager, a position almost as esteemed as God himself.
        Take the typical college boy.  He doesn't go to college to learn
or anything, he goes to join a fraternaty, to get out of his house, and
to get drunk and stoned for four years straight.  He doesn't want to learn
anything.  But slowly he begins to go to his classes enough to pass, even
though he hates them.  He conforms to the system.  And in time, he gets a
mediocre-paying job in a business firm where everyone is like him, and no
one has any ingenuity.
        This is the fate of the human condition.  If we do not aware 
ourselves to the fact, we tend to gulp town entire bags of Doritos, we
tend to get stupid jobs at fast food joints, we tend to go to our classes
even though "all we wanna do is have some fun", and we tend to not mind
our skin falling off.  If we're a leper, that is.
        How do we break this cycle?  We can't.  Haha.  I bet you thought I
had this great 12 step plan to become your own person, didn't you?  Well 
blow me.  There is no plan.  If, by the time you are reading this little
article, you are not already your own person that makes choices for himself,
you're doomed to be a leper in our society.  And if you have forgotten, 
Jesus is dead.
        If, by some miracle of fate, you ARE your own person, well, you 
constantly have to watch out for when you are doing things for yourself..
and when you are doing things because you don't have anything to do for 
yourself.  For example, at the moment of writing this, I put the half-empty
bag of Doritos back into the kitchen.  A month ago, I quit my horrible
job at a fast food restaurant.  And I got my leprousy cured at the only
Leper Sanitarium left in the US, in Lousiana. (Look it up - my facts are
RIGHT).  
        I cannot promise the same success for you, for you are not me.  
But I can give you a piece of advice; if you consider yourself an 
individual, are you really?  If you throw yourself into a genre, into a 
group, obviously you are not.  The human condition is to conform.  If you
are one who thinks they are an individual because they are into H/P/A/V/C,
you are wrong, my foe.  If you are one who thinks they are an individual 
because they are "punk", you are wrong.  If you are one who thinks they
are an individual because they are a football player, you are wrong.  An
individual is comprised of the sum of himself minus the sum of his cliques.
If your identity is solely comprised of being a computer geek, you are 
nothing.  If your identity is comprised of all the drugs you do, you are
nothing.  But if your identity is because of how you feel about 
meaningful realities of life -- Then you might, just possibly, be someone
worth writing this for.
        My girlfriend is in a Vocal Jazz group at our school.  They have
to do this little "bopping" thing while they're singing.  She hates bopping.
But she does it, because otherwise she would get kicked out of the group.
What she doesn't understand is that if she bops forever, she will forever 
bop.  If she stops bopping now, there's a chance somewhere in the future 
she will not have to bop anymore.  
        Similiarly, the punk culture attempts to fight against the music
industry, and all its hypocrises.  This itself is a noble attempt, however
the way they achieve it, by running around saying each and every band has
"sold out", is not the way to achieve it.  Read a non affiliated text file
called "SELLOUT.ZIP" by murmur for more in depth info about this.  It does
a very good job of explaining the same way I basically feel as well.  
        Finally, let's look at Pearl Jam for a moment.  Pearl Jam is one
of the many bands always being said to have "sold out".  Yet, look at the
havok they are causing in the record industy today.  The last time I remember
one small group of people able to take apart an entire industry was the
Nazi party in world war two.  Eddie Vedder, though not exactly a nazi, has
almost single-handedly undermined ticketmaster, and is continuing to do so.
That's the kind of thing that should be looked at by the large commercial
bands - how many of them do things like that?
        Well, my friends, the time has come to write a conclusion for this
babbling.  But, fuck you, my hot and sour soup has arrived.  So, as the
french say, "Stupid american tourist."

[תFile 14תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתת7024 bytesתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתDoritos and The Human Conditionתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתBy James Hetfieldתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת05/05/95תת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
 
