Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease
ִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִ
StrictlyתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתBy James Hetfield
תתתתתתתתתTextתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת"Reflections: Part Two"תתתתתתתתתתתתתת
תתתתתתתתתתתתתתDistributionתתIssue Sixteenתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת
ִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִ
Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease

_6_

        She was right about to head out the school doors when 
she saw the rain pouring down outside.  Annoyed, she thought 
about perhaps finding a friend to drive her home, but decided 
to hurry up and get it over with.
        She opened the door and walked outside quickly.  In 
moments she was drenched.  It was a very cold rain, and in 
seconds she began to shiver.
        She cursed the sky for throwing all this water at 
her.  She cursed herself for not finding a ride.  She cursed a 
car that splashed water all over her.  She cursed anything and 
everything until she realized she didn't feel that cold anymore.
        The rain began to remind her of the summers she would 
spend at her grandfather's cabin, and the lake the cabin was 
next to.  She would go swimming in that lake every day of the 
summer.  She loved the cooless of the water, the feeling of 
lightness it gave her as she drifted through it, and how it 
would wake her up early in the morning.  She didn't go last 
summer.  She couldn't remember why not.
        Close to her house, she saw a large puddle in front of 
her.  She couldn't resist the temptation.  She leaped into the 
puddle, without thought of her clothes from The Gap, without 
throught of getting sick, and without thought of how she was 
not acting grown-up.  After she had finished, her jeans were 
totally soaked through up to the theighs.
        By the time she got home, she knew she had a fever.  
She pressed her hands against her face and felt the warmth 
from her forehead.  A wave of relaxation overcame her.  She 
wanted to lay down in the wet grass and sleep, but she 
didn't.  For the first time in a long while, she felt real.  
She felt in tune to every part of herself.  Her ankles and 
feet were beginning to feel sore because of her soaked socks.  
Her legs felt every movement that she made, rubbing up against 
the wet denim.      
     Before she went into her house, she took a deep breath 
of the humid air, and scanned the wet, beautiful 
surroundings.  The only thing she missed while she looked was 
the smiling boy leaning up against the streetlamp. 

_7_ 

        She hadn't seen Chris for an entire week because of 
his trip to California.  He might move there to go to a 
musical school.  She didn't know how she would cope with him 
not being there.  
        She was very anxious to see him; she had purchased 
tickets for them to see his favorite band as a "welcome home" 
type of present.  She was wondering what he had gotten her.
        The doorbell rang.  Her mother answered, and sent 
Chris up to her room where she was waiting for him.  As he 
entered the room, she saw the smile on his face as he looked 
at her.
        He sat down next to her.  He put his arms around her 
and kissed her hard, so hard her lips went numb for a moment.  
He kissed her again, moving his hands along the form of her 
body.  He roughly combed her hair out of her face.  He began
to lower her onto the bed.
        Her body was performing small acts of protest against 
his onslaught of lust.  She would slowly guide his hands away 
from her body, but he was moving like a machine now, not 
paying any attention to any responses by her.
        Stop, she barely murmured.  He paused, then proceeded 
to thrust his tongue into her ear.  Stop, she said again, to 
which she felt him shift his weight all over her body.  Stop, 
she growled, and almost threw him off the bed.
        He sat up, annoyed, and muddled out a what's wrong or 
two.  After a while, he asked her what she thought of the 
shirt he was wearing, he had bought it for his best friend, 
Will.
        And for the rest of the night, she stared at the 
ceiling as he flipped a guitar pick up in the air.   He 
finally said he would talk to her some other time, and 
hurried out of the house.

_8_

        Smoke was drifting into their booth, even though they 
were in the non-smoking area.  A man with a large cigar was 
sitting a few seats behind them.
       She had ordered a piece of cheesecake that had a 
strange aftertaste, as if it had been lying around 
unrefrigerated for too long.  It also had bread crumbs all 
over it that tasted weird.  She wasn't used to anything 
besides Eli's Cheezecakes.
        She watched him stir around the Clam Chowder he had 
ordered.  When the Clam Chowder came, he stared at it, and 
asked the waitress if she had brought the wrong kind of soup.
He had only had New England Clam Chowder, and this soup he 
had in front of him was very strange to him.
        She wanted to talk to him, to really tell him what was 
going through her mind, but she couldn't.  She sat there, 
making little efforts to say something, but ended up 
commenting on how stupid things are.  He agreed.
        Sometimes she would just listen to what he was 
saying.  She didn't stare into his face because she was afraid 
to.  But she would listen and wonder how he came up with some 
of the beliefs he had about the world.  He once explained to 
her how he believed that most people he hated in life he hated 
because they reminded him of the things he hates most about 
himself.  And that this is the case with most people in the 
world, they hate the people who remind them of the things they 
hate most about themselves.  She felt she couldn't have ever 
come up with something like that.
        They paid their bill, but left no tip for the 
waitress.  They left the restaurant, and got into her car.  She 
didn't like driving the car as much as the van, but she had to 
do with whatever her parents let her borrow at the time.  
        "So, where should we go?", She asked him.  
        "I don't know", he answered.  She was a little annoyed 
by this.  He never had anywhere he wanted to go.  
        "Well, figure out somewhere, or I'll drop you off
at home." she impatiently commanded.
        "Turn Left."  She did.  
        She parked parallel to the curve, and got out of the 
car.  He followed.  She looked around, and saw a wide open 
park, and in front of them a set of swings.  
        "My old junior high."
        "I know.  I have been here before.  I played soccer 
in my junior high days, and I remember playing here.... we won."
        "I'm Glad." 
        The darkness of the sky was a great contrast to 
the illuminated factory on their right.  She stared up at the 
sky while she walked over to the swing set and sat down.  She 
let her legs kick in the wind as she sat there, taking in the 
cool night air.
        "What is on your mind?"  She looked over at 
him and smiled.  Chris never asked what was on her mind.  
        She sighed. "nothing", and smiled back at him.  
        She got up and walked away a few feet from the swings.  
She stared at the open soccer field.  It was their only win of the 
season.  They won 1-0.  She suddenly felt foolish.  That was 
junior high, she thought to herself.  She had changed a lot 
since then, she kept telling herself.  
        "I used to write a journal when I was in junior high, 
and when I looks back at it now I laugh at how silly I was back 
then.  
        He smiled again.  "you'll feel silly in a few years if you 
read what you write now, too."
        She smiled.  He was right.  It's all relative.  She 
looked back at him, and walked up to him.  He just sat there 
staring up at her.
        She took the chains of the swing into her hand and 
shook him around.  He was so surprized he almost fell out of 
the swing.  They both laughed.  They both smiled.  
        She was feeling very weird.  Very free.  She didn't 
like it.  
        "I have to go soon."  
        "All right."  
        They looked at each other for a while, then she walked 
over to the car and got in.  He followed slowly behind.
        She stopped outside of his house.  They looked at each 
other for a while.  
        "I really have to go."  
        He said OK, and got out of the car.  She drove off quickly. 
                                              
 _9_ 

        Chris called her that night.  He also came over while 
she was not home.  She was glad she didn't have to deal with 
him.  
        The phone rang.  It was Chris.  He was sorry, he 
said.  He had been stupid, he said.  He missed her, he said.  
He'd make it up to her somehow, he said.  He missed her, he 
said.  They had only been apart for a day, she said.  He 
didn't care, he said, he still missed her.  She wanted to call 
him a jerk, but she didn't.  She said she had to go because 
her mother was calling her.  Bye, he said.
        She always felt bad after she talked to Chris.  She 
thoguth about the way things were.  She had liked Chris for a 
year before he even noticed her.  She went to a friends party, 
and he talked with her the whole night.  A week later, she 
went to a concert he was singing in.  She felt everything he 
sang was directed at her.
        Where was Chris hiding now.  She wanted to know.
Was she being too hard on him.  Was she not looking at who he 
was.  Was she letting her own fears get in the way of seeing 
who he really was.  She did not know.  All she knew was that 
she loved him.  Whatever that meant. 
        The phone rang.  It was Chris again.  He was sorry, he 
said, just listen to me please.  She said ok.

_10_

        They had both been hanging out with a few of their 
friends that day, and he asked her for a ride home.  She said 
sure.
        It had been almost a week since she had seen him 
last.  One thing she knew she could count on was him being the 
same.  She felt very happy to have him as a friend.
        She looked over at him.  He seemed not himself today.  
He wasn't very hyper like he usually was.  In fact, if she 
didn't know better she'd even say he was depressed.  He let 
his hair fall into his face and he wouldn't bother to brush it 
back.  His hands constantly remained in his pockets.  His 
Counting Crows T-Shirt was very wrinkled, it looked as if he 
slept in it.
        She asked him if he'd like to go get some coffee, or 
something.  He stared at her.  "To stay or to go, it amounts 
to the same thing", he said.  Great, she said, I've got a lot 
of homework to do anyway.
        She took a detour to see if he would change his mind 
on the way.  She was in too good of a mood to go home anyway.  
She could not stop thinking about how wonderful last night was 
for her.  She couldn't think of any time she felt close to 
someone as she did Chris.  She was at a party with him, and had 
spent the entire time snuggled up in his arms.
        She looked over at him again, all slouched over in his 
seat.  She told him to cheer up.  Life may not be a bowl of 
cherries, but it's not the pits either, she said.  She 
remembered how he would say stupid metaphors like that to 
cheer her up when she was down.  He smiled faintly.
        She drove up to his house, and said the bus stops 
here.  He looked at her.  He stared at her.  I'll talk to you 
later, she said.  He kept staring at her.  This is the part 
where you say goodbye and get out of the car, she reminded 
him.  He stared at her.  She brought up her hand and he shook 
it slowly.  Bubbye, she said.
        He brought his hand up to her cheek and caressed it 
gently.  Oh god, she thought.  Her head jerked downwards so he 
could only see the top of her head.  Don't she thought wildly, 
Please don't.  Oh God, please don't.
        All she could think about was Chris.  The days, the
nights, the winters.  The T-Shirt he had bought for Will. 
The birthday party Chris had pre-planned all for her surprize.
The guitar pick he tossed.  How wonderfully he could sing.
        He looked at her for a moment.  He got out of the 
car.  He walked a few feet and turned around.  He stared at 
her.  She looked at him, and drove off.

[תFile 16תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתת13059 bytesתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתReflections: Part Twoתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתBy James Hetfieldתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת05/06/95תת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
 
