Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease
ִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִ
StrictlyתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתBy Kojak
תתתתתתתתתTextתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת"Sex Surveys"תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת
תתתתתתתתתתתתתתDistributionתתIssue Twelveתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת
ִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִ
Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease

       Sex surveys.  What's the point?  Basically, the point of sex surveys
(in my mind, at least), is to inform the public of everyones kinky sex acts.
Now although that may seem fun, most people are shocked by what they read.
Humans are sexual beings, and damnit, we do sexual things.  Things that make
other humans sick.  And guess what my job today happens to be? To enlighten
everyone about sex surveys, and what kind of questions are asked.  Sounds 
fun, eh?  Well, we'll see about that...
        Sex.  It's essential.  How we go about it is totally eclectic, 
though.  People have sex in literally hundreds, perhaps thousands of ways.
Otherwise known as "positions". These positions range from the ever-popular
doggie-style, to the more tame missionary.  But my point isn't to talk about
sex, cuz then the title of STD would be ALL too appropiate, and we don't want
anything like THAT to happen.   So let's delve into the world of the sex 
survey.. see what kinds of questions are asked.

(excerpts of questions taking from "Do you do it with the lights on?")

        A sample question to base the rest of this file on:

             If you have a Pet, do you let it stay in the room
             during sex?  And if so, do you let it stay on the 
             bed?


        I'm sorry, but what kind of question is that?  If I ever have sex 
(which is an extreme rarity amongst text file writers), I wouldn't be paying
attention to Spot.  Spot can lick my balls while I'm having sex for all I 
care.  I just wanna have sex.  Sex Sex Sex.  If you were to say, ask the same
question on the streets of new york.. you'd get weird answers..

Regular answer: "Most of the time, the pet's in the room... hardly ever on 
                 the bed."

New York Answer: "Yea, we let the pet stay.  Most of the time we dress 
                  him/her up in leather."
            
        That's the thing about sex surveys.. No matter how many people you 
ask, you're never going to get the FULL spectrum of answers.  Now, I'm not 
saying that New York is the kinkiest town in the U.S., but it's a common 
example given.  42nd Street is all I really need to say. Whores, Whores, and 
more Whores!  

                        (_*_) (_*_) (_*_)

        Sex surveys were a booming production in the early 1970's, after the
release of the now-famous Masters & Johnson sex survey.  Back in the late 60s
/early 70s, Masters & Johnson, two famous "sexologists" went around the 
country, studying the sex habits of the U.S. population.  They asked 
everything, from how often to what kind.. from what toys to how many people
involved.. and then they released their study.  The public was shocked. 
Shocked at themselves.  They were shocked, but also intrigued.  How could one
country have such various sexualities?  No one knew.. but the survey was the
only publication we had to go on, and go on it we did.  People used the info-
rmation gathered to change the way they look at sex.  The Masters & Johnson
survey created part of the freedom movement.  These were times of war and 
strife, and sex was a sometimes creative (if you were lucky) outlet.  Sex 
became popular.. more and more denizens of the acts were visible.  And to an
extent, it was a good thing.  That whole movement brought about the end of 
the infamous 1950s-do-everything-that-you're-told attitude.  And brought 
people like Madonna, and others.  Yes, the 70's were a good time, full of 
free loving, where "Let's go" was a good pickup line.  And all this was 
brought about, in part, by 2 people going around and asking questions about
sex.  So, as I have been writing, I have been switching my view on the topic.
As much as I thought sex surveys were unnecessary, I now see the true meaning
of what they are.  They are in fact modicums of progress.  Sexual progress.
And we all know that that is the best kind.


[תFile 12תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתת4976 bytesתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתSex Surveysתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתBy Kojakתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת04/18/95תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
 
