Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease
ִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִ
StrictlyתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתBy James Hetfield
תתתתתתתתתTextתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת"Reflection: Part One"תתתתתתתתתתת
תתתתתתתתתתתתתתDistributionתתIssue Thirteenתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת
ִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִ
Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease

_1_

        He had never been one to like malls, and this day was 
no different. He found himself walking around aimlessly, 
looking for the professional office he was told to wait by.  
All the people he passed seemed to be in a hurry, knowing 
what they were looking for.  A man and woman crossed his path,
hand in hand.  A smell of mexican food came from their mouths as
their breath drifted into his direction.
        He asked another man what time it was - 3:25.  He 
thanked him and continued looking around hopelessly.  He had 
just gotten out of school, he had no play rehearsal today, and 
he was in a very anxious mood.
        Finally, he found himself outside of the Professional 
Buildings, and sat himself down next to the doors of the 
building and began to read the book he had brought along.  A 
Farewell to Arms.  A little easy reading to get him in a 
wonderfully solemn mood.  
        The wind was beginning to bother him, the professional 
Buildings' entrance were located inside of a enclosed walkway 
that became a wind tunnel when the weather was acting like it 
was.  He buttoned up his satin Bulls' jacket, but that did 
little good.  The wind drove his spirit deep within him, 
making it even harder to concentrate on his book.
        He looked up, and kept watching anyone who entered the 
building.  He already knew she was going to be blonde haired, 
and obviously female and a teenager, but he wasn't sure of 
much more.  He was only able to get through a sentance or two 
before another person went through the doors and made him look 
up.  After about fifteen minutes of driving himself insane by 
watching each person, he finally settled himself on focusing on 
the book and not the mall shoppers moving around him.
        He took a deep breath of air.  He could not concentrate 
on the novel.  Catherine Barkely was going to have to wait until 
later.  He had enough of learning of all the different types of 
Italian alcohol products anyway.  A woman across from him looked 
in the window of a shoppe at her reflection and lightly touched 
up her hair and make-up.  Her ragged brown coat and clashing 
bright blue purse brought a vague smile to his lips.
        James? he heard a voice ask.  He looked over to see a 
long black wool coat standing before him, with somewhere 
inside of it a blonde-haired girl.  He quickly stood up and 
muddled out a hi or two.  She lifted up her hand, and he   
shook it lightly and quickly.  Her hand was very cold, with 
a damp feel to it, yet soft, and not that much smaller than 
his own hand.
        Their conversation lasted five minutes, with little 
said that wasn't already known between them.  The bulk of the 
time was spent nerviously standing there, making facial 
gestures to attempt to relieve the uneasiness, yet failing 
miserably.  They would look at each other, then look away.
She finally said she had to go inside for her appointment, 
and that she would talk to him later that night.  They shook 
hands once again, and she entered the building.
        He followed a way into the parking areas, where he 
would soon meet a friend to go eat dinner with.  His hand 
still felt a little damp from hers.  The wind picked up, 
and he hoped he would not have to wait very long.

        How plain she was, he thought to himself.

_2_        

        He had a lot of friends around where she lived.  It 
would simply be time before they talked to each other, and 
that time was a few months before they actually met.  
        Being part of the post-generation X culture, 
they both had fetishes for computers.  Their entertainment, 
instead of television, was interacting with others through 
bulletin board systems.  It wasn't the most exciting way to 
spend Friday nights, but it beat "Family Matters" anyday.  
They would both pass the time rotting away in front of 
eminating cathode rays, while listening to Tori Amos.  He 
had her first CD; she had her latest.  They both considered 
her to be the greatest artist to have ever lived.  
        She sang; he acted.  They both liked history and 
english.  Neither of them could stand people who bragged about 
their ability to consume liquor at high speeds.  But their most 
obvious resemblance to each other was fruit.
        They both were orange fanatics.  Eating oranges to 
them could make or break the mood of a day.  The citrus taste 
was considered more appealing than any physical sensation 
they had experienced.  Plums were also a high favorite of 
theirs.  Bananas were prized, but were not thought of as 
highly because of their quick spoiling rate.  
        Conversations about fruit and grocery shopping kept 
them talking for hours.  Simple things everyone saw strange 
and unimportant in life were very treasured by both of them.  
She would eat bread; plain, white slices.  In the microwave 
for 15 seconds to warm them.
        As they got to know each other better, they soon 
began to talk to each other over the phone.  Conversations 
would start out comprehendable, but would soon end up revolving
around strange noises one or the other made.  Whenever she had
nothing to say, or was preoccupied, she would make a "pshew pshew"
sound, the sound lasers in _Star Wars_ made.  The noises he made
usually were mockings of hers, only overdramatic.
        All the structure for a friendship seemed to be there; 
except for the fact that they never saw each other, simply 
talked over the phone.  They would meet sometime, but now just 
wasn't it, he kept telling himself.  His rehearsals for the 
upcoming play kept him busy most every day, until he went home 
and (every once in a while) did homework.  Meanwhile She had 
met someone she could love, his name was Chris, and she spent 
every moment she could talking and being with him.  
        These were parts of his life.  He had lost touch with 
most of his old friends as of late, he only talked to his 
friends that were into computers or theatre.  This change of 
surrounding for him bothered him a little, but it was a little 
refreshing to be away from the "jock" atmosphere he had put 
himself in his earlier years of high school.  There were 
different problems associated with his new friends, but he 
felt they were not nearly as bothersome.  And now he had 
someone new that he could come home and talk to after school.

_3_

        The rain was falling heavily, but not hard.  The water 
did not crash against the ground as it did when hard rain 
fell; the water floated to the ground, making a light patter 
when hitting it.  The continuous sound of rainfall had kept 
his mind somewhat at ease.  
        She stepped out of the building, with a light smile on 
her face.  She always was made a little happier when she 
thought about how her braces would be off in less than a 
year.  Her wool coat was weighing down on her, having soaked 
up the rain that fell on her.
        They walked over to a restaurant, where she ordered a 
bowl of cream of broccoli soup that came in a hollowed sourdough 
bread roll.  He was broke and watched her eat.  He wasn't very 
hungry anyway; his stomach was a little knotted up at the 
moment.
        They talked a little, but mostly stared out the window 
at the rain.  Men and women, the few outside in a day like 
this, were rushing from shelter to shelter, trying to keep 
themselves as dry as possible.  Some of them had umbrellas, 
but not many.  One man held over his head a large plastic bag 
from Marshall Fields, but the water was still trickling off 
onto his shoulders and his white dress shirt.
        After she finished her soup, they left the restaurant 
and quickly walked out to her van.  He did not mind being wet, 
but he noticed how bothered it was making her, as she kept 
combing her fingers through her hair to move it out of her 
face.  If he knew it would bother her so much to be out in the 
rain, he would have made sure to bring his father's umbrella, 
a black one with a wooden shaft and handle.
        The sky was getting darker as the clouds thickened. 
The sun was probably setting, though the light from it could 
hardly be seen through the clouds.  A light purple shade was 
where the sun was leaving the sky.
        Hurrying out to the van, she hastily jumped in the 
driver's seat, and unlocked the passenger side.  He opened the 
door, and removed his jacket before entering; so he wouldn't 
get her seat all wet.  Like she had just done.  She sat there 
a moment, just looking out past her windshield.  Then she 
looked back at him for a moment.  After a pause, she told him 
she had to make a quick phone call, and started to dial on her 
cellular phone.  He relaxed a little in his seat, and began to 
let his mind wander.  She was talking to a friend that was 
hosting a party she was going to that night, someone he did 
not know, someone he was not too particularly interested in 
knowing either.  
        He was listening to the music in his head when she 
hung up the phone and turned on the ignition, which woke him 
from his daze.  As she backed out, she asked him where he wanted 
to go.  He did not know.  She started to drive through the rain, 
being the overly cautious driver she was.
        After three shrieks from the fear she was getting 
them into an accident, she stopped the van outside of a 
house.  She asked him to guess who lived there; he had no 
idea.  It was her old house, she told him.  Where she used to 
live when she lived in Skokie.  She called a girl on the phone, 
Nancy, and told Nancy she was right outside of Nancy's house, and 
Nancy ran out to the van.  After they talked for a while, Nancy 
went back inside, and she drove off.
        She drove him back to his house, with only a minimal 
amount of conversation between them.  As he exited the van, he 
thanked her for spending the day with him, and went inside.

_4_

        As he shut his front door, he let out a blissful 
sigh.  He hated his job.  His parents told him he had to go 
find a job for over the summer.  They told him he should apply 
at the fast food restaurant down the street.  So he did.
        She had a nickname for it; "The Cheezy Grill".  Every 
once in a while, she would go to Cheezy Grill to see if he was 
working; and leave unnoticed if he was.
        At work the other employees called her one of his 
'rent-a-friends'.  He could never get a girl like her to take 
him seriously, they said.
        As he removed his work clothes and put on his favorite 
T-shirt and jeans, he thought about how they weren't 
very nice to him at work.  He had always been made fun of 
for his hair, but they even laughed at his pants.  Black 
polyester pants he got on sale at Marshall Field's.  They 
all wore black jeans, even though the dress code said not to.
        He hit the reply button on his answering machine.  She 
had called.  She had attempted to make a witty comment about 
his answering machine message (which said he had been 
cryrogenically frozen and would call back when thawed), but 
she failed miserably.  She said she would be at church that 
morning.  He didn't understand why she did that, she wasn't 
big on Jesus or anything.  After that, she said she had a 
family get together to attend.  He didn't understand that 
either, it wasn't a major holiday or anything.
        After the message finished, he grabbed himself a Pepsi 
from the kitchen, and sat next to his computer.  The Pepsi 
didn't seem as sweet as it usually did.  It had more of a 
rougher texture on his tongue than normal.  He finished 
it off and flopped onto his bed to fall asleep soon after.

_5_

        The phone woke him from his dreams.  He picked it up 
and spoke an almost uncomprehendable "hello".  
        It was her.  She was on a car phone.  She asked if she 
had woke him up; He said yes.  She asked if he wanted to go 
back to sleep; He said no, it was OK.  She said she was going 
to her family get together now, but that she might be home 
early, and if she was she wanted to stop by his house.  He 
said that would be great.  She said she's not sure how late it 
would be, and that it might be too late and maybe she might not 
be able to show up at all.  He said that was OK, he understood.
        After hanging up the phone, he went into the kitchen 
and nabbed himself a Pepsi.  The rough carbonation on his 
tongue woke him up quickly.  He went over to his window and 
stared out at the afternoon.  Three boys were racing each other 
down the street on roller blades.  A mother was pushing her 
baby carrage.  Birds were chirping away.
        He downed the remains of the Pepsi and called a few of 
his friends.  None of them were home.  He then turned on his 
computer and looked for anything to do.  Nothing.  He got a 
granola bar from the kitchen and ate it while listening to 
some music.
        Feeling covered with grease from working that 
morning, he took a shower.  The water felt heavy, but it was 
warm and calmed him.  He was out of shampoo, which bothered 
him very much, because he hated having oily hair.
        It was still very early, and showers always made him 
feel tired, so he laid back down again.  When he woke up, it 
was already 10pm.  
        He went over to the window, and stared up at the night 
sky.  It had been a clear day, but now clouds must have been 
covering up the stars.  He could only see two in the entire 
sky.  One was very faint and weak; the other was bright and 
powerful.  He stared at the bright one for a while, wondering 
how far away the star was, wondering how large it really was, 
and wondering if anyone else was staring at the same star.
        The streetlamp at the corner always illuminated the 
part of the street he lived on, and he could see an old woman 
cautiously walking down the street.  Her steps were short and 
swift; she obviously wanted to get home quickly.  She looked 
in back of her, then continued her movement forward, only 
even faster.
        A small alley cat was following her home.  It was a 
tortishell, with long scraggly hair.  It caught up with the 
old woman, and kept rubbing itself on her legs.  The old woman 
started yelling at the cat to get away, to "shoo! shoo!", but 
the cat just stared up at her.  The woman continued walking 
and the cat kept following until they were both out of his 
sight. 
        Light flooded into the room.  His mother had opened 
the door and asked him what he was doing.  He said nothing.  
She asked him why he was staring out the window.  He said 
because he had nothing better to do.  She told him she could 
find plenty of things for him to do.  He said that's OK, he  
was waiting for someone.  She closed the door with a worried 
look on her face.
        It took his eyes a little while to adjust to the 
darkness again, but when they did he saw a police car pull 
up to the intersection that the streetlamp was at.  It 
pulled over to the curve, the policeman got out, and 
moved toward two boys who were walking down the street.  
The two boys stopped in front of the policeman and started 
to be questioned by him.  After a short amount of time, the 
boys headed back the way they came, and the policeman got 
back in his car and drove off.  
        He knew her curfew was midnight, and it was now 
11:15 pm.  He wondered if she was coming home from the family 
thing yet.  Or if she was already home.  He called her house.  
She had her own line in her bedroom, and he let it ring.  
Nobody answered.  
        A car passed outside with purple neon lights 
underneath it.  The car was blaring loud techno music.  The 
boy on the passanger's side threw a cigarette out of the 
window that landed on the front lawn of his house.  He 
didn't care though.  His father always threw his cigarettes 
on the lawn too. 
        He thought about getting some dinner, but he wasn't 
really that hungry.  He tried again to call a few of his 
friends, but still none of them were home.  He laid down on 
his bed and stared at his ceiling.  He counted the cracks he 
could see in the dark - 15.  Most of them were curved cracks, 
but one of them was long and straight.
        It was 11:45pm when he fell asleep.  He thought when 
she showed up, he would be woken up by the doorbell.  He 
didn't wake up until 7am the next morning.
       
[תFile 13תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתת17648 bytesתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתReflections: Part Oneתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתBy James Hetfieldתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת04/20/95תת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
 
