Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease
ִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִ
StrictlyתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתBy Nyarlathotep
תתתתתתתתתTextתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת"Mish Mash"תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת
תתתתתתתתתתתתתתDistributionתתIssue Seventeenתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת
ִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִ
Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease - Writing - It's a Disease
        
        Observations by a Disgruntled Postal Worker.

        Ok, so I am not a Postal Worker. I almost got injured by one
today though. Aha... some of you dont believe me, but it is true. While
going out of a little alley way by the Library, which is also by the
Glenview Post Office, me and my brother (who I let drive, little punk)
almost got mashed by a postal van turning into the alley at like 30mph.
But we didnt get hurt so I guess it doesnt matter. Its in the past.
        I am sure a lot of you readers have seen that epic Disney movie,
_The Lion King_. I like it a lot, and you should too. There are some
nice lessons to learn from it. Timone and Poomba have one piece of the
puzzle- Hakuna Matata, no worries. A BLAH WHATEVER attitude that
suprisingly works... as long as it is used in moderation. Some things
are worth caring about. And they show their use when they aid Simba in
taking back control of the Pride Lands from his evil uncle Scar.
        But the biggest lessons have to do with a Baboon. Not just any
 baboon, but the wise martial arts master Rafiki. Lesson Number 1: Know
 who you are. If you dont know yourself, who can you know? Dont be what
 other people know you as, be what you know yourself as. Remember,
 ultimately, and no matter what, you ALWAYS have to live with
 yourselves. Others can choose to leave you, but you cant leave
 yourself. (Technically that is not right. The Big S could be considered
 a solution, but its not one that I am going to deal with, because I
 dont believe in it.) So make sure you are something you can live with.
 I guess if you want to be a clone of someone else so be it. But make
 sure you truly happy with yourself.
        And then there is his whimsical remark to Simba It doesnt
 matter, its in the past, imediatly after whopping him in the head with
 his staff. Ow. Good advice though. You cant change the past, but
 you can change the future.
        And how did I get from Post Office Employees to Walt Disney? Its
 simple. Do you think that all postal workers are who they want to be?
 No, obviously not. But that is just one profession at random. How many
 people are doctors or lawyers because thats what their parents wanted
 them to be? Maybe they would rather be Forest Rangers... But society
 says that Doctors are high up, and Rangers arent. And so it goes.
        So remember, be who you are, worry about only important things,
 and work to change the future, and not the past. These are the first
 steps in making the world a better place for you, and if everyone
 follows them, a better place for us all.
[תFile 17תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתת3675 bytesתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתMish Mashתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתBy Nyarlathotepתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת05/14/95תת]
[תתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתתת]
 
