  ====================
 | Key Pulse Issue 64 |
 | My FBI Experience  |
 | By: Cuebiz (BSC)   |
  ====================

  The phone rings, I decide NOT to pick it up. and two seconds later, my door slams open. I
jump out of bed, and I see two FBI agents (or so I think) walking into my home followed by
two or three police officers. They slap me with a warrant and head for my bedroom.

  "Are there any guns in the home?", an agent asks.

  "Yeah, its in the closet right there, on the top shelf", I answer.

  "The Glock?" He asks.
   
  "Yeah" - I then start to fall back asleep.

  "Hey you, whats your name, again?"

  "Hey, Iam talking to you. Whats your name!?"

  I seem to have blanked out for a second and then turn my attention back to the police
officer as he assists an FBI agent go through my personal belongings.

  "Jamie", I reply. Wiping the morning eye crusts out of my eyes. I then get asked the
same questions asked on a job application (Social Security #, Address, Phone #, etc).

  "Where is it!", one of the FBI agents screams at me.

  "Where's what?", I ask; trying to keep my cool.

  "Where's all of your equiptment? Where's that BlueBox we've been hearing about?"

  "I dont know what you're talking about", I answer, noticing moments later that Iam
actually smirking. Hahahaha, I was SMIRKING! How do you like them apples!
 
  "Dont toy with me. You know exactly what Iam talking about".

 By this time, I see someone on my Amiga loading up Chicken Dialer.

  "Put those computers in the van. That one too, that one hiding behind, right there!"
the man says, pointing towards the laptop sitting on my bed.

  "Actually, I dont know what you're talking about"

  "Yeah, we'll see", the police officer adds smugly.

  The police officer and one of the agents take several of my computers. One by one I
see my machines go. I start to think of how many hours of wardialing those computers
have been through, how many machines they've connected to, how many 1's and 0's they've
crunched in all those years with me. 

  "So, Mr. Jamie Faith ...", an agent starts speaking to me.
     "Can we search your vehicle?"

  "Sure, why not. Search it", I say. Giving out a half-assed sigh.

 "Look what we've got here", yells out the police officer as he's opening up my walk-in closet.
You see, I've never found any real purpose for this huge closet until I started working on my
very own DMS-100.

  "Looks like we've got some kind of device, it looks important", he adds - looking at my
home-made switch like it's an alien space-craft.

  "Leave it, its too big to fit out of any of the doors so we'll have to call someone
in to dismantle it", the agent says to the officer. You see, I've over-embelished a
little when I was putting this thing together. It even has its own little locker like 
how Northern Telecom makes 'em. Man, how I wish I could test it out before they took it
apart. Shit, I haven't even taken any decent pictures yet.


 "Its a switch!", I mention to the agent.

 "Yes, I know what it is"; he says, looking at me.

 "OoooKay", I utter under my breath.

  I stand up and take a look around my house, to see what they've taken with them by
this time. I see that my TV is gone along with my DVD player. EVERY computer in my
house is GONE. My answering machine, 'The Matrix', several notebooks that contained my
WATS scans, notes, phone numbers, etc, my microcassette recorder, playstation (which
I've messed with during the years; adding mod chips and reprogrammed EEproms), two
cell-phones (an OKI-900 and my NOKIA 5190), pieces of my shattered old Jolly-Box (I 
hit it with a hammer two weeks before after I did a shotty solder job on another project),
EVERYTHING on my tool-bench (bread-boards, soldering gun, etc), my printer (one of them
commented that I recently printed out an old issue of System Failure on THAT printer;
trying to surprise me or something), ALL of my land-line phones (one including a copy-
cat of El Jefe's GTE phone with the payphone handset), and lastly I've noticed that my
comic book collection (yes, the WHOLE thing) was missing. So I assumed that the police
officer has taken an interest in my copy of PITT Issue one. 

  By this time; another agent, one of whom I've NEVER seen before, grabs me and makes 
me sit down on my living room couch. I grab my remote, point it in the direction that
my TV used to be in, and laugh. I didn't know why I started laughing at this point but
it seemed like, the only emotion that I haven't expressed that morning; so I felt, heh,
what the hell, laughter - not like I HAVEN'T laughed at an awkward moment before.

 "What are you laughing at?" the agent says, looking at me.

        "Are you okay?"
    
            "Whats wrong with you?"


 "No, no, its nothing. I just felt like laughing for some reason"


   "Are you sure?", he says waving the attention of another agent. He walks over to me and looks
at me staight in the eyes. He then puts his middle and index finger on my neck; checking my 
pulse rate.

 
  "Are you on any medication?", he asks.


  This guy must be fucking joking. He thinks that Iam on drugs !#$@  What a typical pig!


 "No, Iam not on medication, Iam not on any sort of drugs. Iam sorry, did I forget to take
my daily dose of METH today?", I shout out.

 
 "You WILL restrain yourself, or you will be taken into police custody!", he yells back.

  I then start thinking ... So I WONT be arrested today? Cool. So I wont be arrested today.
I wonder if they're only letting me go to see if I would contact other people. Hrrrmmm. I 
see they dont know that I've watched the movie HACKERS. Okie dokie. I guess I should be 
quiet then. I dont want them to go and bust Joey and Phantom Phreaker.

  I hear some yelling and then I see Kandy Acid, and my friend George being pushed into 
my front-door.

  "We cought these guys snooping around, they looked suspicious", a police officer says.

  Oh great, we've got feds, hackers, phreakers, cops ... OMG my house is now officially 
_DEFCON_! 

 
  "Let me go!", yells Acid.

 "Let 'em go. Do you have a warrant for their arrests?", an agent tells the officer.

  He lets them go, and I see Acid looking at me with fear in her eyes. George doesn't look 
back. Acid turns and starts walking off quickly.

 The first agent that I talked to comes back from my garage with tons of disks, CD-RW's, 
and two of my Jazz disks (in little plastic bags, of course).


 "Did you check in my secret compartment. Formerly known as my glove compartment?", I ask.


  Alot of mumbo jumbo goes on, they show me what they're taking with them, and then they 
eventually leave. I dont know what else to look forward to; because they've told me that
they'll get in touch with me in about a week.  So, I guess eventually I'll be called in,
arrested and have people posting up "FREE CUEBIZ" on bright yellow stickers.



                        :Things seized July 24th 2001 * 7:12am:

Docs:  Several copies of Nortel Documents (They seemed to fuss over No.214-1.)
       Several issues of The Local Exchange Routing Guide (LERG)
       Unreleased Cuebiz tfiles: "Fooling ANI via a PRI Circuit"
                                 "Accessing CSS via FeatureNet - My 1st BT Hacking file"
                                 "Prank calling Heidi Wayman for fun"
       12 (paper) NoteBooks containing WATS scans, phone numbers, notes, etc
       2 Books: The Dark Shore By Adam Lee, and Tom clancy's Net Force "Night Moves"
       My WHOLE comic book collection.


HardWare: 2 Packard Bell Legends
          One Compaq Armada 7350 laptop
          2 Old Amigas
          One Macintosh Classic II
          One Macintosh LC
          One IBM PS2/256?
          An old TRS-80 (the one that DOESN'T have a monitor)
          9 Radio Shack Tone Dialers (3 without memory, 6 with)
          1 Sony DVD Player
          1 funky old fenced no-name brand 27 inch TV.
          An OKI-900 Cellular Phone (no service, yet)
          A NOKIA 5190 (serviced)
          Broken pieces of my Jolly-Box project
          147 Floppy Disks (50+ containing various gfiles)
          2 Jazz disks (containing ALOT of mp3s)
          1 BearCat 50 channel scanner (bought cheap at Radio Shack, hehe)
          ALOT of regular land-line phones (Approx. 70+)
          One home-made DMS-100 (still in the making)
          Various tools taken from my tool-bench (ie: Soldering Iron)
          One PlayStation X
          1 Shitty GE MicroCassette recorder
          50+ CDs (20+ of which were CD-RWs)
          23 DVDs (Including 'The Matrix' 'The Fast and the Furious', and 'Legally Blonde')
          1 Oscilloscope (yes, those really clunky ones)
          2 Induction probes (marked "Property of General Telephone")
          One Dracon TS-22a Butt-Set (marked "Property of General Telephone")
          BlueBeep Power-Dialer
          ALOT of phone cord.
          1 HomeMade web-cam (I just fixed that!)
          1 Shitty LexMark 1000 Ink-Jet printer
          One SHARP UX-112 Fax machine.
          139's leopard skin thong (*joking*)

SoftWare:
         Chicken Dialer
         Tone Loc (I just had to mention it!)
         Cuebiz's Wacky Dialer V1.0 - 3.5 (sources taken also)
         BlueBeep (several versions, including the HoHo-Con release)
         The Little Operator 
         Several versions of PayPhone Admin software (never tested)
         Page-Fuck - Written by Key Pulse ;)
         Various .Zip files released on "The Phreaker's Tomb"
         POFD Invaders (including source)

Questioned about:
         Cool-Edit - Registered!
         Voice-FX - Registered
         Adobe PhotoShop 6.0 - Registered
         WinZip 8.0 - Registered
         Flash 5.0 - Registered
         Visual Basic 5.0 - Registered
         FrontPage '98 - Registered
         Norton AntiVirus - Registered
         BlackIce Defender - Registered
         Window-Blinds 2.x - Registered

         
People Mentioned during their "visit" (In no particular order):
  
              [  Hybrid, Cyber Thief, Subex, Lucky225, 9x, Substance, and ICBM.  ]

                                  Note: I said NOTHING!




                            -- The Manifesto of a Black Sheep --

  Strategically scattered across the globe, Cerberus gaurdians to the unknown knowledge have 
emerged to defy the most logistical of souls. Advances that to the untrained eye, seem nefarious.
Though, under closer investigation, one would conclude that our motives are intellectually 
incomprehensable by the average mind. Soon after our unification, we were assimilated to possess
that of the atomic number 14. Our numerous missions are completed with dedication by our 
legionaries, and have caused us to be deemed, the Black Sheep. Our lack in numbers have 
strengthened us with stealth, quickness, and accuracy. We are not an army of the body, but an 
army that of the mind, a prime existance with a forsaken destiny far greater. We are masters of 
the digital arts. We are not of a singular concience though communicate on the same psycic plateu.
We have witnessed the unbelievable impurity of the world since its begining and have lived our 
lives dedicated to that of the BlackSheep. our lethargic and inferior counterparts whom take part
in incendiarism, and crimes against our system have felt our wrath. None have lived to tell the 
tale of the unspeakable punishment which they've endured. We hover behind the darkest shadows of 
your minds, we've conversed with spirits of ones whom you've called genius. All the while, 
following our program with one absolute objective: To expedite the construction of a digital 
Utopia.                              - Written by: Cuebiz (BSC)



  This file was written on a public library computer and uploaded to several BBS's shortly after.
The author takes no responsibility for anything that you're thinking right at this very moment.
If you want to converse with me (LEGALLY!) you can reach me on the PSTN. Oh, and NO MEDIA WHORES!


Voice-Mail: 1.800.739.6142
Muskrats Den BBS: 808-261-2184
Party Lines: 213-286-2255  (or) +44 870-727-0870
Email (checked once a month): Fonez@ca.tc



Follow-up Written: July 29th 2001
  Its already been five days and I've been called into the station. I filled out a few papers
and it comes to find out that they were looking for people who were into credit card fraud, and
wire-taps. They looked through my stuff and didn't find anything to incriminate ME and since I 
dont know any of the people that they were asking about, they gave me back some of my stuff (well 
they gave me a release form to fill out and to give to this dude at another building). Of 
course, I would have to go to court for theft (for the induction probes, and butt set), which is
NOT that serious and its more likely that I could get a plea-bargain, or plead 'no contest' and
get several hours of community service or (at worse) spend several days in prison.


                                : What I got back :

2 Books: The Dark Shore By Adam Lee, and Tom clancy's Net Force "Night Moves"

My comic book collection (yeah!)

All of my hardware except the following:
                  2 Induction probes (marked "Property of General Telephone")
                  One Dracon TS-22a Butt-Set (marked "Property of General Telephone")
                  One home-made DMS-100 (only partially taken)
                  1 funky old fenced no-name brand 27 inch TV.
                  139's leopard skin thong (*joking*)
                  One Amiga (the one with Chicken Dialer on it, hehe)

