


             F O R E V E R   A L I V E   L i t e

-------------------------------------------------------------
Issue Number 4                            Dec 1995 - Jan 1996
-------------------------------------------------------------

Forever Alive is the world's premier magazine on the subject
of physical immortality. We offer a new vision of humanity, as
completely whole, beyond the polarities of life and death,
spirit and body, mind and heart, male and female. This
pioneering magazine explores the transformative powers of
embracing a life without limits.

This file is best viewed in a monospaced font, such as
Courier.

-------------------------------------------------------------

                  C O N T E N T S

* PHYSICAL IMMORTALITY EQUALS FLESH
        by Bernadeane

* A KINGDOM OF FLESH
        by James Russell Strole

* THE POWER OF ONE
        by Charles Paul Brown

-------------------------------------------------------------

                      M A S T H E A D

Editor: Herb Bowie

Forever Alive Lite is the electronic equivalent to Forever
Alive magazine, a periodical printed on actual paper. The
paper version is published quarterly, while its electronic
"lite" counterpart is published monthly. Both are published by
People Forever International.

E-MAIL ADDRESS
herbbowie@aol.com

MAILING ADDRESS
PO Box 12305, Scottsdale, AZ 85267-2305

TELEPHONES
1 (602) 922-0300 Voice
1 (602) 922-0800 FAX
1 (800) 2B4-EVER Toll-Free

Forever Alive Lite is copyright (c) 1995 by People Forever
International. You may freely distribute this file
electronically on a non-commercial, nonprofit basis to anyone,
and print one copy for your personal use, but you may not
alter or excerpt this file in any way without direct
permission from People Forever International.

-------------------------------------------------------------

             PHYSICAL IMMORTALITY EQUALS FLESH

                       by Bernadeane

                    Physical Immortality

When people hear about physical immortality, they naturally
think in terms of being here forever. I want to tell you,
though, that physical immortality is not about living forever.
Physical immortality is about the flesh. Physical immortality
is about the human body.

Don't confuse physical immortality with longevity. I don't
want longevity. I'm not interested in staying around for a
long time. I'm not interested, for that matter, in staying
around forever.

I'm interested in staying with you. You are physical
immortality. I'm not interested in staying with forever. I'm
not interested in staying for millions of years on this
planet. That is not physical immortality. Physical immortality
has nothing to do with time. It has to do with the body.

So, if there's a conflict going on with you concerning
physical immortality, the conflict is with yourself. Your
conflict is not about staying many years on the planet. Your
conflict is not with me. Your conflict is with yourself.

Your problem concerning physical immortality is not me. Your
problem is you. Your problem is in not being able to receive
your own flesh. Your problem is in not being able to receive
yourself wholly.

I don't want to leave any mysteries surrounding the subject of
physical immortality. The physical body has been a mystery to
us. Each person has been a mystery to himself. I want to
awaken you to end the mystery of yourself!

                     One Chance To Live

I could say that we get one chance to live. We don't get many
chances, because that has to do with time, and you may not
find the time to have a chance. You may die before you find
the time to make a chance for you to live.

I can say to you, right now, that you have one chance to live.
Physical immortality is not the future--it's you. Physical
immortality is not the now--it's you. You have one chance only
to get in touch with you.

People have been confused when they feel a movement within
their own flesh. Your one chance to live comes when you feel
that movement. When you experience what I call a cellular
awakening, it goes past the conscious reasoning. Be thankful
when this happens, for the reasoning of the conscious mind by
itself will do away with who you really are.

Once you feel this movement, your only way out of the
confusion is to allow yourself to experience this new feeling
all the way. When you go with the cellular awakening, your
brain clears up. Your conflict and your confusion come when
you refuse to go with the feeling. The confusion comes when
you allow the reasoning of your conscious mind to take you
separate and apart from the cellular awakening taking place
within you.

                     Let Go Of The Dark

I used to be affected when people refused to go with this
awakening. I don't take it personally any longer. I'm not
touched by it anymore. When people experience this conflict, I
now realize that it's their conflict. I don't take it on
anymore--it's not mine.

I'm enjoying who I am on this planet! I'm enjoying the
wholeness of my flesh!

I'm here to remind you constantly that you can enjoy in the
midst of everything that's going on around you. Even if you're
having financial problems, or problems with your health, I'm
here to remind you that they can all flee as a result of your
receiving yourself wholly!

If you feel a quickening of yourself as you read these words,
then don't deny what you feel. Decide to go with all that you
are. It's your freedom from death! It's not by some great work
or deed that we become physically immortal--we are physical
immortality! We're just waking up to who we already are!
There's no struggle!

Oh, it's so enjoyable. It's so soothing. I'm looking out of
different eyes than I did before. I'm hearing differently from
these ears. My whole body is full of light now. I used to feel
a conflict with light and darkness. We don't have to live
these polarities anymore. We don't have to experience
difficulty to enjoy life. We don't have to go through some
kind of pain and then come out on the other side bright again
to know the difference. We don't have to know darkness to see
the light anymore. Some people think we have to go through
hardships to become greater. That's a lie of death. We do not
have to suffer in order to feel good on the other side.

                    Receiving All People

Once you receive yourself wholly, then you will be able to
receive all people. This is what's happened to me.

I don't care how well known you are. If you happen to be
famous, then I think it's great that you're famous, but I'm
not impressed with that. I don't want to be with you because
you're famous--I want to be with you because you're really
awake with me, and because we nourish one another.

There is no class consciousness with me. I enjoy every person,
no matter what their profession. I'm not concerned with your
profession--I'm concerned with you. I think it's great if
you've created a position for yourself in society. I think
it's a wonderful attribute. I think it's great, but it does
nothing for me. What does something for me is when you look in
my eyes and you give me that feeling of being with me 100%.
That's what impresses me.

There is no age difference with me. I enjoy every person, no
matter what their years. It doesn't matter to me what race you
are--I love them all. I love that you're different from me. I
love that you dress differently than I do. If you do dress
like me, then I love that too. I just love to be with you, no
matter how you come to me.

We may not speak the same language. The language of each
country is different, but there is one language that is
understood very well without one word being spoken. There is a
language of the body that is understood by all who are
awakened.

I travel to Israel often. Many times, when I am there, I hear
people speaking Hebrew to each other when there's not any
translation. I don't always understand the words that are
being used, but I understand what is being said. There's a
language of the body going on at that moment. I feel the
emotions. At times, I feel what is happening so strongly that
I find myself almost speaking out.

We can't throw every person we meet in the same basket. I
cannot treat everyone the same. There is no equality on this
planet. If we were all the same, then there could be equality.
Every person is different  Hallelujah! That's one word that
every language understands.

I want you to be the person you are with me. That's when it's
the most fun for me. I'm not interested in you being like me
or anyone else. It would be very boring for me if we were all
the same.

                           Flesh

We ought to have the greatest passion for one another. Even
when someone makes a mistake, it ought to be that we rush to
that person, rather than running from them or talking behind
their backs. How can we keep turning away from one another? We
need to go to that person face to face. We need to let them
know we're here for them. Let's move to dissolve whatever is
going on between us. That's the kind of passion we need to
have. It's the passion I have. Join me in it! You can never do
anything that will cause me to walk away from you  never!

We need to move so we have peace here with one another
forever. We need to bring peace first of all right here within
our own forms, then with one another, then in the world. This
is when we will find such a joy of being together.

What draws us together? Why are we with each other? There was
a joy we once felt together. There was a drawing unto one
another. Let's not forget our first love. It's so important
that we don't forget our first love with each other.

I know that this is the only way we're going to end the hell
on this planet. We end it with one another. We're so vast. We
are so huge. Let's remind ourselves of this. Let's keep moving
for the vastness, the hugeness of who we are. It's so life
giving. It's what physical immortality is all about: the
treasuring of human flesh.

                            - - -

Originally published in Forever Alive magazine, Issue no. 24.
Copyright (c) 1995 by People Forever International.

-------------------------------------------------------------

                     A KINGDOM OF FLESH

                       by Jim Strole

                     The Value of Life

Our living is so precious. It's wonderful to feel the
preciousness of our bodies. It's great to be in touch with the
true value of our flesh.

This is what we mean when we speak of physical immortality.
We're talking about your precious flesh. We're talking about
your flesh being here forever.

People are so often out of touch with this feeling. I hear so
many people ask the same questions: "Why physical immortality?
Why end death?"

I want to say back to them: "Do you have children? Do you have
anyone you love? Do you have anyone you care about? Would it
matter to you if they were splattered all over the street? It
would? Well then, why does it matter any less when someone
dies of what is called old age?"

Old age is as ugly to me as having a small child run over in
the street. I want people to wake up and realize that no death
is acceptable!

                       Paradise Lost

I was recently reading a history of the Hawaiian islands.
Before their contact with the rest of the world, disease and
sickness were virtually unknown there. The people there lived
long lives, not even knowing what sickness was. They were
passionate people. They so loved being with each other. They
enjoyed each other in all sorts of ways. They knew the value
of their flesh.

They only had one problem. Even though they didn't suffer from
disease, the Hawaiians still experienced old age and death.
Even though they were disease-free, they still died.

So the missionaries came in and said, "We will give you
immortality through Jesus. If you follow the laws of God, then
when you die, you will go to this heavenly place and you will
live forever."

This appealed to the natives of Hawaii. And that's how the
missionaries brought them under their control: they promised
them immortality. Because they still died.

So the missionaries constantly preached that if they didn't
live by the rules of their God, then they wouldn't earn a
place in heaven. They wouldn't be with their loved ones after
their deaths. This is what they wanted: to be with each other
forever.

Then the missionaries said: you cannot love each other the way
you're loving each other. You cannot feel the way you're
feeling about each other's flesh.

The missionaries went in there and educated them. They brought
them God. They also brought them disease. They brought them
epidemics.

The Hawaiians had one of the healthiest and happiest societies
on the face of the earth. And they gave it all up for the
promise of a spiritual afterlife.

                      A Clear Purpose

I want to make my purpose very clear. I'm not out to start a
new religion. I'm not trying to spread a new philosophy, a new
truth, or some type of new doctrine. I'm not out to
proselytize people for some new belief system. I'm not here to
convert you to immortality.

I'm out to establish a kingdom of flesh on this earth. My goal
is to create an environment in which you can thrive as a
person. I'm here to awaken you to how wonderful your flesh is.
I'm out to stir you to want to live. My purpose is to cause
you to feel the preciousness of your own flesh. And then, when
you begin to feel that, you'll start to feel how precious
other bodies are around you.

I'm not trying to motivate you by guilt. I'm not pressuring
you to live. I have no interest in your wanting to be immortal
because you're afraid of death. I'm not offering you heaven as
a means of avoiding going to hell. I simply want you to feel a
joy of being alive! I want you to be immortal because you want
to live!

                       Worthy To Live

So many people have been persuaded to forsake their flesh for
the promise of a spiritual eternity. People have been taught
that their bodies are dirty and sinful. They've been
programmed by so many religious systems to redeem their bodies
in exchange for a place in some kingdom of heaven.

I'm telling you something different: you're acceptable now.
Your body is wonderful now. I don't care what sins you think
you've committed.

I don't care if you don't think I'm worthy--I'm telling you I
am worthy. I'm worthy to live right now. I'm worthy to live on
this planet. I'm worthy to love, to feel, to cry, to make
mistakes. I've made the decision that I'm worthy, because
there's no one else who can make that decision for me.

To want to live, without shame, without guilt--this is the
greatest treasure, the greatest gift we have on this planet.
This naked desire to live is worth much more than a supposed
place in some heavenly kingdom.

                         No Excuses

Many people agree that life on earth is supposed to be this
way--eventually. "Just wait," they say. "One hundred, perhaps
two hundred years from now, some great happening will take
place, and then it will all be different."

What great happening? I'm not willing to wait. The happening
is right now or it never will be. It's our movement right now.
It's people like you and me who are ready to take the
responsibility now to make this world of ours a great place to
be in. That's the great happening.

Other people agree that the sort of life I'm describing sounds
wonderful--they just think it can never happen. "This world is
so shitty," they say. "No one's ever going to change this.
This life is so terrible that I'm ready to die. I'm looking
forward to an afterlife."

Let me tell you something: I'm speaking of a different life.
As long as you're looking from death-oriented eyes, then
you're not going to see any possibility for change. You're
going to be looking out of critical eyes and all you'll see is
what's wrong. You'll see the world as unchangeable.

Are you unchangeable? Or are you willing to change? If you're
changeable, then there must be more people in this world who
are changeable too. You see, it gets right down to you and me.
This is how powerful we are. This is the power of what we're
doing together. It comes right down to you and me. You have to
decide for yourself, but I made the choice that I want to
live: I'm changeable.

                    A Safe Place To Live

I want this world to be a safe place for human beings. What do
I mean by "a safe place"?

I don't mean a place where you're not taking risks. I mean a
place where you can be all that you are without fear of being
persecuted, without fear of being abandoned, without fear of
having your flesh destroyed.

I'm talking about a place where you feel safe to go all the
way. Have you ever found yourself saying something, and then
wondering if you went too far? Have you ever taken thought
that maybe you crossed some invisible line? Have you ever had
the feeling that you've gone over the edge, that you've gone
beyond a point where people can receive you, that you're
pushed too many people's buttons? Have you ever found yourself
wondering if there was anyone still left standing next to you?
Have you ever pulled yourself back, because of these feelings?

Safety is not having to pull yourself back. Safety is not
having to hold yourself back anymore. Safety is being able to
take the greatest risk in the world. It's going all the way
and more. It's knowing that, even when you feel a bit strange,
you can look around and still see other people with you: other
people just as strange as you are; other people who aren't
embarrassed about you being too much, about you being too
alive; other people encouraging you to live.

We're not trying to create a new way of life--we've already
created it. What we want to do now is to find other people to
be with. We don't want to change you--we want to be with you.
We want to be with human beings as they've never had anybody
be with them before.

                  A Feeling For All Flesh

Our society has so many prejudices about love. We have so many
labels we put on it: male, female, homosexual, bisexual. I
loved what a film actress said during a recent interview. She
had just played a love scene with a woman, and she was asked
if she felt self-conscious about the role. She responded, "I
don't think people can love each other enough, no matter what
their sex is."

The reality is that every person has the capacity to enjoy
both males and females.  This doesn't mean you're going to
have sex with others of the same gender (although it's fine if
you do). But it means you're going to feel a sensuality that
flows from your body, a passion that does not discriminate
against male or female. This sensuality is so important,
because it is the very core of the life flow in your body.
Until we can all feel that abandoned, passionate feeling of
the flesh, then human beings will continue to destroy each
other.

This is what I'm doing here. I'm not trying to talk anyone
into anything. I'm causing people to wake up to this feeling
for the flesh.

                      A New Beginning

Begin to think differently. Something new can happen. I feel a
new movement happening: a constant newness.

Be an immortal all the time. Move deathlessly. Always come
from your heart. Risk being too much for people. Move in this
way and you'll soon find you have people around you who really
care about you--not what they can get from you.

Don't sit on the sidelines and wait to see what's going to
happen. Don't wait to see how things are going to evolve. How
about you evolving it? Make the choice that you're going to
evolve with me right now. We're going to evolve together.

I'm putting out a strong call to everyone. I don't know how
many people are going to choose to live. All I know is this:
I'm creating more and more of these people around me all the
time.

I'll be with you, no matter what. Just be with me all the way.
That's the key. This is what I'm out for in the world: people
who are so cellularly connected to me that here cannot be any
separation. Then there's a treasuring of each other's flesh
like we've never known before.

                           - - -

Originally published in Forever Alive magazine, Issue no. 23.
Copyright (c) 1995 by People Forever International.

-------------------------------------------------------------

                      THE POWER OF ONE

                   by Charles Paul Brown

                 The Chemistry of Separation

There is a covert chemistry that exists to keep people from
really coming together as one. There's a fear of people really
joining together. There's a power in oneness, and people are
afraid of that power. So they do their best to divide and
separate people, to keep us apart.

Let me give you an example of the way this chemistry operates.
I have heard that some people are afraid to bring their
friends to our meetings in Scottsdale. They say their friends
like hanging out with the people, but they are afraid their
friends won't like Jim, Bernie or myself. Other people confide
in us that they think we are wonderful, but that they can't
stand some of the people who come to the meetings. Sometimes I
wonder if it's the same people who are saying both things! Do
you see the way this chemistry works, to divide and separate
us, and to keep us from coming together in a total oneness?

This chemistry of separation can be found in many elements of
our culture, but it can be seen most clearly in our religions
and our political structures. It's so easy for religions to
make people suspicious of one another. Many religions warn
people not to be seduced. Some even predict that in the last
days, there will be all kinds of wicked spirits who will
deceive many, even the elect. All these dire warnings cause
people to fear one another. They begin to feel one another,
but then they begin to question their feelings. What they feel
with one another may contradict what they have been taught are
the right beliefs. So they leave one another because of their
beliefs.

Of course, this separation is never preached openly: it is all
done covertly. All the religions say that you can trust the
righteous--it's just that you can never be quite sure who the
righteous are, so you end up not fully trusting anyone.

This chemistry of division can also be seen in the way
religions seem to break up into sects. While we were in Israel
recently, I couldn't help noticing all the different Jewish
denominations. You can go to one section of a city and all of
a sudden everyone is wearing these little beanies. So of
course they won't have anything to do with someone who isn't
wearing a beanie. You cross another street and suddenly
everyone has their hair in curls, so they want nothing to do
with the ones in beanies.

All these belief systems are created to keep the people from
really being one. Their purpose is to keep people from really
finding one another. It's the same way in the Christian
religion, the Buddhist religion, and the Islamic religion.
People separate from others standing right in front of their
faces, all in the name of a God they've never seen. Amazing,
isn't it?

It's as Paul the Apostle said in the Bible, "For we wrestle
not against flesh and blood, but against principalities,
against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this
world, against spiritual wickedness in high places."  You see,
the real war is going on between the gods of our minds. It's
the war of ideologies, the war of different belief systems,
that maintains a separation and division within the body.

Legend has it that at one time the gods became so afraid of
people working together, building a tower to heaven, that they
decided to create all our different languages, to sow
confusion among us. Supposedly these gods said to each other,
"See, the people are one, they can accomplish anything they
put their minds to. We've got to confuse them"

I want to tell you that it was no gods coming out of the sky
who confused our language, but the gods within ourselves. It
was these gods in our minds that brought people down from the
oneness they were beginning to feel, and created all the
confusion.

These gods want to confuse you. Religion wants to confuse you.
Politics wants to confuse you. All these human creations
operate to keep a separation going, rather than letting us
really become one flesh, rather than letting us create a
quality of life that's never before been on this planet. What
we've done so far is wonderful, but it's minuscule compared to
what we can really do in being one.

This is one thing I feel the gods were right about: there's
nothing we can't do when we come together as one. There's a
oneness of our flesh together that can absolutely dissolve any
disease. There's a oneness of our minds together, a oneness of
our cells, that can take care of any problem.

                          One Road

I must be with those people who are one. I'm not after the
many--I'm after the one. I'm after the oneness, the people who
can be the greatest individuals on the planet, and yet still
come together as one body.

Why do I have to be with the one? The one doesn't have a
choice. The many do have a choice. The many can find a million
paths to walk in separation, but the one has only one road,
has only one direction. The one can even experience an illness
that it is not unto death. The many can experience illness and
it will be unto death.

I have no choice. If you have a choice, there are many open
doors. I don't have many open doors. I don't have many exits.
I don't have an invisible dimension to go to. I've already
been invisible. I took form. I'm not going back to that which
is lesser. I don't care how often I hear of spiritual entities
in invisible worlds--I'm staying right here. I don't care how
many times I hear that there's a light at the end of the
tunnel--I'm not going towards the light of the spirits. The
only light I'm going towards is the one generated by the cells
and atoms of your body.

I thought recently of a friend who spent many years studying
yoga. He was taught how to leave his body and travel to
another dimension. He realized later that he was being taught
how to die. Oh, Anthony, I am so glad that you screwed it up!
I'm so glad that you didn't graduate. I'm glad you flunked
your course and became a dropout. I'm glad you dropped out of
a system that was preparing you to die. I'd like to begin to
see a few more dropouts like you.

I wish there would begin to be such a resistance to this world
of angels. I don't understand how people can get so worked up
over them. It doesn't make sense. The Bible clearly says that
the world to come is not given to angels: "For unto the angels
hath he not put in subjection the world to come, whereof we
speak." Where are people? Why can't they see the whole
picture, instead of just seeing it in parts?

My world isn't given to angels--it's given to flesh, bone and
blood human beings. It's given to people who are making a
covenant of everlastingness in the cells and the atoms of one
another's flesh. We are here, one body, to make a difference
on this planet.

Are you here to make a difference, or are you just passing
through? If you're just passing through, then you'll leave
this earth even more of a mess than it was when you came into
it--just as individuals leave the hotel room a mess, because
they're travelers. They leave it for the maid to clean up.
That's the way it's been. Human beings have always left it to
someone else to clean up. We must take responsibility and
clean ourselves first, and then we will clean the planet up
automatically. But we won't do it if we're just passing
through, if we're going from one dimension to another.

Yes, you may say, but what about all the immortals in the
other dimensions? Come on down, honey. Come on in and make
yourself at home. You say, but yes, I know of a 263-year-old
woman who came from another planet. Come on down honey--I'm
here. I don't claim to be 263 years old. I don't claim to be
from another planet, to keep you from asking for my birth
certificate. Why is immortality more credible when it's coming
from someone claiming to be an alien from another planet? It's
the same division working, the same chemistry of separation
that makes it easier to believe when it's coming from the
gods, than when it's coming from another human being.

Please, don't let the gods rob us from reaching our heaven
with one another. Don't let them keep us from experiencing
nirvana with one another. Don't let them take from us the
power of one.

Think from a deathless intelligence. Make an everlasting
covenant with me, in the cells and the atoms of my flesh. Give
up the choice of death and separation. Let the trumpets sound,
proclaiming that it's time for all dimensions to come together
in the dimension of the physical body, and time for us to
remain here forever as one flesh.

                           - - -

Originally published in Forever Alive magazine, Issue no. 24.
Copyright (c) 1995 by People Forever International.

-------------------------------------------------------------

                   FOREVER ALIVE MAGAZINE

Forever Alive magazine is the paper-based big brother to this
e-zine. It has been published quarterly since 1989.

R. Seth Friedman, in Factsheet Five, Issue No. 56, said about
Forever Alive:

"This publication breaks the mold of fringe immortality zines
with informative, rational (and very readable) essays in a
bright colorful package."

Carol Wright said about us, in the Spring 1994 edition of the
NAPRA Trade Journal:

"This quarterly publication is probably the only immortalist
(as opposed to longevity) magazine around. Forever Alive
offers recent information about longevity, bodywork, nutrition
and so forth. But their upbeat philosophical essays separate
them from other health magazines. They challenge your most
deeply seated beliefs about life and death."

The Alternative Press Review, in their Spring/Summer 1995
edition, said:

"Forever Alive is a nicely-produced, 42-page quarterly
magazine devoted to bodily health and human immortality...."

Forever Alive has now grown to 52 pages, with no outside
advertising, and featuring a full-color cover. The magazine is
available at better bookstores, including the Barnes & Noble
and Borders chains. The cost is $6 for a single issue and $24
for an annual subscription (4 issues). Subscriptions and
single issues may be ordered directly from People Forever.

Distributors for Forever Alive include Desert Moon, New Leaf,
Armadillo & Co. and Ingram Periodicals.

You can order our latest issue online by visiting
Desert Moon's World Wide Web home page, at
http://www.swcp.com/xines/homepage.htm.

-------------------------------------------------------------

--PART.BOUNDARY.0.6908.emout05.mail.aol.com.819603171--


