
                      Desire Street
                     September, 1995


                  cyberspace chapbook of 

              The New Orleans Poetry Forum
                    established 1971

              Desire, Cemeteries, Elysium


 Listserv:  DESIRE-ST@Bourbon-St.COM


    Email:    Robert Menuet, Publisher
              robmenuet@aol.com

     Mail:    Andrea S. Gereighty, President
              New Orleans Poetry Forum
              257 Bonnabel Blvd.
              Metairie, La 70005

Programmer:   Kevin Johnson

Copyright 1995, The New Orleans Poetry Forum
        (16 Messages for September, 1995)



---------------------------------



Adam

   by Kerry Poree


every man should
in principle
name his son
Adam
and be to him
the ready ear
and the sovereign
hand

---------------------------


Breathing

   by Christine Trimbo


Forget about clocks. 
I've seen such pinched
faces and their tiny 
hands leave no evidence
on the cherrywood.

Days spread quite easily
into night, an arched back
cat, curving around
 a chair leg.

Time is for those who
 wait,       wanting.

I might drown in the 
sundown before morning
 leaves me
    gasping,

      a breath

     one breath.

-----------------------------------------


Double Vision VI

      Loss

by Bonnie Crumly-Fastring



	 I

Wolf's pup is out 
out of her mother's den
seduced by another.
Wolf whines
licks the empty paw prints,
worries anxiously with her teeth
the tiny tufts of hair left in the den.

She wants to pounce 
to tear the limbs off this intruder
to rip gashes down an unguarded shoulder
to pull her daughter back
but she's afraid.  She doesn't know
whose blood will be on her paws.

	 II.

This is my body.
Eat this bread.
The living seed ground
into a fine white powder.
Take this bread into my body.
Let the yeast rise, stretch,
until I let these bodies go.

My daughter's body
stands a room away from me.
One hand covers the bone between
her breasts.  Crow's breast,
my mother told me, flying down 
from generation to generation.
The other hand holds on to the 
doorknob, as she reassures me
she loves me, she isn't really 
going to leave.

My own body whispers "fifty"
behind dark glasses that shield me
from the awful light rays,
Cold lasers slow down
corneal tissue erosion,
but nothing erases 
the empty skin of my lover's touch.

And my mother.
"Don't stay," they said,
"the undertakers are coming,"
but I had just arrived,
just felt her hand, warm,
could not walk off
from her body so quickly.
So I stayed outside the door,
until they brought
the brown zippered bag out of the room.
Eat this bread.  It is my body.

-----------------------------------------------------

World Class Fishing

   by Andrea Saunders Gereighty


For piranha at San Leonardo
deep in the Orinoco Rio basin
with beef/huge chunks of blood red
meat raw with bleeding
The razors of the piranha snap
Saw reeds, flesh, stiletto©style.
Snarling fish growl their impatience
Scarlet and green ibis fly overhead
into the dust grey dusk
Monkeys moan
Caimen babies whimper like puppies
to mother who slides thirty feet
in five seconds into 27 feet of water.

Hooked on the river
Hooked on the sounds
Hooked, I get a bite
Look at my guide hold up the fish.
Piranha, you are crying tears of blood
I have to stop.  Lay down the rod.

---------------------------------------------

Hazel

   by kevin R. johnson



So there's this girl I know, right? she don't wear underwear, and man, when
she looks into my eyes, I swear, it's like my brain's all laid out - like a
heart shaped bed, right?

Get this - I'm talkin' bout weather patterns and chaos theory with some real
bad-asses when she butts in with "the soul's an anarchist but the hands are
fascist", what the fuck?, get this though, her voice was like Venus singin'

The other day, man, hey you listenin?, I'm sayin you remember that really
trippin' sunset- all polluted and gorgeous and shit?, that day she comes up
while I'm meditating, right, and can you believe it - she says "as long as
you remember the color of my eyes, i'll love you till the day before I die",
what the fuck?

I say "why till the day before you die?", she says "cause, since the first
day of life is a public spectacle, I want my last to be private"
                             
Enuff is enuff so I get her alone and it's like, you know the fierce
eloquence of butterflies, right, and man you won't believe what happened, she
said- "open your eyes & I'll tell you what you've got inside, but first tell
me what color are mine?", then she blind-folded me and kissed my stomach till
I whispered the answer

Damn, the bitch has turned me into a raggedy man, what? ... yeah, I'm one
with or without her, yeah. Say, how bout you and me, we get some mad dog and
write haiku under the new moon tonight - real quick tell me what you think:

					beasts tricked out
					anything, for love
					puppets.. naked.. disguised

--------------------------------------------------

King Pierus Speaks to His Daughters 

   by Athena O. Kildegaard


          King Pierus challenged the Muses to a singing 
          contest with his nine daughters. When the 
          daughters lost, Apollo changed them to magpies. 
 
 
 
I see you out there 
standing in the cypress 
like a hung jury 
 
waiting for the judge's note-- 
am I to be the writer?-- 
your tail feathers fluffed 
 
by a half-earth wind. 
Below you, on the grass, 
lie all that you have hoarded: 
 
muscadines from the lintel 
my tiny gold amulet foot 
your mother's burnished brooch 
 
the stylus from the metronome 
nine earthenware beads 
snipped from a lampshade 
 
knicks and knacks you've spied out 
here and there, treasures 
you chattered over for years. 
 
They're yours, keep them, 
idle comforts, hardly enough 
to make up. Help yourselves. 
 
So what can I say 
my pica-picas 
my noisy songstresses 
 
to make up for my pride? 
For whom is the punishment greater? 
For you, all nine flying 


(stanza break)	King Pierus/Kildegaard 
 
 
with flags unfurled 
your phosphorescent feathers 
dropping rainbows? 
 
Or for me, who has to listen 
to your raspy queg queg queg 
where once you sang 
 
to make springs rise up 
the sun turn hallow-gold? 
I was wrong, that's plain. 
 
But listen, they are haughty, 
Zeus' daughters, not so easy 
to love. And I have seen 
 
your melodies follow them 
like shadows under a stubborn sun. 
They will come back to you, they will.

--------------------------------------------------


Advanced Mathematics

   by Andrea Saunders Gereighty


Your wet dream, age twelve
an Andre Gide fantasy
woman spread-eagle:
alive, though wrists
handcuffed.
Free style, breast stroke:
arms earthbound wings
tied to stakes, mattress springs.

Legs tethered in leather
her body a perfect mathematical X
the one variant, a real restraint
Constricts
    constraints
    silk blindfold.

My style? Astride,
side by side
	or some position more
akin to Y, the other unknown.

----------------------------------------------

Night

   by Kerry Poree


There is poetry 
for night,
when land
and night
turn to 
face each other
and the press
of their kiss 
is pressed 
upon the hearts 
of men,
and the heart 
of man
is pressed upon
his breast bone
and made tender,
tender like
fat hands
that just 
won't callous,
tender like old eyes,
old eyes that 
know the night
and the tenderness
of night, 
when words return,
darkened, and used.

--------------------------------------------------------

Oneness Engine Low on Gas

   by kevin R. johnson


Zen notwithstanding, I am
empty as a poem without an O,
like the place called nowhere,
or like bombed-out cathedrals 
because a girl tripping on acid asked me:

    using the desert as a metaphor describe the flesh of love
    and I, just beginning to trip, said:

	mother, she drank, did smack, slept around
	she loved us, really she did,
	she filled our ears with "good for nothing, low-down, dirty scumbags"
	filled our nights with moans

because the girl had exquisitely pierced nipples and 
	tattoos that meant nothing to her,

because given the opportunity, two
	people who don't want to feel dead,
	who are enamored with a place called breakage,
	will fuck

because like the cabby, who eked out extra 
	turns of the meter by letting me weep in his back seat
	or like anyone, whose parts summed 
	equal something less than a whole,

what else is there to do?

---------------------------------------------------


She said "Yes"

   by Bob Rainer


When our SoHo apartment seemed confining and the job offered
   the move to Anaheim,
I volunteered to go knowing that she would come with me and
   bring over the boys from Sligo.
I was not prepared for the tears and tribulations that accompanied
   her protest,
but I had put my job on the line and felt
   we could make the best of it.
She finally agreed to come out later and I knew that
   an Irish woman saying "Yes" is the most forgiving word
   in the English language.

Anaheim on St. Patrick's Day is the loneliest place in the world
   when, just two days before,
You were planning to march up Fifth Avenue in a real parade.
Goofy in a leprechaun suit is as Irish as gefilte fish, and
   made my eyes swell with self-pity.
FantasyLand was a cruel reminder that my hopes and dreams were now
   just a fantasy,
And TomorrowLand was all I had to live for until I called her
   from the motel lobby across
Harbor Boulevard, and knew that an Irish woman saying "Yes"
     is the most inspiring word in the English language.

She called me at work from Kennedy before her flight left
   to tell me when to pick her up at LAX.
At best, she thinly disguised her wish that I would tell her
   to go back to the apartment in
Manhattan, and, God knows, I wanted to but this trap/plan
   was too far gone to quit now
and I made myself sound cheerful. I did not say:
   "Stay there and I will come back to you
and we can live forever in the place I never should have left,
   and not have to spend Sundays at
FrontierLand wishing we were at a ceili in Montauk."
But I made myself sound cheerful, and told her it would be a nice
   vacation for her, and I knew that an Irish woman saying "Yes"
   is the most patronizing word
   in the English language.

She called me at work from LAX to say goodbye, that she would miss me
As she spent the summer in Greece with Michael and Tara.
She said the three months In California were like toothpicks
   in her eyes, that she would never brings out the boys from
Sligo, and that if I ever wanted to see her again it would be in New York,
   Sligo, Dublin or Greece.
I told her my lunch hour wasn't long enough.  She told me she was taking the
   American Express card and I cried.
I asked her if this was a really bad joke and she told me to fuck off and
   hung up the phone to board her plane back to New York, where the rent was
Three months in the hole. In my mind's ear I could hear her response
   as she returned in a fantasy Cab
and I knew that an Irish woman saying "Yes" is the most elusive word
   in the English language.

She called me at work from the little phone box in Drumfarnaughty
   and said that I should come for a visit so she could tell about
the summer in Greece.
She said Michael and Tara were lovely hosts  and she had not had to put
   too much on the American Express card.
Although I had sufficient reason to doubt her last statement, my mind reeled
  in crisis mode as I planned my getaway.
Visions of becoming an indentured servant to TWA mixed with high-side hopes
of operating the Guinness in a Galway prison for what was going to happen
when I left Anaheim to go find happiness in the Connemara outback
   -- quite a stretch.
As my mind pondered my dubious future it was packing for the journey.
The trap/plan was reversed and I asked her if she would be there when
   I arrived, that it would take a few days and I knew
that an Irish woman saying "Yes" is the most compelling word
   in the English language.

Driving the Renault out of Shannon was already an adventure as I tried
   to forget about the right side of the road.  Many new changes were
   coming at me and, still, all I could look
forward to was arriving at Drumfarnaughty.  The map said I had to get
   into Ennis and head North to Galway, then take the lesser road through
   Tuam, Gorteen, Ballymote, and the ageless
relics that I passed were shouting their history on deaf ears until I stopped
   to give a lift to the two plump sheep ranchers' daughters who asked me if I
   liked sheep more than cattle.
I said nothing until I put them out in front of a country cottage the size
   of New Jersey, but they wished me well and told me to stop off for stew
   on my way back to America.
Befuddled, I soon stopped to ask another young woman if I was on the road
   to Galway.  She pointed to the sign above my head,
and I knew that an Irish woman saying "Yes" is the most motivating word
   in the English language.

Having stopped underneath several more road signs to ask young women if
   I was on the road
That the sign said I was on, I made much-interrupted progress but delayed,
   perhaps for reasons
of masochistic self-depravation, for a few sweet hours my arrival at the
   cottage.
The collie greeted me like we both spoke the same language, and the Russian
   heating oil in the exterior tank
Promised me modern comfort from the ancient turf  hearth.  Massive udders
   swelled under the slow-moving
Fresian cattle, smoke curled from just-high-enough chimneys, and Uncle Jack's
   twelve children came walking up from the cottage below, and I was inspected
    and interrogated, and given their blessing.
She called from the cottage that if I hurried on in, I would be in time for
   supper.
Afterwards, I was shown the huge slooping bed where we were to sleep, ALL
   of us.
When she and Aunt Jane and Sister Kate and the boys and the collie and
   Miss Lillie from down the road and I settled in for the night, I whispered
To her that it was good to be home, and she whispered back, and I knew that
   an Irish woman saying "Yes" is the most beckoning word
   in the English language.

So many lifetimes passed.  New York was never colder, my life was never
   more alone, she was never more gone from me.
The promises I kept for her were not strong enough to entrap us in  life
   she would not have.
We had made the best of Dublin and Youghal, and had chipped a piece off
   Blarney Castle,
and we swam naked off Dingle Peninsula with fifty German bicyclists we
  never saw before or after, and it all meant nothing.
Outside the Eagle Tavern, she came towards me in the dark, saying to her
   companion,"That's the man I warned you about.  Take care he doesn't
   start something.  Southerners are crazy, you know."
I held my gaze at Fourteenth Street while he asked her if she was sure
   she wanted to go into the Eagle
For the Seisiun.  As she led him past me, I knew that
   an Irish woman saying "Yes" is the most traitorous word
   in the English language.

-------------------------------------------------

Steel Guitar

   by Cedelas Hall


Fear inside,
strung tighter
than a steel guitar.
Pluck my strings.
They sing
a twangy song.

Faithful
as a St. Bernard.
Would have stayed
with one mate,
mourned his death
like the swan.

Betrayed,
life script shredded.
New blank page 
set before me,
ending unclear.
Try to re-write
with fits and starts.

Discordant song plays.
Country novice
on a bad practice day.
Hope the strings
will hold me together.
Broken strings
are hard to repair,
the music suffers.

-------------------------------------------

Amplified obscenities

   by Robert Menuet


After it was said of us, they kill their king, they eat their God,
the Montagnards cut months into three, abolished weeks,
condemned Sunday, suppressed worship,
except new rites at Notre Dame renamed,
incredibly, the Temple of Reason.
Through Thermidor and beyond 
we children born before the Year I
watched our  National Razor chop 
and slice 
right and left
heads of families, next of kin, 
whole towns, aristocrats, 
burghers, servants, Montagnards.
Grown to manhood after the Terror
I joined the Incroyables at the victims' balls;
Sons of the decapitated, 
we promenaded through the Tuilleries
talking baby talk, 
our marvelous women robed a la grecque, 
diaphanous drapes, red piping round their necks.
In oversized collars, grotesque, we strolled 
seeming headless till we lisped:  
Ma pa'ole d'honneu', c'est inc'oyable!

I look upon the Terror of this unchurched time, 
a place of amplified and broadcast obscenities:
a new world order of drive-by shootings at the taco bell.
With  no Committee for Public Safety
certified victims carry side arms to protect themselves 
from mortal enemies and school chums that demand their shoes.
Parents pay for earrings and tattoos.
One sees fine young cannibals, some with Attitude,
and talking heads that sing of  
burning down the house,
hears of pierced tongues and nipples,
wives, husbands, children, 
body parts cut down, severed, eaten, or 
re-attached to jeers and cheers;

Ma pa'ole d'honneu', c'est inc'oyable! We are outdone: 
they kill their God, they eat their young!




THE POETS OF DESIRE STREET

    

     Bonnie Fastring is a poet and teacher from New Orleans. 


     Andrea Saunders Gereighty owns and manages New Orleans Field
Services Associates, a public opinion polls business and is
currently the president of the New Orleans Poetry Forum. Her poetry
has appeared in many journals, as well as in her book, ILLUSIONS
AND OTHER REALITIES. 
 

     Cedelas Hall has returned to poetry writing after a 20 year hiatus.  
Her works range in subject matter from nostalgia to sex. 


     Kevin Johnson, Piscean, enjoys Tequila under the stars and writes 
about the physiology of nothingness.


     Athena O. Kildegaard is a freelancer writer and mother and
makes time between for writing poetry.


     Robert Menuet is a psychotherapist, marital therapist, and
clinical supervisor.  Previously he was a social planner. 


     Kerry Poree is an electrician from New Orleans.


     Bob Rainer is an Alabama redneck who lives in Metairie, Louisiana.


     Christine Trimbo lives in a house that once neighbored Degas'
house. She has two bicycles but no cats. 





ABOUT THE NEW ORLEANS POETRY FORUM

   The New Orleans Poetry Forum, a non-profit organization, was founded 
in 1971 to provide a structure for organized readings and workshops.  
Poets meet weekly in a pleasant atmosphere to critique works presented 
for the purpose of improving the writing skills of the presenters.  
From its inception, the Forum has sponsored public readings, guest 
teaching in local schools, and poetry workshops in prisons. For many 
years the Forum sponsored the publication of the New Laurel Review, 
underwritten by foundation and government grants.  The New Orleans 
Poetry Forum receives and administers grant funds for its activities 
and the activities of individual poets.

   Meetings are open to the public, and guest presenters are welcome.  
The meetings generally average ten to 15 participants, with a core 
of regulars.  A format is followed which assures support  for what is 
good in each poem, as well as suggestions for improvement.  In many 
cases it is possible to trace a poet's developing skill from works 
presented over time.  The group is varied in age ranges, ethnic and 
cultural backgrounds, and styles of writing and experience levels of 
participants.  This diversity provides a continuing liveliness  and energy 
in each workshop session.  Many current and past participants are 
published poets and experienced readers at universities and coffeehouses 
worldwide.  One member, Yusef Komunyakaa, was awarded the Pulitzer Prize 
for Poetry for 1994.  Members have won other distinguished prizes and 
have taken advanced degrees in creative writing at local and national 
universities.

In 1995, The New Orleans Poetry Forum began to publish a monthly 
electronic magazine, Desire Street, for distribution on the Internet 
and computer bulletin boards.  It is believed that Desire Street is
the first e-zine published by an established group of poets.  Our 
cyberspace chapbook contains poems that have been presented at the 
weekly workshop meetings, and submitted by members for publication. 
Publication will be in both message and file formats in various 
locations in cyberspace.  To subscribe to Desire Street via Listserv, 
send an Email message to DESIRE-ST@BOURBON-ST.COM and put the word  
SUBSCRIBE in the topic field of the message.  You will receive an automated 
confirmation of your enrollment.  Subscription is free of charge.


   Workshops are held every Wednesday from 8:00 PM until 10:30 at the 
Broadmoor Branch of the New Orleans Public Library,  4300 South Broad, 
at Napoleon.  Annual dues of $10.00 include admission to Forum events 
and a one-year subscription to the Forum newsletter, Lend Us An Ear. 
To present, contact us for details and bring 15 copies of your poem 
to the workshop.

   The mailing address is as follows:  

Andrea Saunders Gereighty,  President
New Orleans Poetry Forum
257 Bonnabel Boulevard
Metairie, Louisiana 70005

Email:  Robert Menuet
        robmenuet@aol.com 





COPYRIGHT NOTICE

 Desire Street,  September, 1995, copyright 1995, The New Orleans Poetry Forum.
12 poems for September, 1995.  Message format:  16 messages for September, 1995.  
Various file formats.  

   Desire Street is a monthly electronic publication of the New Orleans 
Poetry Forum. All poems published have been presented at weekly meetings 
of the New Orleans Poetry Forum by members of the Forum.  

   The New Orleans Poetry Forum encourages widespread electronic 
reproduction and distribution of its monthly magazine without cost, 
subject to the few limitations described below.  A request is made 
to electronic publishers and bulletin board system operators that 
they notify us by email when the publication is converted to 
executable, text, or compressed file formats, or otherwise stored 
for retrieval and download.  This is not a requirement for publication, 
but we would like to know who is reading us and where we are being 
distributed. Email:  robmenuet@aol.com (Robert Menuet). We also publish 
this magazine in various file formats and in several locations in 
cyberspace.

   Copyright of individual poems is owned by the writer of each poem.  
In addition, the monthly edition of  Desire Street is copyright by 
the New Orleans Poetry Forum.  Individual copyright owners and the 
New Orleans Poetry Forum hereby permit the reproduction of this 
publication subject to the following limitations:

   The entire monthly edition, consisting of the number of poems and/or
messages stated above  for the current month, also shown above, may be 
reproduced electronically in either message or file format  for 
distribution by computer bulletin boards, file transfer protocol, 
other methods of file transfer, and in public conferences and 
newsgroups. The entire monthly edition may be converted to executable, 
text,  or compressed file formats, and from one file format to another,
for the purpose of distribution.  Reproduction of this publication must 
be whole and intact, including this notice, the masthead, table of 
contents, and other parts as originally published.   Portions (i.e., 
individual poems) of this edition may not be excerpted and reproduced 
except for the  personal use of an individual.

   Individual poems may be reproduced electronically only by express 
paper-written permission of the author(s). To obtain express permission, 
contact the publisher for details.  Neither Desire Street nor the 
individual poems may be reproduced on CD-ROM without the express 
permission of The New Orleans Poetry Forum and the individual copyright 
owners. Email robmenuet@aol.com (Robert Menuet) for details.

   Hardcopy printouts are permitted for the personal use of a single 
individual.   Distribution of hardcopy printouts will be permitted 
for educational purposes only, by express permission of the publisher; 
such distribution must be of the entire contents of the edition 
in question of Desire Street.  This publication may not be sold in 
either hardcopy or electronic forms without the express paper-written 
permission of  the copyright owners.

