

Prophe-Zine, Issue # 23
Aug 1, 1996

Raymond Gano..........Welcome to Issue # 23
Berit Kjos... THE OLYMPIC DREAM A Renaissance of Unholy Oneness
Todd Strandburg...World's Rejection of The Pre-Trib Rapture
Marion Crim....HARLOT OF BABYLON
Jim Pinkoski...Ron Wyatt's Discovery of the Red Sea Crossing Site, and the
Real Mt. Sinai
Raymond  Clarke ....The Origin & Results Of The New Age
Prophe-Zine News Bites ....Assorted News sources and faithful readers
Statement of Faith, publication cycle notice, ect

*****************************
Welcome to Issue # 23

Howdy all,

Sorry for being late on this issue, I ma having a hard time budgeting my
time and getting everything that needs to be done...done.

I have been thinking and a thought popped into my head and what I would
like to ask for are people who would like to help me put PZ together. I
guess I am looking for some staff help. I have one person who helps me send
out the weird files to people who can not get PZ in the file format that I
send it in. What I need is one or 2 people that can help me put the issues
together, spell check, edit, layout, etc.

What I am looking for...

A person that is willing to put at least 1-2 hours of net time/ computer
time per day. (does not have to be all at once)

Someone who has had some time "on-line" and knows the ins and outs of the
Internet.

Someone who is willing to dedicate at least 6 months to help (THIS IS
IMPORTANT)

Spiritually mature and has been a Christian for  some time and has a good
foundation in the basics.

I am looking more for journalist skills that Bible Prophecy skills. So if
this sounds like you and you think you might want to volunteer your time to
Prophe-Zine, then drop me a Email at my address and give me you phone #, a
short bio, where your live, why you want to do this, past experience, etc.
I will be in contact with you a short time later and we can talk. So pray
about it.

In this issue Berit Kjos has once again written a wonderful article about
the Olympics. Was it me or did this Olympics seem real one worldish. Well
Berit really goes into great detail.

For you Pre-Tribbers Todd Strandburg's "World's Rejection of The Pre-Trib
Rapture" article is a VERY good article.

Every once in a while a article crosses my desk that just makes me go
Hhhmmmm. Marion Crim's article on the "HARLOT OF BABYLON" did just that.
Tell me what you think about it. I did not go into heavy study regarding
this article, but on the surface it has some very good points and worth
reading.

Well that is all for now. Keep the Email coming and KEEP YOUR EYES OPEN for
any news happening in your area. Things are speeding up and I need more
people to be good watchmen / watchwomen. So until we meet here on this
earth or in the clouds with our Lord.

Always in His service,
Ray
Sr. Editor
Prophe-Zine


************************

THE OLYMPIC DREAM
A Renaissance of Unholy Oneness
by Berit Kjos

The spirit behind Zeus, the ancient god of the Olympics, would have been
pleased. Never has so large a flock sung his hymn and cheered his sacred
flame. Never have so many people celebrated a timeless ritual involving
earth-centered spirits and the "tribes" they inspire. And never have so
many international heroes been idolized for their physical prowess,
regardless of moral character.

Never have so many nations cheered the dream of global oneness. Awaiting a
spiritual and physical renaissance "powerful enough to unite the world,"1
the Olympic dream was born in 1896 when Frenchman Pierre deCoubertin
revived the ancient Olympic games. Now, on its 100th birthday, the dream
burns stronger than ever, fueled by wishful thinking, globalist propaganda,
and the utopian ambitions of the United Nations.

Few dare burst the politically correct bubble by telling the truth: that
oneness without God contradicts all of history's warnings about the
cruelties of human nature and the tyrannies of godless rulers. That truth
had no place in the opening ceremony on July 19, 1996. Instead, the crowd
of 83,000 in Atlanta cheered as five "Olympic spirits" wrapped in silvery
cloth and masked as sun gods rose out of the earth. Representing the five
regions and colors of the world, they writhed like serpents while chanting
mystical invocations to "summon the tribes" of the world.

The five tribes came. Costumed in the Olympic colors-blue for Europe, green
for Australia, yellow for Asia, red for the Americas, and black for
Africa-the five hundred tribes people streamed into the arena. After a
frenzied dance to the beat of a percussion arrangement by Mickey Hart, a
"Grateful Dead" drummer, the color-coded groups formed the five
interlocking rings of the Olympic symbol, welcoming the "the global family"
to celebrate the renewal of the Olympic dream.

Human butterflies and chrome pick-up trucks were part of a strange medley
of Southern impressions. As a token reminder that Christians, too, belong
to the global family and Georgia's history, the medley included a parade of
"churchgoers"-stiff, lifeless 28 foot tall puppets in elegant white dress
and top hats. "O when the saints come marching in..." played the band.

A giant thunderbird, a Navajo symbol of divine power and fire-and-rain from
heaven, brought an obscure reminder of "the heartache and travail of the
South, including the Civil War." But healing was on its way: a white-winged
goddess-like "Southern Spirit" came to "reawaken the landscape."
"Hallelujah! Hallelujah...." sang the Hallelujah Choir.

In a "tribute to the ancient Greek Olympians and...the unifying power of
these ancient games," the arena was transformed into the old Olympia.
There, back in 776BC-when Nike was the Goddess of Victory, not a trademark
for shoes-the original games began. The walls of a fifty-foot-high temple
to Zeus showed silhouettes of Greek athletes in action and of victory
goddesses crowning the winners with olive wreaths.

Suddenly the lights dimmed, celebrations ceased, and the world turned dark.
"The darkness represents the 1500 years when the games were forgotten,"
explained the commentator. He omitted the reason for those dark ages: that
the games were banned in AD 394 by Roman Emperor Theodosius who became a
Christian and could no longer condone the pagan celebrations.

But contemporary Americans, well-trained in multicultural tolerance, have
learned to ignore God's warnings concerning "other gods" and pagan rituals.
"A new voice was heard," continued the commentator. "Pierre de Coubertin's.
He said, 'We shall light the Olympic flame once more, and this time keep it
burning-an everlasting tribute to all that is great and noble in mankind.'"


All that is great and noble? From whose perspective? Sports and physical
exercise is good, but it takes more than athletic prowess to make anyone
great and noble. "Exercise yourself toward godliness," said the apostle
Paul. "For bodily exercise profits a little, but godliness is profitable
for all things...." (1 Timothy 4:7-8)

Forgotten in the flurry of the festivities were the hurt and angry people
whose homes had been razed and whose businesses were destroyed to create
parking space and more presentable surroundings for Olympic fans. "The
Olympics have devastate this neighborhood,"2 said J. Davis, a hairdresser
in what was a thriving black-owned business area.

But such conflict of interests should come as no surprise. To globalist
leaders, the ends justify the means. Personal interests must be sacrificed
on the altar of a higher good. Since global celebrations are needed to
raise consciousness and spread the dream of unity, individuals must learn
to serve a greater whole.

This need for public rituals was stressed at the recent United Nations
conference in Istanbul. As Dr. Benjamin Ladner, President of American
University, said during a day long panel discussion on Solidarity: "We must
commit ourselves to the work of imagining our common humanity....and of
enacting civic rituals that resonate with the music of our ancestors."3

"What's needed is ...something analogous to the ancient acropolis," added
James Morton, dean of the Episcopal Cathedral of St. John the Divine in New
York, "where today's diversity of national and ethnic customs and religious
traditions can be celebrated and upheld for the enrichment of
everybody....The new acropolises will... provide opportunity for sacred
expression needed to bind the people of the planet into a viable,
meaningful, and sustainable solidarity."

This global oneness sounds good to those who reject biblical truth and have
forgotten the lessons of history. Global peace sounds good to those who
want security and have never known political oppression. And global
controls sound good to those who fear terrorism more than totalitarianism
and are prepared to sacrifice American freedoms to fulfill utopian dreams.
Small wonder then, that over 3 billion viewers around the world approve
these pagan rites and the "power of the dream." It costs nothing to dream,
but the unified world it envisions would be costly beyond measure.

The Bible tells us so. God withdrew His protection and blessings when
ancient Israel turned from its Creator and Shepherd to "other gods" and
pagan rituals. Famine, wars, plagues and oppression followed. Yet,
America-built on Biblical truth and blessed by its Creator-has opened its
arms to all the pagan seductions that deceived God's people long ago.

God has an answer to our problem: repentance-confessing our sin and turning
back to the Shepherd who loves us. But even these guidelines have been
turned upside-down by those who seek a planetary utopia rather than
biblical truth. Millard Fuller, president of Habitat for Humanity, who
shared both the globalist vision and the UN platform with James Morton and
Dr. Ladner, said: "We must repent for the Kingdom of Heaven is at hand ...
What Jesus really said was to ...change your whole way of thinking, because
the new order of the spirit is confronting and challenging you." His call
was to a renewing of minds with the new globalist, inter-faith perspective,
not with biblical truth.

False teaching, twisted interpretations, and occult deceptions would
multiply in end times. "Christians" would deceive and betray each other.
Those who follow Christ "will be hated by all nations.... And because
lawlessness will abound, the love of many will grow cold." (Matthew 24:9,
12) Yet, throughout history, opposition has strengthened, not stopped, the
Christian message.

Mingling silently with Olympic fans and idolized athletes were two massive
armies: (1) the 30,000 soldiers, undercover agents, and security officers
who offered physical protection during the games; and (2) countless
Christian soldiers offering God's spiritual protection for all eternity.
They knew that, for a moment in time, the world's mission fields have come
to Atlanta, and they would use every opportunity to show the only Way to
fulfill the dream of transcultural oneness and everlasting peace.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

To prepare your family for the cultural shift from Christian beliefs and
values to the "new" global spirituality and earth-centered values, read
Brave New Schools (Harvest House Publishers). Available through Christian
bookstores or call 1-800-829-5646.

Endnotes:
1 This and other unidentified quotes were part of the ongoing comments by
the hosts and narrators--usually not visible to viewers--who explained the
ceremony.
2 Ann Killion, "Stung by the Olympic Movement," San Jose Mercury News, July
20, 1996.
3 I attended and taped this conversation.
4 "A reported 3.5 billion people around the world watched...." Joan Ryan,
"Inspiring Opening to Olympics," San Francisco Chronicle, July 20, 1996.

PERSONAL BACKGROUND:

Berit Kjos

Berit Kios is a widely respected researcher, the author of books and
magazine articles, a popular conference speaker, and a concerned parent who
has extensively studied current education systems.

Kjos first became aware of New Age and occult influences in our society at
a 1974 conference on holistic health.  As a registered nurse, she was
interested in methods of healing, but soon discovered that the occult
powers found in New Age methods brought bondage instead of true healing. As
a parrot, Kjos became aware of similar New Age influences in education. She
began to monitor the schools for classroom programs that taught occultism
and New Age spirituality, then began to share what she learned with other
parents and teachers.

Now a popular speaker for churches, Christian schools, and home schooling
groups nationwide, Kjos has given workshops and seminars at conferences
such as the Association for Christian Schools International.  She has
spoken at conferences for such groups as the Constitutional Coalition,Child
Evangelism Fellowship, Concerned Women for America, and Citizens for
Excellence in Education.

Kjos' newest book, Brave New Schools, surveys the scene in today's public
schools and provides guidelines for parents who are concerned about their
children's education. Kjos shows how myth, feeling, imagination, and
politically correct stories are replacing truth, facts, logic, and history
in the classroom. She also explains what programs such as Goals 2000 are
all about, and why all students-even homeschoolers-eventually will be
required to demonstrate competence in the new social and thinking skills
before they can move on to higher education or jobs.

A frequent guest on national radio and television programs, Kjos has been
interviewed on The 700 Club, Point of View, Bible Answer Man, Beverly
LaHaye Live, Crosstalk, CBN Radio, Family Radio Network, and many more.

Berit Kjos has authored four books, Your Child and the New Age, Under the
Spell of Mother Earth, Brave New Schools,  and A Wardrobe from the King, a
Bible study showing how to wear the Armor of God.  These books were written
to encourage Christian families to resist the New Age and Neo-pagan
influences that are transforming America.  A 1974 conference on Holistic
Health first introduced Berit, a registered nurse, to the enticing
"universal force" of the New Age. While writing Bible studies and training
leaders, she saw the need to show children the basic differences between
New Age teaching and Biblical truth--and to help them know and love the
truths that counter deception.

Berit Kjos' newest book Brave New Schools, shows how the goals of education
have been turned upside-down.  Socialization--learning global beliefs and
values and politically correct behavior--have replaced academics as the
main outcome of education.  You may hear nice-sounding promises, but
factual learning and individual thinking are out, feelings and group
thinking are in.  If this international system is put in place by AD 2001
as planned, all children will be monitored through a national computerized
data transmission system designed to build a permanent, personal file on
every child.  No one will be safe from the watchful eyes of those who
control the new "school-to-work" system-not children taught at home or in
private schools, not their parents, not anyone.  So be informed. Learn what
you can do to help preserve our families and freedoms.

Kjos and her husband, Andy, make their home in California. They have three
sons and a daughter-in-law: Todd, Anna, Troy, and David

*************

World's Rejection of The Pre-Trib Rapture
By:  Todd Strandburg

 How the world's rejection of the pre-trib rapture proves its validity.

The majority of Christians believe that Jesus Christ will eventually return
for his Church. However, there is not as much unity over the timing of
Christ's return. Some believe in a pre-tribulation rapture, some a
post-tribulation rapture, and a few adhere to a mid-tribulation rapture.
Like most Christians, I believed in the pre-tribulation rapture.

For some people the word of God is not enough to convince them of the
pre-trib rapture's validity. When Jesus said, "for ye know neither the day
nor the hour wherein the Son of man cometh."(Mat 25:13) People who believe
in a Post-Trib rapture are essentially making Jesus into a liar because
Daniel tells us the Tribulation will last 1260 days, and the tribulation
saints will need to wait a total of 1335 days.(Dan 12:7;12) Where do you
get an unknown date out of a date your already given. This is why thy the
rapture and the second coming have to be two separate events. For the
"Scripturally Hard of Understanding" I've realized a common sense way of
proving the validity of the pre-trib rapture, One good way to determine if
a doctrine's factual is to see how the devil reacts to it. If you were sit
in your living room watch TV and suddenly the Satan himself appeared before
you, and as quickly as he appeared he began chewing you out royally. You
could pass out cold, but instead you should rebuke him in the name of Jesus
and then thank him for letting you know your must be doing something
verypleasing to God get the devil mad at you. The devil doesn't make very
many house calls so we don't have him to get his personal reaction, but we
do have the world around us which he and his demons control. If the devil
controlled world displays an ignores or disfavor towards a teaching, it's
almost a asured that the teaching, in question, can be noted as
scripturally sound. A good example is the belief that Jesus is the only way
to God. The ungodly liberal media hates this doctrine and those who teach
it. They prefer to promote the notion that all religions are equal. The
Bible quotes Jesus as saying, "I am the way, the truth, and the life: no
man cometh unto the Father, but by me." (John 14:6)

When I looked to see what the world's view of the rapture was, I found none
- I mean there was no secular resources to be found that promoted the
rapture teaching. I've listed below five instances where carnal
organizations have made what can only be described as an active omission of
the pre-trib rapture doctrine:

Prophecy Programs

In the past few years there have been several networks which broadcasted
programs that dealt with the subject of prophecy. These shows did a
wonderful job of educating the public about every New Age or occultic
position on prophecy, but the rapture teaching was always strangely
missing. This oversight had to be intentional because the rapture teaching
enjoys a large follow among evangelical. Many of the other teachings that
were aired only have scant adherence by both Christian and non Christian
groups. The devil knows that coverage of the rapture will warn people to be
ready and that's something he defiantly does not want to happen.

Supermarket Tabloids

Frequently, when I'm passing through the checkout counter at my local
supermarket, I'll see one of those tabloids with a headline like, "End of
the World Dec 31, 1996" or some other date. I've examined a good number of
these rag magazines and I've noticed they always seem to have a Post-Trib
or apocalyptic view of end time events. I can't ever recall reading about
the pre-trib rapture in one of these tabloids. In fact, I have a service
provider that has a data base of several tabloid back issues. I searched
through all of the articles that related to the end times and none
mentioned the rapture teaching. Satan must have decided there needs to be
total suppression of the rapture in all secular resources. You would think
having the rapture teaching in one of these tabloids next to a story about
the man who gave birth to a three headed baby would help discrediting the
rapture through association, but apparently the devil must have decided it
would be much too dangerous of a thing to chance.

Cults

I find cults interesting because most have a fixation with the end times
and prophecy. I surveyed several and I noticed that no major cult holds the
pre-trib rapture as one of their doctrinal beliefs. Scriptural errors tend
to cling together, and you can find some particular errors in several if
not all cults. Because the Rapture teaching is the truth, it is not taught
in any of the main cults. I know of some cults that sprang from
denomination that believed in a pre-tribulation rapture. When the group
went their own way, they dropped the pre-trib and adopted a Post-Trib view.

The Late Great Planet Earth

The book "The Late Great Planet Earth" by Hal Lindsey was the top seller of
the Seventies. It sold more than 20 million copies. Normally, with such an
amazing number of sales, you would expect the book and its author toreceive
a good deal of the media's attention. This wasn't the case for Hal Lindsey
- he was largely ignored by the secular press. Mr. Lindsey was declared the
best selling author of the decade by the New York times, but they really
didn't have much choice - he had three book in their top ten list at the
same time. It would have been more noticeable if they had not given Hal
Lindsey the title. I do recall ever seeing a major network interview with
Hal Lindsey - the Christian media maybe, but not the secular media. What
really brings out the media boycott of "The Late Great Planet Earth" is the
minor success of some New Age books and how the press reacted them. The
Book "Embraced by the Light" which is book dripping with demonic influences
was played up tremendously by the liberal media. The press highlighted many
of the teachings from the book and talked with the author, Betty J. Eadie,
about her experiences. For a book based on true Christian doctrines to get
the liberal media's attention, the demand for that book would have to be so
great that every tree in North America would need to be cut down in order
to publish that book.

No Records Found

Now that all the magazine, encyclopedias, and various other reference
material are being transcribed to CD-ROM, you can easily execute word
searches of every article in any magazine going back several years. I
wanted to see if any carnal publications ever made mention of the rapture
so I used the search functions to hunt for end time related words. Many
common words like: end times, tribulation, and Armageddon, came up; but the
word rapture, in the context of prophecy, never materialized. The most
common reply I received was "No records Found."

I would like to conclude by asking any of my Christian bothers and sisters,
who do not believe in the pre-trib rapture, a question. If the pre-trib
rapture is a lie from the devil, then why do we have the above situations
where the pre-trib rapture teaching is excluded by the carnal world? For
those of you who are looking forward or wish to be ready for the rapture, I
highly encourage you to check out my web page "Are You Ready for the
Rapture?"

**************

HARLOT OF BABYLON
By: Marion Crim
MAZRA@aol.com

Dear Ray:

First let me thank you for your Prophe-Zine publication.  I believe it to
be the most biblically sound instrument on the internet concerning matters
of Bible prophecy.  It is for this reason I am submitting to you the
attached article.  It was based on a literal interpretation of Revelations
17 & 18.  The conclusion may be of the  utmost importance to the United
States and the whole world.  I am not a writer by trade; so if you decide
to publish this article, it may need some editing.

I ask that you review the conclusions in this article,.  For most of the
last year, I have been corresponding with many individuals on the internet
concerning the harlot of Babylon.  Mostly, I receive many,
verydifferent,theories on the identification of the harlot of Babylon from
Rome, and the Roman Catholic Church, to Jerusalem, and to a rebuilt old
Babylon.  None of these theories literally fulfill the scriptures.  Those
individuals, that hold to these theories, hold to a highly
symbolicinterpretation of the whole of Revelations Chapter 17 & 18.  Only a
few verses of Revelations 17 should be taken symbolically, and those verses
the angel explains:

Rev 17:7 Then the angel said to me: "Why are you astonished? I will explain
to you the mystery of the woman and of the beast she rides, which has the
seven heads and ten horns. (NIV)

The balance of Rev. 17 and the whole of Rev. 18 should be taken literally.
(Though the Apostle John may have employed some figurative language in some
verses.)  It would be better that the conclusion in the attached article is
wrong.  Unfortunately, I have found no one that can make a viable argument
against this conclusion.  The prophecy fits very well, and in many
different ways.  The mystery of the harlot may be solved, and if this is
correct, then the following must be proclaimed:

Rev 18:4 Then I heard another voice from heaven say: "Come out of her, my
people, so that you will not share in her sins, so that you will not
receive any of her plagues; (NIV)

I am seeking doctrinally sound individuals to verify or reject the
conclusions in the attached article in light of scripture and the facts of
history.  Hopefully, individuals who are not jaded by their own biased
conclusions.  I believe your publication may be the best way to do so.

Thank you again for your important work.

May God Bless You,

Marion Crim


HARLOT OF BABYLON

Who is the harlot of Babylon as mentioned in Chapter 17 and 18 of the Book
of Revelations?

For centuries scholars and theologians have been trying to identify the
harlot of Babylon.  The most popular theories in recent years were Rome,
the Pope, the European Economic Community, or Jerusalem?

Let us venture to identity this harlot of Babylon in light of the Word of God..

First let us look at the clues.  You can follow along in your Bible.  The
NIV version will give you a clear translation, but other versions will do
as well.

Rev 17:1 One of the seven angels who had the seven bowls came and said to
me, "Come, I will show you the punishment of the great prostitute, who sits
on many waters. (NIV)

Rev 17:15 Then the angel said to me, "The waters you saw, where the
prostitute sits, are peoples, multitudes, nations and languages. (NIV)

Clue 1.) The harlot will be, "peoples, multitudes, nations, and languages."

Rev 17:18 The woman you saw is the great city that rules over the kings of
the earth." (NIV)

Clue 2.) The harlot is a great city, and not just any great city, but
one,"that rules over the kings of the earth."

Rev 17:2 With her the kings of the earth committed adultery and the
inhabitants of the earth were intoxicated withh the wine of her adulteries.
(NIV)

Rev 18:3 For all the nations have drunk the maddening wine of her
adulteries. The kings of the earth committed adultery with her,
.........(NIV)

Clue 3.) The harlot city will spread adulteries to the "inhabitants" and
"nations" of the earth.

Rev 18:17 In one hour such great wealth has been brought to ruin!'......(NIV)

Clue 4.) The harlot city will possess "excessive luxuries" (Rev 18:3) and
"great wealth" (Rev 18:17).

Rev 18:5 for her sins are piled up to heaven, and God has remembered her
crimes. (NIV)

Clue 5.)  The harlot city is a sinful place ridden with crime.

Rev 18:11 "The merchants of the earth will weep and mourn over her because
no one buys their cargoes any more-- (NIV).

And,

Rev 18:3 .........and the merchants of the earth grew rich from her
excessive luxuries." (NIV)

Clue 6.)  The harlot city must have a vast marketplace from which the
merchants of the earth grew rich.

Rev 18:17 In one hour such great wealth has been brought to ruin!' "Every
sea captain, and all who travel by ship, the sailors, and all who earn
their living from the sea, will stand far off. (NIV)

Rev 18:19 They will throw dust on their heads, and with weeping and
mourning cry out: "`Woe! Woe, O great city, where all who had ships on the
sea became rich through her wealth! In one hour she has been brought to
ruin! (NIV)

Clue 7.)  The harlot city has a seaport, and not just any seaport, but a
huge seaport, "where all who had ships on the sea became rich."

Now let us put the clues that describe the harlot city together.

Clue 1: "contains, peoples, multitudes, nations, and languages"
Clue 2: "a great city that rules over the kings of the earth"
Clue 3: "spreads adulteries to the inhabitants of the earth"
Clue 4: "excessive luxuries and great wealth"
Clue 5: "sinful place ridden with crime"
Clue 6: "marketplace where the merchants of the earth grew rich"
Clue 7: "huge seaport"

Have you guessed her yet?  If not let us help you along.

Since the Apostle John wrote his visions in Revelations no city has
fulfilled all the prophesies (clues) concerning the harlot, that is until
the latter half of this century.

Many cities can claim a seaport.  Many cities can claim a vast marketplace.
Many cities are wealthy.   Many cities are ridden with crime.  Manycities
could spread adulteries.  Fewer cities contain peoples, multitudes,
nations, and languages, for the vast majority of the cities in the world
contains the  peoples and languages of the nearby regions.  And until now,
no city has ruled over the kings of the earth.

Not until the formation of the United Nations has a governmental body ruled
over all the kings of the earth.  And as most people know, the United
Nations makes rulings over the earth from its location in New York City.

Let's look a little closer.

New York City contains the World Government.  Some may say the  United
Nations does not have any real authority; but the prophecies  concerning
the harlot does not go into the quality of her rule.  However, the United
Nations does rule with some authority.  With the military powers of
Western Europe and the United States behind it, the United Nations has been
able to dictate sanctions and other actions against the nations of the
earth. For example, the coalition of forces during the Gulf War  with Iraq
was under the authority of the United Nations, with the parameters  for
this war dictated by this world governmental body.  Almost daily the United
Nation make rulings over the nations of the earth.  There has not been
agovernmental body like it since the creation of the world.

New York City has a seaport, but not just any seaport, a vital seaport
towards world trade.  It has one of the busiest, if not the busiest,
seaports in the world.  How many merchant seamen that has lived a long life
transporting goods have not had a stop in New York?

The harlot will be a vast marketplace.  New York City has this in
abundance. The stock exchanges within New York City are the largest in the
world.  How many companies, that conduct trade throughout the world, have
offices  in the World Trade Center towers alone?  And there are all the
many other types of markets, above ground and underground that makes New
York City the largest marketplace in the world.

It will contain peoples, multitudes, nations, and languages.  New York City
has long been known as a "melting pot" of peoples from all over the world.
Within its environs sits the embassies and consulates of most of the
nations of the earth.  These consulates are like sovereign territories of
their owning nations.  The "melting pot" population not withstanding,
doesn't touch the many languages spoken in New York City through these many
consulates. New York City fulfills this prophecy better than any city since
the Apostle John was given Our Lord's most holy revelation.


Many people in the United State and throughout the world knows of the crime
problem within New York City.  Many cities have a crime problem, but none
have the problem as infamous as New York City.   Who dares to walk Central
Park alone at night?

And yes, New York City has excessive wealth and luxuries.  New York City is
the largest city in the wealthiest nation the world has ever known. Think
about it!

And, finally New York City's  adulteries are spread throughout the world
through huge networks of media; including, books, magazines, movies,
television, satellite broadcast, and the like, of which most pornography
and other such filth owe its beginnings; and of which, the powers that
control these media originated or presently based (Time Warner, NBC, CBS,
ABC, 9 of the 10 largest advertising agencies in the world, and much
more).Much of these media owe their existence to New York City.  The
suburbs of New York City was the birthplace, or mother, of the motion
picture industry.  And though the motion picture industry, and much of
these media are now spread elsewhere in the world,  the prophecy is
fulfilled by New York City being the"Mother of the abominations of the
earth".   The prophecy tells us that the "nations" and the "inhabitants of
the earth" will drink of the maddening wine of her adulteries.  This is a
mysterious prophecy until you see the spread of adulteries through
television and movies.  Nearly the whole world receives programing from the
United States, of which much is controlled by powers based in New York
City.  Television is becoming like a drug to the inhabitants of the earth.
Satellite communications have made available all manners of programing,
including hard-core pornography, accessible to anyone with a satellite
dish. Ironically, the problem was recently recognized in Iran where
ownership of a satellite dish is forbidden.  Pornography and the constant
barrage of sexually explicit material spread through these various media is
causing a tremendous strain against the family, and the overall morals of
the world. Ask our friends at Focus on the Family,  "What are the effects
of pornography on a society?"  It is no wonder that God is angry, and her
doom has been foretold.

And consider the following verse:

Rev 17:5 This title was written on her forehead: MYSTERY BABYLON THE GREAT
THE MOTHER OF PROSTITUTES AND OF THE ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH. (NIV)

The symbolic name Mystery Babylon could be a reference to the old testament
tower of  Babel when all the nations were under one tongue.

Gen 11:6 The LORD said, "If as one people speaking the same language they
have begun to do this, then nothing they plan to do will be impossible for
them. (NIV)

New York City gathers together under the English language many peoples from
around the world.   From the many who arrived in the land of opportunity
from the port of New York City, and as they spread to other parts of United
States, this nation has done things that no other nation in the history of
the world has accomplished; including, touching the face of the moon.  As
one people, under one tongue is there anything that we could not
accomplish? Only the United States many sins, and the fact we no longer
honor the words on our currency, "In God We Trust", prevents us from
accomplishing more.

We must stand vigil, and we must use this information for the Glory of
Jesus Christ, Our Savior and Lord, for whom we all must place our trust.
For the beast is coming and he will "hate" New York City, the United
Nations , the United States, and the whole of Christendom.

So, in conclusion, as a mission to those who are lost, and a warning to
those who are found.

Revelations 18:4, "Come out of her my people, so that you will not share in
her  sins, so that you will not receive her plagues."

Please contact all your friends and love ones, and urge them to put these
clues together for themselves and obey the command of God to "Come Out
ofHer."

(Note: I am but a messenger, it will be up to you alone to accept or reject
this message.  We are told to test all things.   So please, test in light
of scripture, test these things, and should you have any questions or
comments, you can E-mail me at MAZRA@aol.com)

No man knows the exact time of the fulfillment of prophecy, or the coming
of the Lord.  It could be hundreds of years away; but we must assume it
could happen today; and we must be prepared for such.

May God Bless You and Give You Wisdom,

William (Marion) Crim III

THE OTHER THEORIES

ROME
 It can not be Rome, for Rome or Vatican City does not have authority over
the kings of the earth.  Our history books tells us that the English King
Henry VIII refused the authority of the Pope in Rome, and formed the Church
of England in direct opposition to Rome's authority.  The Muslim nations of
the earth does not yield to the authority of Rome, and the same is true for
many other leaders or other nations.

Many claim that the harlot must be Rome because of a verse that talks of
seven hills, as in the historical reference to the seven hills where the
City of Rome was founded:

Rev 17:9 "This calls for a mind with wisddom. The seven heads are seven
hills on which the woman sits. (NIV)

Rev 17:10 They are also seven kings. Five have fallen, one is, the other
has not yet come; but when he does come, he must remain for a little while.
(NIV)

Though the harlot is shown to sit upon the beast, the seven heads are a
part of the beast and not apart of the harlot.

Rev 13:1 And the dragon stood on the shore of the sea. And I saw a beast
coming out of the sea. He had ten horns and *seven heads*, with ten crowns
on his horns, and on each head a blasphemous name. (NIV)

THE ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH or THE POPE

Eight times in Revelations 17 & 18 the prophecy calls the harlot a city. It
is not going to be a church, a religion, or an individual.  It is going to
be a city!

JERUSALEM

It can not be Jerusalem.  Jerusalem doesn't have a sea port. ( By-the-way,
the city of Rome doesn't have its own seaport either.  Rome depends on
other nearby coastal towns for access to the sea.)   Jerusalem is a
relatively poor town.  Even the reconstruction of the temple in Jerusalem
could not create the excessive wealth and luxuries the prophecies
foretells.

EUROPEAN ECONOMIC COMMUNITY

Scripture tells us that the harlot will be a city, and not a collection of
nations.

OLD BABYLON (rebuilt)

Old Babylon is many, many miles inland.  The ships of the sea can not go
there.  Does anyone believe that Iraq will develop in such a way that the
merchants of the earth will grow rich from her excessive luxuries?  Maybe
in a couple of hundred years!

THE BEAST and THE HARLOT ARE ONE

Many claim that the beast and the harlot are related.  This is not the
case. They will oppose one another.

Rev 17:16 The beast and the ten horns you saw will hate the prostitute.
They will bring her to ruin and leave her naked; they will eat her flesh
and burn her with fire. (NIV)

The beast is a man.

Rev 13:18 This calls for wisdom. If anyone has insight, let him calculate
the number of the beast, for it is man's number. His number is 666. (NIV)

The harlot is a city.

Rev 17:18 The woman you saw is the great city that rules over the kings of
the earth." (NIV)

IRONIES

A woman greets all that enter New York City by sea. (Statue of Liberty)

The town of Babylon is a suburb of New York City.

The word "Babylon" has longed been used as a term to identify decadence.

FINAL THOUGHT

God will allow the beast to destroy the harlot in an hours time.  This
destruction by fire will be so complete thatno one will ever live there
again.  John figuratively referred to this destruction as leaving the city
"naked", and the eating of flesh.  The beast will more than just kill her,
he will destroy her utterly.

Rev 17:16 The beast and the ten horns you saw will hate the prostitute.
They will bring her to ruin and leave her naked; they will eat her flesh
 and burn her with fire. (NIV)

Rev 17:17 For God has put it into their hearts to accomplish his purpose by
agreeing to give the beast their power to rule, until God's words are
fulfilled. (NIV)

Rev 18:17 In one hour such great wealth has been brought to ruin!' "Every
sea captain, and all who travel by ship, the sailors, and all who earn
their living from the sea, will stand far off. (NIV)

Rev 18:8 Therefore in one day her plagues will overtake her: death,
mourning and famine. She will be consumed by fire, for mighty is the Lord
God who judges her. (NIV)

Rev 18:22 The music of harpists and musicians, flute players and
trumpeters, will never be heard in you again. No workman of any trade will
ever be found in you again. The sound of a millstone will never be heard in
you again. (NIV)

Rev 18:23 The light of a lamp will never shine in you again. The voice of
bridegroom and bride will never be heard in you again. Your merchants were
the world's great men. By your magic spell all the nations were led astray.
(NIV)

The Greek word for 'hour", HORA, can mean, " an instant."  The city will be
destroyed by fire in an instant.  Death, mourning and famine will overtake
her in a day.  Unfortunately it reminds me, too vividly, of the accounts of
Hiroshima and Nagasaki.  Does New York City await the same fate?

**************

Ron Wyatt's Discovery of the Red Sea Crossing Site, and the Real Mt. Sinai
by Jim Pinkoski

In Prophe-Zine #19, I wrote an article about Ron Wyatt's discovery of the
Ark of the Covenant, and I explained that I am the manager of "The Museum
of God's Treasures," a museum that features all of Ron's amazing
discoveries, and I have worked with Ron for the past 6 years.  I also
mentioned that we have a Web Page wherein we are up-loading information on
these discoveries, located at: http://fountain.crystalpt.com/ark

I am writing this article to announce that we have just posted Ron's Exodus
material up on our Web Page, and we would like for everybody to be sure to
take a look at it!   Before you see it, I would ask people to keep in mind
2 things: 1) This work has been undertaken by only one person, and Ron does
not belong to any group or organization that has backed him through the
years.    2) Accordingly, it has taken a number of years for Ron to visit
and then re-visit each of these several archaeological sites (which are
somewhat "inconveniently" located on the other side of the planet!), and
doing this work has entailed making 50+ trips overseas over the past 18
years.  Most of Ron's discoveries were initially made in the 1977-1979 time
period, but then it took time to actually complete the documentation
process, diligently write it all up in his Newsletters, and then get all of
his film footage edited and put all together onto video!  This is a HUGE
undertaking for only one person!  This work is still in the process of
being completed, but Ron is nearing the goal of finishing it all -- it is
FINALLY time for these things to be shared and seen by everyone!

As I tell the people who come to our Museum, Ron made his first trip to
Turkey to search for Noah's Ark in 1977, and Ron thought that Noah's Ark
was going to be the ONLY thing he ever worked on -- but the Lord had a few
surprises in store for him!  Within 2 or 3 years Ron kept "stumbling" upon
one discovery after another.  After all, he was a Christian who had read
and cared about ALL of the main stories in the Bible.  Noah's Ark is not
"more important" than the story of Sodom and Gomorrah, or the Exodus, or
the extremely special events that took place at Mt. Sinai!  And NONE of
these main stories from the Bible had been "settled" sufficiently, in Ron's
opinion -- solid archaeological evidence was still missing -- so he became
curious as to what he might be able to find and locate to prove that these
Bible stories were true.

THE DISCOVERY OF THE RED SEA CROSSING SITE

For years people have "assumed" that the site for Mt. Sinai was on the
Sinai Peninsula, near St. Catherine's Monestary -- but honest
archaeologists have admitted that they cannot even be sure "which mountain"
it might be!  Therefore Ron felt that it is not the correct site, so the
real Mt. Sinai still remained to be located.  But to find Mt. Sinai, it
became very important to first locate the Red Sea crossing site.

Around this time a number of absurd ideas were beginning to surface about
the location of the crossing site, and certain people even came up with the
idea of calling the "Red Sea" the "Sea of Reeds" and having Moses lead the
Hebrews through a crossing site where the water was only 2 feet deep -- and
then the joke became that then it really would have been a "miracle" to
drown Pharaoh's army in only 2 feet of water!  It seems that the Christian
world was getting tired of looking for this crossing site, and not finding
it.  So the fanciful stories began to surface.  Stories that mocked the
truth of this very important event.

Ron began his search by believing that the crossing site could be on either
side of the Sinai Peninsula, but he favored it being somewhere on the Gulf
of Aqaba side.  He inspected the maps of the British Admiralty, and he
found an area in the mid-portion of the Gulf of Aqaba that was nowhere as
deep as the rest of the gulf.  Instead of going to a depth of 5,000 feet,
this area only went down to a depth of 900 to 1,000 feet at its deepest
point.  What he found seemed to be a natural underwater land bridge!

Another major factor convinced him that this was probably the crossing site
was this:  On the eastern shore of the Sinai Peninsula there is ONLY ONE
PLACE that is big enough to hold the perhaps 2-3 million people, their
flocks, and Pharaoh's army!  And the underwater land bridge extends
DIRECTLY from that beach area!  This beach area is so huge that it can even
be seen from outer space!  On our Web Page you will see a satellite photo
of this area, and you will also see a regular aerial view of this massive
beach located at Nuweba.

Ron Wyatt and his 2 sons made their first scuba dive in this area in 1978,
and on this first dive they found chariot remains!   Just like the Noah's
Ark site, these chariot parts were not in perfect condition.  They were
covered with coral, which made them difficult to see clearly, but it seems
that coral was the agent the Lord used to preserve them.  They found
numerous wheels.  Some were still on their axles, and some were off.  Some
wheels were 6-spoked, and some were 8 spoked.  In 1988 Ron found a 4-spoked
gold chariot wheel, which looks almost perfect.  The reason for this is
that coral does not grow on gold.  The wood inside the gold "veneer" had
deteriorated and rotted away, which made the gold rim very fragile, and for
that reason Ron did not attempt to retrieve it from the water.  Video
footage of it appears on our "Presentation of Discoveries Video," and on
the soon to be released "Exodus Video."

The underwater land bridge extends all the way across the midway portion of
the Gulf of Aqaba.  The distance across the Gulf is approximately 8 miles
from shore to shore, and Ron found out that the underwater pathway sloped
down from the Egyptian side of the crossing site at a very gentle 6 degree
angle, while in the other portions of the Gulf of Aqaba the deeper areas
dropped off at abrupt, sharper angles.  There is a perfect wadi (canyon)
leading through the mountains on the Sinai Peninsula to this huge beach
area at Nuweba, and before they put in a paved road there, it was quite
obvious that all the large boulders, etc., had been pushed to either side
of the wadi -- and when Ron went scuba diving in the water, he found that
this same stone-cleared pathway extended in the crystal clear water!  The
path had been made clear by the multitude so they could cross the Gulf of
Aqaba portion of the Red Sea.

This discovery has been inspected and double-verified by the Australian
archaeologist, Jonathan Gray.  In my article in Prophe-Zine #19, I
mentioned that Jonathan Gray has done several presentations of Ron Wyatt's
material throughout Europe, New Zealand, and Australia.  This man has gone
scuba diving at the crossing site, and he too reports that he has seen the
evidence of the coral-covered chariot parts.

One of the most amazing pictures we have in our Museum is a photograph that
was taken at approximately 60 feet underwater of a coral-covered human
skeleton! The picture was actually taken because there was a very pretty
fish swimming there on the sea floor, and the skeleton wasn't discovered
until after the film was developed -- but it very clearly shows the rib
cage, right hand, and the skull of a person who was drowned in the Red Sea!
It is an incredible picture!

THE DISCOVERY OF THE REAL MT. SINAI

When Ron found the chariot parts in the Gulf of Aqaba he knew that Mt.
Sinai was in Saudi Arabia.  And interestingly enough there is even a Bible
verse that TELLS us that this is where Mt. Sinai is!  Galatians 4:25 says,
"For this Agar is Mount Sinai IN ARABIA"!

Deuteronomy 1:6 says that the Hebrews stayed "in" a mountain when they
stayed at Mt. Sinai, so this indicated to Ron that he should look on the
map for a curved-shaped mountain range, one that would provide the 2-3
million people protection within its borders.  And Jebel el Lawz was the
perfect candidate!  On the map, Jebel el Lawz was the highest peak in the
entire NW Saudi Arabian region, and it is part of a curved ridge of
mountains that has a large valley at its base.

After 4 1/2 years of repeated attempts to apply for a visa to visit the
area, Ron decided that it was going to be necessary to attempt to enter the
country without a visa.  He made inquires and was told that if anyone was
found in Saudi Arabia without a visa, they were simply escorted to the
border and made sure that they left the country.  He weighed his
information and decided it was certainly worth the risk.

On January 24, 1984, Ron and his 2 sons arrived in Jordan.  They had
applied and received a Jordanian visa prior to leaving the U.S.  They
toured Jordan a bitand then parked their rental car near the border and
walked into Saudi undetected.  Hitchhiking and hiring taxis and small
trucks, they arrived near Jebel el Lawz  --  and the sight was awesome! THE
ENTIRE TOP OF THE MOUNTAIN WAS BLACKENED AS IF CHARRED BY SOME TREMENDOUS
HEAT!   Ron recalled Exodus 19:18,  "And Mount Sinai was altogether on a
smoke, because the LORD descended upon it in FIRE; and the smoke thereof
ascended as the smoke of a furnace, and the whole mount quaked greatly."
There is no doubt that this is the mountain that the LORD stood upon!   The
pictures we have of it are absolutely stunning!

Attempting to leave the country, things did not go so well -- Ron and his 2
sons were abruptly arrested at the Saudi border and taken to a jail in
Hagl.  They were imprisoned for 78 days!  When they were released they
found out that their confiscated film would NOT be returned to them, and
they found out "why" they had been arrested.  It seems that a man with whom
Ron had worked on Noah's Ark had called up the Saudi Embassy and reported
that Ron and his sons were actually Israeli spies!  The Saudis told Ron the
man's name when they were released. Once the Saudis discovered that Ron and
the boys were *not* spies, they were very angry at the false accusation,
realizing that this could have led to serious political consequences had
they executed them.  Before Ron had left on this trip, he had told 2 men
that he was going into Saudi Arabia looking for Mt. Sinai  --  one was Col.
Jim Irwin (who helped to get Ron and the boys released), and the other was
the man who called and tried to get them killed.  What happened to this
man?  I saw him in 1988.  He had had 5 strokes.  And he died last year, a
bitter, vindictive man who swore and cursed at Ron over the phone in their
last conversation just months before he passed away!  (Sometimes the Lord
plays hardball.)   Ron's and his sons' release from the Saudi jail was
reported on CBS's "Morning News" on April 17, 1984.  Footage of this
interview is on our video.   This news program is very important, because
it PROVES when Ron first went to find Mt. Sinai.

Unfortunately, there are other men who are trying to discredit Ron and say
that "they" actually found Mt. Sinai.  (NOTE: This material was originally
included in this article, but I asked Jim if it could be edited out. I did
not find it editfying to the Body...Eph 4:3. If you wish to hear the
details of this, please write to Jim via private E-mail and he has agreed
to send you the information.)

In 1985 Ron was invited back to Saudi Arabia by a Saudi prince who was
interested in seeing if Ron had really located Mt. Sinai.  This is where
David Fasold enters the picture.  David Fasold was in the process of making
his first trip with Ron out to see the Noah's Ark site (at Ron's request),
and David Fasold also managed to come along on this trip to inspect Mt.
Sinai.  Arriving at the site, the men saw all the evidences.  Not only was
the top of the mountain peak burned black, but the golden calf altar is
still there, with Egyptian-style petroglyphs of cows and bulls painted on
those rocks!  They also saw the remains of some of the buried 18 foot
diameter columns erected 5 feet apart that were to keep the people out of
the Holy Precinct area.

Ron was congratulated for making the discovery, but the Saudis again
CONFISCATED all of his pictures and video.  They said that his pictures
would be returned to him at a later date when he could come back to
excavate.  But it seems that they later changed their minds, and instead
decided to "squelch" the discovery. Ron has not been able to go back there,
and the Saudis put a chainlink fence around the area and posted a guard
shack and a warning sign telling people that this area is "Off Limits" by
order of royal decree.

THE ROCK AT HOREB

We have also located the giant rock at Horeb, the rock that Moses struck
with the staff!  When Ron was there in personin 1984 and 1985, he says
that he did not see this certain rock at that time -- only when he received
the did he see it!  This giant boulder is on the Rephidim side of Mt.
Sinai, exactly where the Bible says it should be!   This upright boulder is
absolutely HUGE, it's at least 5 stories tall, and it is sitting atop a
rocky hilltop that itself is at least another 8 stories in height  -- and
this boulder has a vertical split running right down the middle of it!  And
on both sides of the split boulder there is evidence of obvious water
erosion, as ALL of the rocks around base of this boulder are worn totally
smooth from water that once flowed from this rock!  The pictures of this
rock at Horeb are truly stunning.  See it on our Web Page!

The final bit of news that we have about the Mt. Sinai site is something
that has not been fully documented.  It seems that about a year ago the
Israelis discovered a lot of activity going on around Jebel el Lawz and
thought it was military activity.  Now they want to be involved.  David
Fasold gave a Jewish writer (who may have worked for the New York Times) a
copy of Ron's video footage and Ron's newsletter material, and the man is
in the process of writing a book about all of it for a major publisher like
Simon and Shuster.  Again, this information is not solid.  It may or may
not be something that is in the process of happening.

CONCLUSION

The **real** Mt. Sinai has finally been discovered!   And the true Red Sea
crossing site!  And both of these things were discovered by Ron Wyatt.   I
invite everyone to see our Web Page and view this material -- it is truly
awesome!  And if anyone would like to order Ron Wyatt's "Presentation of
Discoveries Video" or his 133-page "Discoveries Volume" newsletter set,
please feel free to contact me at 74532,737@compuserve.com     The address
for our Exodus Web Page is  http://fountain.crystalpt.com/war/exodus

**************

The Origin & Results Of The New Age
By: Raymond  Clarke
jodyc@python.viper.net (Raymond Clarke)

Exactly what is the "New Age"?  My own personal definition of the New Age
is  that it is a satanic conspiracy whose purpose is to develop a one world
government with the expressed purpose of bringing the Anti-christ to power.
You will recall back near the beginning of time the story of Nimrod and
the  Tower of Babel.  God looked down and saw an evil world beginning to
take  form and realized that the people, unified with evil intent,  could
do whatever evil came to mind and He came down and confused the language in
order to divide the "one world " into many different tongues and nations.
The world has remained a world of many nations for
some six thousand years  but today we see that this same evil is once again
on the move and rapidly  becoming that "One World Government" over which
the Anti-christ shall  indeed rule during the last seven years of the
period of time known as the  "Tribulation"  This is an anti-God move which
is bent upon reorganizing the  world under one government which is
diametrically opposed to what God did in  the beginning of time when He
separated the people into many different  tongues and nations, therefore, I
submit to you that this a satanic  conspiracy in the first degree.

        The New Age can,  however, be traced back even into eternity past
when  Lucifer rebelled against God and declared that he would become like
God.   Satan has never given up on his plan through the ages and has,
throughout  the history of man,  orchestrated  his plan which will come
into full  fruition during the Tribulation. Satan and his demonic hordes
have carefully  laid plans throughout the history of man which has even
today brought the  world to a point in time that he will make his final
push for total control  just before God takes him down.  Even today it
appears that he is winning  the battle for the heart and soul of mankind.
He has carefully worked to  organize many  religions  in an effort to make
it appear that Christianity  is  just another  of many world religions.  He
has cultivated an elite group  of menthroughout history who are considered
the great thinkers of the day who  have  deceived the world and through
their "great intellect" and mankind, in rebellion against God, has bought
into their lies in the name of intellectualism.   These men have ranged
from those who openly declare that there is no God to those who  profess
that there may be a God but in this  day of enlightenment they really have
no need for Him.  Since this kind of  rhetoric is coming from the
intellectual elite, primarily the think tanks  and universities around the
world  Satan has managed to get the world to  believe that the Christian is
the poor, dumb lack luster, intellectually deficient, narrow minded, Bible
thumping, ignorant, soul whose only purpose  in life is to hold back
progress.

        In the name of science, (intellectualism) Charles Darwin put forth
his  ideas on  evolution and the world, without one bit of scientific
evidence, bought into this theory and almost over night  the "scientific
method" was trashed as the scholars of the nation and around the world
declared evolution fact.  The schools around the world have promoted this
theory as fact.  Charles Darwin realized that evolution was un proven and
denounced it but Satan had his explanation for the origin of man before the
world and there was no stopping it.  No one has done more to promote
evolution than  the public schools of America and it is a lie out of the
pit of hell,  therefore, I , as a professional educator, have declared that
the public schools of this  nation are indeed nothing more than a tool of
Satan  designed to win the heart and soul of our children.  In recent years
we have  become so concerned about the New Age while evolution is the real
culprit and we have just about accepted it along with the rest of the
world.

        As though this were not enough out of the great emphasis on
evolution came  yet another anti-godly philoosophy known as humanism whic
openly declared  that there is no God.  Even if one could refute my
contention that the schools of this nation are teaching evolution as fact,
no one can deny that  our public schools are  filled with the humanist
influence.  Your children and mine are being taught in the public schools
every day that there is no God.  They may not come right and say or even
proclaim that but humanism is an anti-godly philosophy.  Once the creation
was trashed by evolution then man became the ultimate being answerable only
unto himself.  Out of this thinking came the corruption of the morals of
this nation as situational ethics became the order of the day in the public
schools across America promoted largely by John Dewey, author of the first
Humanist Manifesto , and  also known as the "father of progressive
education".  There were many other  intellectuals who helped to promote the
humanist movement but I can't give "credit" to all who deserve it. However,
I do  not want to leave out one organization which has pushed the humanist
agenda as strongly as any I know  and that is the National Education
Association and its local affiliates of which I must admit that I was a
member but I was a member that fought them  on most issues no matter that I
was fighting a losing battle.  I believe this strongly enough that I now
proclaim  that public education has lost its  right to educate the youth of
our  nation and if we as parents do not  reclaim that right we will see
many of our children in hell.  Sorry but we  no longer have time to be
polite to these intellectual snobs and/or  institutions whether it is the
classroom teacher, the school administrators,  the NEA or the great
"thinkers" of the day if they are promoting the  humanist agenda they are
promoting an anti-Godly philosophy.

       The next logical step from evolution to  humanism is from humanism
to  the New Age which is a conspiracy orchestrated by none other than Satan
himself.  The new age has been  nurtured  and carefully cultivated all
these many years in the eastern religions and  was designed for the sole
purpose  of bringing the Anti-christ to the throne and we are even now well
into that  phase of the operation.  Wake up America!  Wake up Church!  Wake
up parents!  Patrick Buchanan is one of the few politicians who  has tried
to bring this message to America and America is falling into yet another
trap set by Satan as they come to accept the world wide assault upon
Buchanan as an extremist.   Alan Keys made a gallant effort to deliver a
similar message along with a few others but most Americans paid no
attention.

          Now there will be some who may be offended that I brought
politics into  the discussion for in all probability they believe in
separation of Church  and State.  I ask   only one question.  What are you
going to do when Jesus  Christ becomes "King of Kings and Lord of Lords"
and the government is upon  his shoulders.  Do you believe that He is going
to separate the two?  Hardly!

     Perhaps I am beginning to sound a little radical myself but it is time
for someone to speak out and sound the alarm!   I  recognize that  a part
of  the "Body of Christ" is awake and alert but I fear that many are
completely "in the dark" and consider only economic issues to be important.
We  certainly heard that during the last presidential election. God's word
clearly teaches "...Seek ye first the Kingdom of God and all of these
things will be added unto you..."  It is time to move with all speed to
declare God's Word  for therein is our only hope but it is the only hope we
need!

        Indeed the "New Age Movement" is undeniably a Satanic Conspiracy
designed to  capture the heart, soul and mind of our children. Make no
mistake about it  many of  those well intentioned educators do not have a
clue as to what the problem is all about.  Do not ever believe this newage
influence is not even  now prevalent in the schools across this nation and
around the world.  It is  constantly in front of our children each Saturday
morning in the form of  cartoons being beamed into our living rooms via way
of TV.   It is gradually  creeping into our textbooks ever so subtly.  It
is being promoted by almost  every segment of our society many of which do
not even recognize what is  happening.  The Federal Government is either
knowingly or unknowingly  promoting the "New World Order" as this nation
surrenders its sovereignty to  world organizations.

        Under the guise of  anti-terrorist legislation, hate laws,
environmental  laws etc.  the US Constitution is being gutted and, given
the right time and  situation, do  not ever believe that these laws will
not be turned and used against law abiding  citizens and against Christians
in particularly.  I  believe strongly that it is a  matter of time before
Christians will literally be persecuted in this nation.  Even now they are
being ridiculed,  maligned and portrayed as right wing extremist and this
is but a prelude to  the coming persecution.  It is a sad state of affair
to see  our government  moving headlong into the hands of none other than
Satan himself .

        Terrorism is indeed despicable and no Christian will have any part
of it  but we have experienced very few major terrorist acts in this
nation's entire history, therefore,  do we want to so quickly lay aside the
Constitution and destroy the God given rights of millions of US citizens
under the guise of combating terrorism?  I think not!  I submit to you that
there is a far greater sinister force at work behind the scene and that
which we see happening in this nation today is not to combat terrorism but
to move this nation methodically toward acceptance of a "One World
Government".  Even the strong emphasis on crime  has always been a
politically popular issue but sadly today I fear that it has become a front
to move this great nation to a point whereby it is willing to sacrifice its
freedoms to gain a little security and once legislated away we will never
regain the freedoms we lose.   I fear the trashing of the Constitution much
more than I fear crime as hideous as crime may be. No legislation is going
to solve the crime problem for crime is but a symptom of the decayingmorals
of this nation , yet all the politicians want to get on the band wagon of
being tough on crime.  Think about it.  How long have we been hearing about
how tough various politicians will be on crime and it  has only grown
worse?   It has gotten to the point that I am turned off when any
politician starts  talking about how tough they are going to be on crime
when they need to be talking about the decaying morals of this nation.  All
of these problems are  paving the way toward the one world government.
Just remember one thing.  Every time we protect the rights of a criminal we
are protecting our own rights and once the criminal loses his rights every
American has lost their rights.  My brother was a young, twenty-five year
old police officer who was slain while in the line of duty.  If anyone has
any reason to hate crime I do but God forbid that his killer be denied his
constitutional right because that would only deny every American his
rights.

         My fellow Americans, we had better wake up before we find
ourselves so locked into this "world system" that therewill be no turning
back.  We may well have passed that point of no return even now.  If you do
not believe this now just give it a few more years or perhaps months and
you will suddenly wake up and realiize that indeed the "one worl
government" is upon us and the wonderful freedoms we have long enjoyed in
this nation are a thing of the past.   We will suddenly realize that the
rights we denied the criminal will be denied to each of us.

        I sense  in my spirit that a gradual darkness is even now
enveloping this nation and there seems so little that we can do about it
and perhaps we can't for Bible prophecy indeed tells us that such a time is
coming in this world.  There is even now only one recourse for us and that
is to get into God's word and stand as we have never before stood upon that
word and know that we have an unbreakable covenant with Jesus Christ as
surety.  There is hope but only in God's word!  It will be found in no
other place for indeed the "spirit of the Anti-christ" is even now
engulfing the world and no one can stand against it save those who know who
they are in Jesus Christ and will stand unmoved upon God's Holy Word.

        May God have mercy on this nation!  If you doubt that this is
happening just take a look at your child's textbooks especially in the area
of social studies.  Through our social studies courses, the classrooms of
this nation are promoting globalism and de-emphasizing patriotism or
nationalism.   This nation is surrendering its national sovereignty to
world organizations. We are being hit on every front through many different
organizations.  The overwhelming majority of the environmental groups are
straight out of the pages of the New Age Movement, although there is
nothing inherently wrong with concern for the environment.  "Animal rights"
is another code word to watch for in  the New Age Movement, although no one
believes that we should mistreat animal life.  There is something wrong
when we spend millions of dollars to protect the "snail darter or the
spotted owl" but continue to brutally butcher innocent babes through the
abortion mills of this nation.  Where are our priorities?  Our children are
being taught to protect " Mother Earth" and you can rest assured that
whether the advocates of such "stupidity" know it or not this is purely
"newage" rhetoric.Until then may God bless you and keep you even in the
midst of the brewing storm!

Submitted By
Raymond Clarke
1609 Lakeview Drive NW
Cullman, AL 35055

**************

Prophe-Zine's News Bites

Prophetic News in UK
By: Trevor Thirsk
trevor@rcs.u-net.com

Re Prophetic News.

In the UK we have the Mondex trials in Swindon, this is a smart card which
is going on for Approx 18 months now.  The adoption by retailers has been
slow but most larger outlets and store chains in the area now accept the
card but there isn't a great deal in the news about this at present.  My
opinion re this type of card that a really big player will push this
forward ie Visa as they will have the info structure and backup to
implement the new technology, Mondex is backed by Banks and some big
corporations but in essence they are a startup company and have a long way
to go to catch up the major credit card organizations.

After writing the above this morning I read the following article in
Computer Weekly and so I have included it for your information:-

BANKS BUY INTO A CASHLESS SOCIETY.

"The battle to control the pockets of a future cashless society stepped up
a gear last week as 17 banks around the world bought into the Mondex
electronic purse experiment at a cost of 76.5m. NatWest Bank, which has
footed the bill for most of the development of the  stored value payment
card being trialled in Swindon, UK, hopes eventually to  raise 100m from
selling shares in the new company, Mondex International. NatWest held bac
23.5% of the shares for sale to future franchise holders. Stored value
cards contain chips which users can load with digital cash. The  Swindon
trial shows they are popular for small cash transactions such as  buying
newspapers, bus and parking tickets because users can simply swipe  and go.
There is no fiddling with cash, or signature and no waiting for
authorization from a bank. The new Mondex consortium is backed by
Australian and New Zealand banks as  well as US based Wells Fargo. Other
global payment organizations are already testing versions of stored  value
card. Europay Mastercard and Visa, which created the EMV specification last
year to set a global standard for cards so retailers need just one
terminal, updated it last week with the launch of EMV '96."

NB Isn't it interesting how only the good points of the new system ie
quick,  easy, no fiddling are only mentioned, what about the fact that all
your  purchases can be traced and checked and that your bank account can be
controlled electronically. Also the major downside to this system is that
the card can be lost or broken or the memory erased. This will bring about
the mark of the beast where by all will have to have a mark, this will be
voluntary at first heralded as overcoming the short falls of cards but will
then become compulsory (Rev. 13:16-18).

One point of interest is that at the moment there is great talk and debate
about Britain joining the EMU (European Monetary Union), and also whether
or  not we should be in the European Union or not.  The plan is for the
first  stage of monetary union by 1999, this will involve the major
countries,  Germany, France, Belgium and UK? possibly others.

Some politicians are saying we must keep are options open and others have
realized what the EU and EMU (great acronyms) will mean to our country,
that  is the loss of Sovereignty and government to a Federal European
government.  We are already feeling the effects of being in the EU as for
example a  current issue with fishing rights in UK waters.  The situation
is alot more  detailed than I can go into here but the basic story goes
that UK fishing  trawlers are restricted as to what they can catch in the
waters of the north  sea, however Spanish fishers can come along and take
what they like and are  no returning smaller and younger fish to the sea
therefore reducing the fish  stocks.  And guess what, there is not alot
that we can do about it and  meanwhile people and families who have fished
these waters for generations  are out of work and because of limited
catches are unable to earn a living  and repair their boats and slowly but
surely the industry is declining.  I  must point out that I am not one of
those families but just reporting the  situation to you, this is one
instance where we no longer are able to govern  our own land and waters
that immediately surround us.

We are due a general election before May 1997, are system works differently
in that a maximum five year period of government is allowed by one party
and  the governing party can call the next election at anytime during their
government and the time is up in May 1997, so the EU and EMU situation is a
major political talking point at the moment in fact a minister resign from
his post this week stating that he wishes to concentrate his efforts on
fighting for us not to join EMU because of the transfer of sovereignty.

As has been reported in various articles in Prophe-Zine In the last days
the  Anti-Christ will reign over the revived Roman empire ie Europe (the
original  European union treaty which was signed by Britain was called "The
Treaty of  Rome"). So will we be in Europe or not if we are then we will be
under great  pressures regarding many things but mainly economics and
spiritually,  however if we decide to come out of Europe we will have
greater spiritual  and religious freedom, IMHO.

See you soon.

Trevor.

++++++++++++++++
The Temple Institute
From: http://www.iahushua.com/temple.htm

The following Information retrieved from:  SHOMRON NEWS SERVICE

SNS News Service "The Temple Institute" January 26, 1996..5 Shvat
5756..Number 890..Update from Israel

This Supplemental Update is a translation of an article which appeared in
the "Today" section of Ma'ariv Newspaper on January 21, 1996.

The Temple Institute (Machon HaMikdash) in the Jewish Quarter of
Jerusalem's Old City has been involved in the research and restoration of
the vessels of the Holy Temple for many years. The garments worn by the
priests who served and the musical instruments they played are among the
items that are being restored. This is the only institution in Israel today
that is involved in this project only. Asthe institute policy states, "to
prepare the groundwork for the building of the Third Temple."

In the eyes of Minister of Education (Meretz) Professor Amnon Rubenstein,
who relies on a report prepared by the General Security Service (GSS), the
institute is problematic, even dangerous. Dangerous to the point that the
Minister is doing his utmost not to cooperate with the institute and is
planning to cut off the NIS 40,000 that is received annually by the
institute from the State budget.

According to Rubenstein, the publications of the institute and its leaders
preach racism, call for breaking the law, and in actuality, promote violent
acts and possibly terrorism. The persons involved in the Temple Institute
state that they deny allegations of their breaking the law. They go on to
attack Professor Rubenstein, stating that he is violating their basic
rights of free speech and is working towards smearing the institute's good
name.

The disagreement has reached the Israel Supreme Court. The petition was
brought by the Temple Institute against Minister Rubenstein.

Rabbi Ariel's eulogy for Dr. Baruch Goldstein brought about the explosion.
Last week, Professor Rubenstein presented the High Court with evidence that
was given to him by the GSS and is classified as "privileged information"
concerning the institute's leaders, Rabbi Yisrael Ariel and Rabbi Mordechai
Karpel.

Rubenstein: "Based on the information received from the GSS, I am more
certain in my belief and therefore carried out a thorough investigation
which revealed thorough complete and definitive results - government
funding should not be allocated to the Temple Institute. I am convinced of
the information that was gathered regarding the institute's heads that
painted a negative security profile."

The information presented to the High Court makes a connection between the
institute's leadership and an old plan that was connected to [members of]
the Jewish Underground. "To cleanse the Temple Mount and to blow up the
Dome of the Rock." There is also a connection to the "extremist" group Chai
Vekaiyam,whose members have engaged in illegal attempts to pray on the
Temple Mountand have been involved in skirmishes with police. The
privileged information isso extremely sensitive that it received the
signature of Prime Minister /Defense Minister Peres ordering it to remain
hidden by the High Court in order to not reveal its source and those
informants that assisted the GSS in building the case.

The Minister of Education did not keep this information to himself. He
shared it with the Ministers of Tourism and Religious Affairs. They too allo
cate funding from their respective budgets to the institute.

"From the discussion that I had with the two Ministers regarding the
institute, even though they did not see all the privileged material that
tied the leaders to the Jewish Underground, they too decided to freeze
financial aid for the time being" added Rubenstein. We are dealing with a
sum in the area of NIS 100,000. IT is no secret that the institute is also
suffering from financial difficulties. The leaders admit to this publicly.

"Identifying with the mass killing which was based on racism"

It appears to me that the difference of opinions between the parties
involved stemmed from the eulogy delivered for the late Dr. Baruch
Goldstein. The eulogywas delivered by Rabbi Yisrael Ariel. In his eulogy,
among other statements made, Rabbi Ariel called Dr. Goldstein, "a holy
martyr" who is sitting above with the righteous of our nation. According to
the state's version, Rabbi Ariel stated:"Baruch Goldstein will be an
advocate for us in the heavens. This was not the act of a single man
(referring to the killing of 29 Arabs in the Maarat Hamachpelah {cave of
the Patriarchs} in Hevron). He heard the shouts from the earth and did what
he had to reduce this cry. The cries were not put to rest by peace accords
- but rather by bloodshed."

The Education Minister explained to the High Court: "With his statements,
he (Rabbi Ariel) in essence, identifies with the actions of Baruch
Goldstein. It is doubtful if money from the state treasury can be allocated
to organizations whose leaders are of the views, and conduct themselves in
such a way that is contrary to the acceptable moral standards of the state
and the goals of the national education."

Rubenstein added that the institute published an article entitled Tzivia,
which includes in it articles that would be classified as insightful and
advocate racism. Actually, the writings support violent acts and terrorism.
The authors who contributed to the written work were among the founders of
the institute. Some of the names mentioned were; Rabbi Yisrael Ariel, Rabbi
Dov Leor (Chief Rabbi ofKiryat Arba), Rabbi Moshe Asher, and past members
of the Jewish Underground. Some of the statements made in the publication,
according to the Minister, imply that the authors align themselves with the
outlawed Kach Party. In the past, Rabbi Ariel held the number two position
on the Kach list for the Knesset.

"Must the Ministry of Education and Culture sponsor the distribution of
literature which supports the past members of the Jewish Underground which
stated their intentions of blowing up the Dome of the Rock (Al-Aksa
Mosque)? Is there a connection with this and the institute's goal of
erecting the Third Temple? Should the Ministry of Education fund a
publication that speaks of 'removing Christians from the land and doing
away with the democratic system' and decides that in the war between us and
the Arabs it is permissible to cause their death even if they do not
endanger us?," the Minister asked the High Court.

They published cries to kill gentiles and drive them out of the land

According to the Minister, articles that appeared in the first three
publications of the institute, include identifying with the actions of the
Jewish Underground and their just actions. "The attack against [Arab]
mayors and the Islamic College as well as the bombs are acts that should
enlist a public outcry." In the publications of the institute they speak of
cries to kill gentiles and drive them out of the land, and to break the law
if it violates Torah Law (Jewish Law).

Minister Rubenstein to the High Court: "I have been unable to separate the
institute's mission to speedily rebuild the Temple and the support given to
the violent acts and praise for acts such as the calling for the blowing up
of the Dome of the Rock. These are ideals that coincide with those of the
late Rabbi Meir Kahane."

Now with this new information provided by the GSS, the Minister informed
the High Court that his position is strengthened.

The GSS Non-Arab Investigations Unit Head called "Ehud" stated that for a
long period, Rabbi Ariel served as Rabbis Kahane's "right hand." He called
for IDF soldiers to refuse orders to evict Jews from Yamit (Sinai). He
supported violent acts against Arabs. The GSS has acquired information
painting a negative security profile regarding Ariel's activities.

The GSS also warned that the General Director of the institute, Rabbi
Mordechai Karpel, was among the leaders of Chai Vekaiyam until recently.
Chai Vekaiyam is headed by Yehuda Etzion (of the Jewish Underground). In
Rubenstein's own words, "Chai Vekaiyam is an organization that denies the
legitimacy of the government and calls for a revolution by provocative
actions on the Temple Mount. A restraining order has been issued to Karpel
prohibiting his going up tothe Mount for a period of six months.

"We are investigating the Chilazon and the Red Heifer. "

According to the case presented by attorney Moshe Drori, who represents the
institute in the case brought before the High Court, the picture is
entirely different from the facts presented by Professor Rubenstein.

They describe the institute's activities as investigation into the Temple's
role from a Halachic (Jewish Law), historical, and archeological
perspective.

"Our studies have received international recognition. Representatives from
universities around the world come to meet with us. To date, we have
received some 300,000 visitors. Approximately 50% of them students. In
1994, 34 students participated in our activities and not one of them spoke
of the so-called anti-democratic views."

In their words they continue their research into the priestly garments, the
Techelet (blue dye taken from the Chilazon {species of shell fish} used in
religious practice) and the Red Heifer.

Actually, points out Drori, the allegations against Rabbi Ariel have not
been proven. Even if he did say what he has been alleged to have said, he
spoke in thecapacity of a private individual and therefore it is not
relevant for the High Court. Drori added that the statements were made in
accordance with free speech which make provisions for "dangerous points of
view." For his calling Dr. Goldstein "Holy", there are provisions in Jewish
law which state anyone dying because of being Jewish is termed "Holy", and
this was the case with Dr. Goldstein.

Drrori adds that they do not violate Israeli law but stress the important
role and necessity of the Temple. "Can the State withhold funding from an
institution because the so-called ideals of its leader may contradict the
what are being called the democratic and Jewish values of the State? Would
we deny funding to a museum whose director advocates transfer?" stated
Drori.

In a Supreme Court hearing last week, the High Court granted Drori an
extension to prepare additional evidence which relates to Professor
Rubenstein's recent statements. Once this evidence is presented, the
Justices will review the "privileged evidence" presented by the GSS and
reach their decision regarding the State's withholding funding to the
Temple Institute.
                                               ****
  SHOMRON NEWS SERVICE is an independent news service reporting on the
events surrounding the Middle East peace  process. SNS is not affiliated
with any political party or governmental agency. Archival Web Site:
http://www.hyperscribe.com/run/scribe/scribe29 To subscribe to SNS, please
e-mail:  shomronnews-request@lists.dircon.co.uk with the message:
subscribeFor questions and all other information, please e-mail:
sns@borealis.com
 27 Heathway Court *
London England * NW3 7TS *
44-181-458-6510 Fax: 44-181-455-8701
Copyright, Shomron News Service, 1996

++++++++++++++++

ORWELLIAN EDUCATION
As Reported by:
William Jasper
The New American
July 22, 1996

     Last October, the House passed overwhelmingly the Careers Act (H.R.
1617) while the senate companion bill, the Work force Development Act (S.
143), sailed through with remarkable bipartisan support. Final passage of
the landmark legislation was expected to come before Thanksgiving.

     A disturbing phenomenon arose to upset the celebration. As one leading
House Republican noted, "A grassroots rebellion is taking place around the
nation" in response to the proposed new laws.

     Representative Henry Hyde has taken lead in the fight against this
school-to-work legislation, "I'll tell you why it is so important to repeal
these laws," said Hyde: "The plan for Goals 2000 was developed by Bill
Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Ira Magaziner, and Marc Tucker, president of the
National Center on Education and the Economy (funded by the Carnegie
Foundation), prior to Clinton's election. It is a concept for dumbing-down
our schools and changing the character of the nation through behavior
modification (a vital part of this plan). It moves away from an
academically intensive curriculum to one that is integrated with vocational
training, producing skilled manpower for the labor market. The economy will
be controlled by the federal government by controlling our work force and
our schools."

     Moreover, Hyde noted that this dictation of career paths by Big
Brother would apply not only to tiny tots, but to adults as well. Under a
national school-to-work system, siblings who have already graduated will be
forced to return for vocational training and behavioral modification.
Adults who want to change jobs or who involuntarily lose their jobs will
also be required to enter retraining through adult education and vocational
classes in order to qualify for work certificates for future employment.

     But the work force fascists have even grander usurpations in mind --
like assuming the power to decide what the state's "resources" shall live.
Hyde noted. "statewide Work force Development Boards have formed to study
which labor skills are needed in each state to determine 'human resources'
training requirements. Of course, this will decide also where these human
resources will reside. They will have to live where the 'state' chooses,
according to what skills the 'state' has chosen for them to learn."

     Further invasive intrusions into our lives are aimed at ultimately
stripping away all privacy. Hyde warned, "national electronic information
will be gathered on all students and adults who receive educational and
vocational benefits. The information will be disseminated to one-stop
career centers and follow them through their working careers (life-long
learning)."

William Jasper
The New American
July 22, 1996

++++++++++++++++

NORTHWEST BIOREGION UNDER CONSTRUCTION

     Under the Wildlands scheme, the basic unit of governance would be the
"bioregion" which would be presided over by a "Bioregional Council"
composed of environmental activists. Each of the bioregions would be under
the immediate authority of the UN's Trusteeship Council. The May/June issue
of _Ecologic_, the journal of the free-market Environmental Conservation
Organization, reports that such a bioregion may be under construction in
the Northwest: "Cascadia," an area encompassing Oregon, Washington, Idaho,
Montana, Alaska, and the Canadian provinces of Alberta and British
Colombia.

    The Cascadia concept is a project of Seattle's Discovery Institute.
Alan Bluechel, president of the North West Economic Region (NWER),
describes Cascadia as "our regional version of the European Economic
Region." The NWER, which is making ambitious plans for joint economic
development and planning, is underwritten by the seven states and
provinces, as well as by a federal grant.

    Significantly, many of the major corporate and political players are
deeply involved in Wildlands-related initiatives, and Cascadia would fit
nicely into a map prepared by the Sierra Club which divides North America
into 21 bioregions.

The New American
July 22, 1996

++++++++++++++++

RENEWING THE OSLO 2 PROCESS:

PM Netanyahu will send Palestinian Authority (PA) Chairman Yasser Arafat a
"staged plan" to continue negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians.
The Jerusalem Post reports that Netanyahu informed the cabinet on Tuesday
that he has authorized FM Levy to meet with Arafat, and sources said the
meeting willtake place next week. The plan -- which was first presented to
US President Clinton last week -- details Israel's demands of Arafat, and
lays out a time schedule for moving forward on outstanding problems between
the two sides.  During the first stage, Israel will demand that Arafat
immediately close all PA institutions in Jerusalem. The PA will also be
requested to ensure that activity against terrorism is a continuing policy,
not only a tactical decision. One of Israel's top demands will also be that
the release of Hamas and Islamic Jihad activists from Palestinian jails be
halted. During the second stage, after violations have stopped,Israel will
raise the level of contacts with Arafat, ease the closure, and support
international aid to the PA. In the third stage, discussions on the Israel
Defense Force's (IDF) redeployment in Hevron will be opened. After the
Hevron issue is solved, additional redeployments in Judea and Samaria will
be discussed in keeping with the Interim Agreement. When the remaining
problems with the Interim Agreement are resolved, final status negotiations
will be renewed.

     Meanwhile, Netanyahu, in Cairo Thursday for a meeting with Egyptian
President Hosni Mubarak, said Israel is committed to peace agreements and
will honor existing accords, Kol Yisrael reported. Speaking at a joint
press conference, Mubarak said negotiations between Israel and Syria, and
between Israel and Lebanon must be renewed immediately. Mubarak said Syrian
President Assad has said he is indeed pursuing peace (piece?). Netanyahu
and Mubarak emphasized that the atmosphere at the meeting was positive.
(Israel Line)

+++++++++++++++++

TISHA B'AV ON THE TEMPLE MOUNT:

On July 25, is Tisha B'Av on the Hebrew calendar. The day is one of
mourning for the destruction of the First and Second Temples. It is a day
when the Book of Eicha (Lamentations) is recited by Jews worldwide. The
Temple Mount And Land Of Israel Faithful Movement makes an attempt to
recite their prayers on the Temple Mount in Jerusalem's Old City. This has
become an annual effort. To date, despite Supreme Court rulings supporting
their efforts, it has never been accomplished. Despite several Supreme
Court rulings over the years, permitting Jewish prayer on the Mount,
Jerusalem District police officials have always utilized a clause
permitting the overriding of the High Court ruling. Due to what they call,
the provocative nature of a Jewish prayer service on the Mount, which
police state will cause a violent Moslem response, Jews are forbidden to
pray on the Holy site. This year, members of the Temple Mount Faithful and
their supporters are more optimistic. PM Netanyahu has stated his position,
one that supports the Jewish right of free worship, including on the Mount.
The Temple Mount Faithful have issued a public statement, calling on PM
Netanyahu to make good on his pre-election promise, to permit Jews to pray
on the Mount. The announcement states: "The prayer, secured by police & IDF
forces, will take place on Tisha B'Av, next Thursday at 9 am. Meeting at
the Western Wall, next to the Mugrabi Gate (Western Gate of the Temple
Mount). This should be the first step to free Har Ha'Baiyit (Temple Mount)
of its foreign occupation and establishing the Third Temple."      The
following is a a review and analysis of the legal parameters, as well as
the public policy concerning the Temple Mount, as regards entry and prayer
by Yisrael Medad.

     "Despite the Law for the Protection of the Holy Places, 1967, and its
clauses assuring freedom of access to and worship within each religion's
holy sites, despite their reconfirmation in the Basic Law: Jerusalem, 1980,
and despite the recognition of those rights, in principle, by Israel's High
Court of Justice, in practice the Israeli police consistently refuse to
permit any form of  Jewish prayer in the confines of the Temple Mount
compound. In addition, any outward appearance of religiosity such as Tallit
(Prayer Shawl) fringes hanging out, a Prayer Book or other religious tome
or any ritual object such as Tefillin (Phylacteries), Lulav (palm branch)
or the like are banned. In essence, a Jew may enter his Most Sacred Site
but may not do so in a way that would be Jewish.      Some two dozen
petitions have been heard by the High Court of Justice in the past 28
years. Throughout them all, the main thread is less a formalistic argument
than an agreement by the justices, that in the matter of theTemple Mount,
there is an overriding principle of "sensitivity". The "principle of
sensitivity" dictates that because Moslems view the Temple Mount Courtyard
as their exclusive domain and will engage in violent acts to counter any
display of Jewishness, then it is in the interests of public order to
prevent a Jew from exercising his legal rights. The presence of a Jew, as a
Jew and not as a "tourist" or "visitor", is a provocation. As Professor
Itzhak Englard has written: "In substance, the prohibition of public prayer
is a violation of the principles of collective freedom of religion" (Amer.
Journal of Comparative Law, 35:1987, p. 198).

     Jurists and legal experts from the West and especially the United
States will readily realize, that based on such a principle, the Civil
Rights movement would never had made any gains, not to speak of gay rights
and a plethora of social, religious and ethnic issues.      In one
instance, in 1994, the Justices ordered the police to insure the entry of
Jews (H.C.J. 3995/94) but nevertheless gave the police a free hand to
cancel their order if public order needed to be preserved. Needless to say,
with 300 angry Moslems led by the Deputy Mufti gathered inside the main
entrance of the compound, the Jews assembled outside were denied entry. The
point should be stressed that it is not the wish of Jews to pray inside any
Moslem building. In this regard, though, it is worth drawing attention to
the fact, that such an arrangement already does exist in Hevron, where Jews
and Moslems pray under the same roof. The Israeli Police and Border Guard
Units, utilizing electronic instruments, assure the peace at that holy
site.       It is undeniable that, legal and security arguments aside, it
is a political consideration which denies Jews their civil rights and
liberties. For example, although the High Court of Justice has confirmed,
inter alia, that the Temple Mount surely is a Jewish holy place, the
Department for Holy Places of the Ministry for Religious Affairs does not
list the Temple Mount as such, budgets no money for it and in no other way
administers the site. Most crucial, the Judges refuse to obligate the
relevant Minister to formulate and adopt administrative regulations that
would allow Jews to pray on the Temple Mount by defining, for example, the
location and times for prayer.  The day-to-day administration, actually, is
in the hands of the Jordanian Wakf. The religious officials tending to the
Temple Mount are not Israeli government employees. They are uniformed and
carry sophisticated communications equipment. The Temple Mount is a
testing-ground for the undercurrent of tensions between supporters of
Arafat, King Hussein and Islamic fundamentalists among those in charge and
who run the institutions that exist there: educational, cultural and
political.      Many people presume that Jewish Halachic (Jewish law)
restrictions would deny entry into the Compound because of a Rabbinic Ban
on steppinginto sacred precincts. However, that prohibition extends only to
a 500 cubit-square area, which is considerably smaller than the current
esplanade. Former Chief Rabbi Shlomo Goren and others have pronounced in
favor of a limited access.      Archeological and scientific engineering
research, which could contribute to the location of the 500 cubit-square
are is disallowed. In fact, Jewish archeological remains are systematically
destroyed or covered over. The underground passageways of astounding
historical importance are off-limits.

     What we are witness to is the exploitation of the juridical system to
the political demands of policy. Israel's Courts must be convinced that
their duty is to uphold the law and the norms of justice. They themselves,
lend a legitimacy to the flouting of legal principles. It should be noted
that as recently as this month, Israel's High Court of Justice ordered the
police to prepare for the protection of the right of Meretz supporters to
demonstrate, even in a provocative fashion, along the Bar- Ilan Boulevard.
Will they apply the same outlook to allow Jews to pray on the Temple
Mount?" (SNS)

+++++++++++++++++
THE PALESTINIAN CONSTITUTION:

Palestinian lawmakers expect to wrap up debate on a constitution by the end
of the month. Details of the latest draft -- published in the regional Arab
daily Sharq al-Awsat --call for the creation of an independent state with
East Jerusalem as its capital. The draft published in the Sharq al-Awsat
newspaper says Islam will be the official religion and Arabic the official
language of the Palestinian Authority. The draft constitution is known as
the Basic Law for the Palestinian National Authority in the Transitional
Period. The draft provides the framework for a democratic government to
guaranty basic economic, political, and civil rights of the Palestinian
people. The Palestinian constitution also includes a clause calling for a
council to monitor human rights.  The addition is seen as a positive step
following the arrest and detention of a leading human rights activist in
Gaza after disagreements with Arafat. (VOA)

++++++++++++++

U.S. TROOPS TO BE USED AGAINST U.S. CIVILIANS?
By:  THE NEW WORLD  ORDER INTELLIGENCE
Date: 26 Jul 1996 01:53:32 GMT

82nd AND 101st AIRBORNE DIVISIONS TO BE EMPLOYED AGAINST U.S.
CITIZENS? DOMESTIC "UNREST" FORESEEN

According to an upcoming report in March's SOLDIER OF FORTUNE magazine,
pre-released on the Internet, the elite "All  Americans" and "Screaming
Eagles" Airborne Divisions may soon be policing U.S. towns and cities and
manning checkpoints on  U.S. highways, in direct violation of the Posse
Comitatus Act,  which forbids the deployment of U.S. troops against U.S.
citizens. That Act was also notably breached at Waco, where  machine-gun
firing Texas National Guard helicopters were employed  to open the
pre-planned ATF assault and where Special Forces/Delta  Force troops were
utilized in a number of ways.

At the present time, public affairs officers at XVIII Airborne Corps, Fort
Bragg, Georgia, are refusing to comment. What is  known, however, is that
about 40 Army and Air Force legal and  other personnel attended a secret
"research symposium" at  XVIII Airborne Corps, between December 6th and
8th, 1994, to  strategize and study for the deployment of U.S. Army and Air

Force personnel and resources to aid civilian authorities in  "the
suppression of domestic civil unrest". Something big  appears to be in the
wind!

According to the editor of the Special Forces underground  paper, THE
RESISTER, interviewed for the SOLDIER OF FORTUNE  article, the conference
concentrated on the "legality" of using U.S. forces against U.S. citizens
and on drafting  suitable military rules of engagement.

Army lawyers reportedly brushed aside dismissively Airborne officers'
concerns that such deployment would violate the Posse Comitatus Act, one
lawyer responding cryptically, "Not anymore, it doesn't." During the
symposium at the U.S. John F. Kennedy Special Warfare Center and School,
Fort Bragg, SOLDIER OF FORTUNE states, attendees analysed previous Special
Forces operations in Panama, Iraq, Somalia and Haiti, concentrating on
experiences gained there in the disarming of local populations via
"wholesale gun confiscation, warrantless search-and-seizure sweeps and
weapons buy-back programs."

A key unit in such internal "suppression" would undoubtedly be the
secretive and shadowy Delta Force, which is reported to have also played
the leading role in the countries mentioned above. Delta Force draftees,
who are largely drawn from the 10th Mountain Division, Fort Drum {see our
Web page article} and from the 3rd of the 75th Rangers, are primarily
routed to the 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment at Fort Campbell,
Kentucky, and to another division of the 160th based at Hurlbut field,
Florida. This latter 160th group are reported to be flying a ninja-suited,
ski-masked, heavily-armed unit named CJTF 6 around the U.S. in black
helicopters. They are alleged to be able to do this with no accountablity
through the simple device of having Special Forces members leave active
duty then sign up as reservists and volunteer for
&quot;special assignment&quot;. Another shadowy black ops group which would
doubtless also be employed is 12th Special Forces, originally based in
Arlington Heights, Illinois, but recently divided and relocated in two
other states.

The 10th Mountain Division, a 10,000 man-strong Light Assault Division, is
based at Fort Drum in upstate New York, just south of the Canadian border.
Fort Drum covers a geographic area the size of metropolitan Toronto, and is
intensively used by both U.S. and Canadian troops for urban-warfare and
house-to-house "search and seizure" exercises. The entire Division is
winter-capable, is trained in shock assault and urban-warfare tactics, and
is currently reported to be learning French. Its only attached
transportation assets are helicopter squadrons capable of lifting it a
relatively short distance very rapidly.

At least one respected Canadian analyst has theorized  that it has been
positioned to intervene in a future  Canadian "crisis" by seizing the
Canadian Forces  communications center at Kingston and cutting Highway  401
at that point. That would effectively paralyze any  Canadian military
response, cut the country in two at  its English/French center, utilize the
Canadian Shield  [which runs almost down to Lake Ontario in that locality]
to block any alternative East-West movement, prevent any  reinforcement or
defense of Ottawa from Toronto, and  permit a rapid advance up the 401 to
seize the capital.

The only Canadian military unit which could have offered any credible
resistance to such an assault, the Canadian Airborne, based at Petawawa,
was recently disbanded because of the "furor" which "erupted" - largely in
the media - over videos taken of hazing and initiation rites performed by
soldiers who, in almost every case, had already completed their tour of
duty in the Airborne and returned to their own regiments.

U.S. military spokesmen originally claimed that Fort Drum was intended for
"jungle warfare training". Now they prefer not to  answer questions about
it. But the distinct possibility of a  crisis caused by Quebec's separation
has some Canadian eyes  turning nervously, once again, to Fort Drum.


This item is taken from the March, 1995, issue of THE NEW WORLD  ORDER
INTELLIGENCE UPDATE. The provisions of the recently- passed Omnibus
Counter-Terrorism Bill have now made this an ominous possibility...
**************************************************************
(c) Copyright, NEW WORLD ORDER INTELLIGENCE UPDATE, 1995, 1996
**************************************************************

YOU ARE ENCOURAGED TO DISTRIBUTE BY PHOTOCOPY, INTERNET, BBS,
                       DISK OR FAX.
                No commercial use allowed.

[newsletter, electronic and book authors may quote this item if  source and
this complete subscription information section are  included]

The NEW WORLD ORDER NEWS UPDATE is a monthly newsletter which  concentrates
on geopolitical analysis, the New World Order, current events, legislative
and other threats to liberty, and the  personalities and groups espousing a
global World State.

See our Web page at http://www.inforamp.net/~jwhitley for  additional
information. Each Newsletter averages 31-50 pages  long, in small but clear
type.

      Address subscription or Review Copy requests to:

           NEW WORLD ORDER INTELLIGENCE UPDATE,
               651 MOUNT PLEASANT ROAD,
           TORONTO, ONTARIO, CANADA M4S 2N2

   ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION RATES [for 12 monthly issues] ARE:

CANADA              $120.00 plus $8.40 GST
UNITED STATES       $110.00US [includes international postage]
AUSTRALIA/NZ        $215.00 Australian [includes international postage]
OVERSEAS            $168.00 Canadian [includes international  postage]

YOU CAN OBTAIN A REVIEW ISSUE BY SENDING:

$12.00 Canadian if you live in Canada
$10.00 U.S. if you live in the United States
$14.00 Australian in Australia and New Zealand
$18.00 Canadian for other overseas addresses

Please make your cheque or money order out to "TORONTO  CHRISTIAN BOOK
CENTRE, publishers of THE NEW WORLD ORDER  INTELLIGENCE UPDATE. You may
also order by Visa or Mastercard,  provided that your card number, expiry
date and signature  accompany your order.

CANADIANS might also wish to order a copy of our astonishing  Spring, 1995,
Special Report on QUEBEC AND THE PLANNED BREAKUP  OF CANADA, which gives
the amazing inside story on the men and  motives behind the Quebec
Separation movement and their  connections to David Rockefeller and the
North American elite.  We give you the entire script and timetable from
insider  sources! Send $10 plus 91c GST for the complete Report and  learn
the TRUTH  behind the current political theatre which has,  as the
culmination of its plot, the destruction of Canada and  US-Canadian
Continental Union in less than a decade. Detailed,  factual and gripping
reading which will also alert and prepare  you!

 Send us your e-mail address if you'd like to be on our  electronic
Prophecy and New World Order news and book review mailing list.

+++++++++++++++

"The information superhighway is a revolution that in years to come will
transcend newspapers, radio, and television as an information source.
Therefore, I think this is the time to put some restrictions on it."

 -- U.S. Senator James Exon

+++++++++++++++

ABUSE OF PSYCHOLOGY IN THE CLASSROOM
 By California Assemblyman Steve Baldwin

         As Chairman of the Assembly Education Committee, I often receive
complaints from parents all over California regarding our public schools.
One of the most common complaints is the use of highly inappropriate games,
programs, and exercises that utilize psychological concepts. This approach
reflects a new trend in education in which educators see themselves more as
psychologists and counselors rather than teachers.  Indeed, in certain
academic circles the premise that all children start school mentally ill
seems to be gaining ground.  One prominent child development expert, Dr.
Chester Pierce of Harvard University said this:

         "Every child in America who enters school at the age of five is
mentally ill, because he comes to school with an allegiance to our
institutions, toward the preservation of this form of government that we
have.  Patriotism, nationalism and sovereignty, all that proves that
children are sick because a truly well individual is one who has rejected
all of those things and is truly the international child of the future."

         Some of these programs are called "wellness" programs, "at- risk'
programs, or "intervention" programs.  But the students targeted aren't
special education students; they are normal students in normal classrooms.
And the people administering these programs aren't psychologists but are
teachers.  In fact, the complaints have become so commonplace that
professional psychologists have approached the legislature with legislative
proposals prohibiting teachers from using psychological techniques without
a license.  Most of the parent complaints revolved around the following
psychological programs:

* Life/death Games.  Lifeboat is amongst the most common of what they call
life-death games.  In this game a child is forced to write essays or
verbalize about a traumatizing situation usually
killing of family members.  In Lifeboat, for example, a child is asked to
identify which parents should be thrown overboard to the sharks due to a
dwindling food supply.  The child usually is asked to write an essay as to
why they chose to kill that particular parent.

* Group Therapy.  This usually involves removing small groups of children
from classrooms to other rooms in the school and having them hold hands and
share feelings about various topics such as parents, divorce, sexual
habits, etc.  The most common game is one where each child shares a family
secret and is urged to think of the group as a new family.  Clearly, this
undermines family authority.

* Psychological Testing.  These are tests which usually range from 50 to
100 questions regarding a child's beliefs, values, and behavior.  They
involved highly inappropriate questions about sex, suicide and one's value
system.  In some cases the answers from such tests are then used by
teachers to assess whether or not the child has politically correct views.
If not, the child may be subjected to additional "behavioral conditioning"
to meet the school's definition of politically correct citizens.

* Guided imagery.  The two most popular Guided Imagery programs in public
schools are DUSA and PUMSY.  Both contain highly controversial new age
techniques such as having children visualize out of body experiences.

* Self Esteem Programs.  These programs, while well intentioned, are
designed to give students self esteem by using a number of behavioral
modification techniques.  The problem is that it is not only inappropriate,
but there is not a shred of evidence that self esteem programs work.  The
latest issue of Psychology Review publishes results of a study of self
esteem programs and found that they do not work.  The best self-esteem
program is teaching students basic skills!

* Death Education.  This involves reading and writing assignments that
focus on death and dying.  Sometimes students are asked to write "suicide"
notes pretending they are going to kill themselves.  The theory is that if
we desensitized students to death, they will become better students.
However, such assignments also cause trauma at least two suicides in
California have been linked to "death education" assignments.

         In most cases, parents have no idea that such programs even exist
in schools, and indeed most schools do not have such programs.  But enough
schools do that it is a cause for concern.  I recently submitted a variety
of psychological programs from San Diego area schools to Dr. Malcolm
Mornson, a licensed education psychologist.  In his assessment of the
material, he says, "Are teachers who receive a 4 day training program
capable of handling these issues?  Absolutely not . . . Too many of these
issues are usurping parental prerogatives.  Teachers are empowered only to
act "in loco parentis."

         Dr. Morrison concludes by saying the material is, "well-
intentioned, but a very dangerous approach.  I suggest that the teachers
concentrate on doing what they do best--teaching basic skills to children.
Obviously, there are children with problems.  These should be handled, but
certainly not by the classroom teachers.  We have an obligation to offer
counseling services to students, but as an adjunct to the classroom, not as
part of it."

         The amount of time we spend on teaching basic skills has dwindled
in the past 20 years.  In some schools, partly due to the shift to behavior
based programs and exercises.  And the results are in--they are disastrous.
Just a few months ago, the latest results of the National Assessment of
Educational Progress (NAFP) showed that California was dead last in the
country in reading and math scores.

         Now that the Republicans have taken control of the State Assembly
and I have the honor of being Chairman of the Assembly Education Committee,
we will be holding hearings on the misuse of psychology in the classrooms.
Furthermore, there will legislation introduced this session on this issue.
Assemblyman George House has introduced Assembly Bill 3188 prohibiting
teachers from practicing psychology, and Assemblyman Scott Baugh has
introduced Assembly Bill 2820, which expands the rights of parents to not
only be notified of such programs but exempt their children from them.

+++++++++++++++

FEDERAL TROOPS GUARDING YOUR CHURCH?
As originally reported by:
Newsweek
July 1, 1996

     President Clinton is close to announcing a "very significant
deployment" of personnel to the soutth to help prevent -- not jus
investigate -- arson at black churches.

     The White House would start by sending in federal marshals and
personnel from agencies such as the Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA) and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms (BATF) to help
community groups protect their local churches.

     If stronger measures are needed, however, Clinton may call on
governors to activate National Guard units.

     "This is a change from investigating the fires to guarding against
them." says one Clinton adviser.

++++++++++++++

Are You Fit to Be a Parent?
by William Norman Grigg

Through the alchemy of controlled media debate, the custodians of
respectable opinion transmute the unthinkable into the inevitable. This
process appears to be well underway regarding the totalitarian proposal
that parents be required to obtain a license from the government in order
to raise their own children. (See "Whose Child Is This?" The New American,
November 28, 1994.) Since last November, when Dr. Jack C. Westman of the
University of Wisconsin-Madison published his book Licensing Parents: Can
We Prevent Child Abuse and Neglect?, at least two more self-appointed
"experts" have ventilated similar proposals, and Dr. Westman has availed
himself of high-profile media appearances to promote his scheme.

According to the December 21st Dayton (Ohio) Daily News, noted child
psychiatrist Foster Cline has also embraced the notion that "licensing
parents is ... an answer to the youth violence occurring in the world
today." Cline is director of the Colorado-based Evergreen Consultants in
Human Behavior and was an early advocate of "rage-reduction therapy," a
process in which (according to the Daily News) children are "forced to deal
with their rage and anger." Speaking at the Midwest Children's Con- ference
at Sinclair Community College in Dayton, Cline declared, "Some parents
aren't fit to be parents. If you can't pass the sixth grade, you shouldn't
be able to have children." Like Westman, Cline believes that parental
licenser would provide pre-emptive protection from crime and other social
ills.

Targeting the Underclass

Similar arguments have been proffered by David Lykken, a professor of
psychology at the University of Minnesota. In a forthcoming book, The
American Crime Factory: How It Works and How to Slow It Down, Lykken
endorses a system of parental licenser. Furthermore, Lykken targets his
proposals squarely at the underclass and sketches detailed enforcement
mechanisms and sanctions for those who fail to comply.

As summarized by the Minneapolis Star-Tribune, "Under Lykken's system, if
children were born to unlicensed parents, the state would intervene
immediately. Licenses would be checked in hospital maternity wards.
Unlicensed parents would lose their children permanently. Adoptions would
be final and irreversible." Furthermore, sanctions would extend beyond the
abduction of "unauthorized" children. Lykken informed the Star-Tribune,
"Repeat offenders might be required to submit to an implant of Norplant [a
surgically implanted contraceptive] as a way to keep them from having
another baby for five years."

Lykken points out that the task of caring for children seized from
unlicensed parents would require the development of "alternative parenting
mechanisms"; significantly, he believes that this leads us "back to Newt
Gingrich's orphanages."* Lykken apparently believes that a system of
state-supervised orphanages might be established to replace the nation's
foster care system: "The foster-care system in most of the United States is
very inadequate. I think we should professionalize [i.e., publicly fund]
foster care."

 ------------------------------------------------

*NOTE: It is interesting to note that the National Task Force for
Children's Constitutional Rights, a group whose co-founder, Judge Charles
Gill, has endorsed Westman's proposal, supports a "children's rights
amendment" which would include "the right to care of a loving family or a
substitute thereof"; the enforcement of such a "right" would require the
development of "alternative parenting mechanisms."

 ------------------------------------------------

Although there are literally millions of generous, decent foster families
in this country, the system is indeed a serious problem. Many parents who
have been falsely accused of child abuse have seen their children kidnaped
by "child protection" workers and placed into the foster care system, only
to find that their children have suffered genuine child abuse at the hands
of inept or corrupt foster parents. Others, like the Jim Wade family in San
Diego, have seen their children taken into "protective" custody and placed
into foster homes on a fast track for irreversible adoption. In the Wade
case, the child "protection" agency was seeking to have the child adopted
before the father could be exonerated of sexual molestation charges. Abuses
of this sort happen frequently in the foster care system precisely because
of the "professional" elements of that system whose powers would be
augmented under Lykken's proposal.

Dr. Westman has stated that his parental licenser program would begin with
homes which receive public assistance. Lykken is even more emphatic on this
point: "If you live in the projects on welfare, then you can't have a baby.
And that sounds awful.... But the question is, if you liven a plague area,
have you a right to bring a child into a plague area?" Such statements
raise the suspicion that a third "k" is missing from Lykken's name.

However, he takes care to specify that his proposal would eventually apply
to all parents, without regard to race or class: "This is not racially
based. The facts are, most of the parents who neglect and abuse their
children are Caucasian. And from the socio-economic point of view, it is
not classist because half of the children who are neglected and abused do
not receive public assistance."

Guarding the Guardians

Should the present welfare system evolve into what Herrnstein and Murray
call, in The Bell Curve, the "custodial state," adoption of a parental
licenser system like that envisioned by Lykken would be a logical step.
Middle-class Americans might even be tempted to embrace such a system as a
rational alternative to subsidized bastardy and the incubation of social
pathologies in the ghetto. However, in the "custodial state" this question
would remain: Who will guard the guardians?

Although this system would begin with the underclass, all of the proposals
of parental licenser would eventually encompass all American families, and
the predictable abuses would ensue. For instance: If, as Foster Cline
asserts, a sixth grade education is a necessary prerequisite for
parenthood, why couldn't the state make graduation from a
government-operated high school a condition of receiving a parent license?
If, as Lykken suggests, the state could require implantation of Norplant to
prevent "unauthorized" births, could it not also require irreversible
sterilization, or even abortion? Furthermore, Lykken's suggestion that
state officials prowl maternity wards to deter the birth of "unauthorized"
children would not be novel to refugees from Communist China.

Media discussions of parental licenser have carefully avoided an
examination of constitutional questions, clinging instead to matters of
"practicality." Implicit in such discussions is the notion that the state
has the power to impose such a system should it become "necessary," and
licenser advocates insist that "incompetent parenting" has created a social
crisis. Westman notes that "the U.S. Advisory Committee on Child Abuse and
Neglect in 1992 declared child abuse and neglect a national emergency, and
nobody paid any attention to it." Lykken strikes a similar note, declaring,
"The'American crime factory' is turning out these sociopaths at an ever-
increasing rate. We can't keep building more and more prisons. We've got to
do something to turn off the spigot."

To persuade the public of the necessity of parental licensing, Westman,
Lykken, and other advocates are pursuing a version of what could be called
the "Burning Reichstag Gambit." Just as the National Socialists stampeded
the German public into a police state by screaming, "The Reichstag's
burning -- suspend the consti- tution!" advocates of parental licensing
maintain that the social emergency created by "incompetent parenting"
justifies the assumption of unconstitutional powers by the government. In
doing this, they appear to be following a script which was composed during
the last decade.

The Star-Tribune observes that licensing parents "has been suggested
before, usually cloaked in whispers or tempered by nervous laughter....
Experts whose jobs involve the protection of children, from teachers to
social workers to family court judges, have arrived at the threshold of
parental licensing before, only to turn away at the drastic nature of such
an idea."

In a seminal 1980 essay on the subject, entitled simply "Licensing
Parents," philosophy professor and soi-disant children's advocate Hugh
LaFollette contended that licensing parents is proper because "any activity
that is potentially harmful to others and requires certain demonstrated
competence for its safe performance ... is subject to regulation...."
According to LaFollette, "since some people hold unacceptable views about
what is best for children ... people do not automatically have rights to
rear children just because they will rear them in a way they deem
appropriate." Among the "unacceptable views" to be eradicated through
parental licensing is the belief that "parents, particularly biological
parents ... have natural sovereignty over their children." From
LaFollette's perspective, "to protect [children] from maltreatment, this
attitude toward children must be dislodged."

LaFollette is typical of "children's rights" advocates who assume that all
parents are potential criminals. Predictably, his essay attracted the
attention of other activists who believe that all
citizens are potential criminals, and that the fight against crime will
require that the state absorb the functions of the home. Criminologist Gene
Stephens of the University of South Carolina, who serves as a chapter
coordinator for the World Future Society, endorsed the parental licensing
concept in "Crime in the Year 2000," an essay published in the April 1981
issue of The Futurist magazine. Writing almost 14 years ago, Stephens
predicted, "Parental care inthe year 2000 may be different from today's and
better, since by then the movement to license or certify parents may be
well under way" (emphasis added).

Not content with the usurpation of parental authority, Stephens suggested a
fully-realized program of eugenics:

    "In most cases, certified couples would be allowed to have  their own
natural children. In some instances, however, genetic scanning may find
that some women and men can produce 'super' babies but are not well suited
to rear them. These couples will be licensed to breed, but will give up
their children to other people licensed to rear them. The couple who raises
the child will be especially suited to provide love and compassion and the
best possible care that the child feels wanted and needed in society. The
very fact that children will feel wanted could lead to better development
of their egos and, thus, of their capabilities. Child breeding and rearing,
then, may be considered too important to be left to chance.... [Wanted]
children will have fewer environmental reasons to turn  to crime and
controlled breeding will result in fewer biological
 reasons for crime."

"We're All Criminals"

Stephens does not appear to be uncomfortable with the totalitarian nature
of his proposals. He told The New American, "In China, the government
requires parents to obtain a license before they are permitted to have a
second child. Unfortunately, when my article  people would object that 'oh,
that idea's just like the communist Chinese program.'" Furthermore,
according to Stephens, regarding crime, "It's not a question of us versus
them; it's us -- we're
all criminals." This is because "of the way in which people are socialized
in this country. The rite of passage for an adolescent is to break the law,
or defy authority. As the last election shows, we don't like government, we
don't like authority, and we don't like being told what to do." (Of course,
in the American constitutional tradition, the state does not exist to tell
citizens "what to do," but rather to protect their individual rights and
property.)

Stephens told The New American that although he doesn't think a full-
fledged program of parental licenser is an immediate possibility, "a lot of
school districts offer -- and some districts require -- enroll- ment in
Parent Effectiveness Training courses beginning in the sixth grade." He
also cites "conflict resolution" programs "which are taught on a mentoring
basis or using a peer approach, in which high school students are taught
the skills and then they teach junior high kids, and so on." According to
Stephens, "there's just gobs of these types of programs in school districts
across the country."

A State Initiative

With "experts" emerging to endorse parental licenser, and with preliminary
programs like those described by Stephens proliferating through the
government school system, traditionalist parents might wish to examine the
merits of a proposed Parental Rights Amendment (PRA), which could be
adopted at the state level. Of the People, a grassroots pro-family group
based in Arlington, Virginia, has created the following model PRA: "The
right of parents to direct the upbringing and education of their children
shall not be infringed." The legislatures of nine states considered
proposed PRAs in 1994, and 12 states -- Alabama, Arizona, Colorado,
Illinois, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, Oregon, Virginia,
Washington, and Wisconsin -- are expected to debate the proposal this year.

The addition of a PRA to a state constitution would provide a significant
obstacle to social engineers such as Westman and Lykken -- a fact not lost
upon the child "protection" bureaucracy. When a PRA-style measure was
proposed in Kansas last year, its opponents cynically labeled it the "David
Koresh Amendment." State Representative Denise Everhart, an opponent of the
measure, declared that "I have a thousand stories of child abuse that I
will recite on the House floor one at a time if I have to in order to keep
this amendment from passing." Jim McDavitt, director of the Kansas
Education Watch network, reports that LaFollette's essay "Licensing
Parents" was cited by a critic of the measure during testimony before the
legislature's judiciary committee.

The recent electoral rebuke of Clintonism may deflect some of the more
grandiose social engineering schemes at the federal level. However, the
states are planted thick with social engineers like Westman and Lykken who
will implement their schemes if they are permitted to, creating precedents
which will set the parameters of future federal policies. While pro-family
activists should not leave matters of federal (and global) social
engineering unattended, the battle over parental licenser will probably be
fought at the state and local levels.

*****************

Publication Cycle Notice: Prophe-Zine will be published (up loaded), on the
1st and the15th of each month. (bi-weelkly)

Prophe-Zine is freely distributed to the major on-line services, BBSs, and
to the Internet. You can also get back issues at Prophe-Zine's web site.
Address: http://www.best.com/~ray673/pzhome.html

The Editor of Prophe-Zine can be reached by sending e-mail to:
ray673@best.com. Please write the Editor if you are interested in receiving
guidelines for submission to Prophe-Zine

Statement of Faith

THE PURPOSE of Prophe-Zine is to carry out the command of the Lord Christ
Jesus, recorded in Matthew 28:19:
                  "Therefore go and make disciples of all nations"

Prophe-Zine is a Christian publication grounded in the deity of Christ and
the inerrancy of Scripture.  The major intent of the editors is first, the
giving out the message of the Gospel, "For what I received I passed on to
you as of first importance: that Christ died for our sins according to the
Scriptures, that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day
according to the Scriptures," 1 Cor. 15:3-4.

The Editor of Prophe-Zine holds to a strictly literal and inerrant Bible
interpretation, salvation through Christ alone, a soon pre-tribulation
Rapture of all believers and the establishment of a thousand-year kingdom
on earth. The evangelism of the unbelievers and the exhortation of the
believers take precedence over all other activities of this ministry.

Prophe-Zine may not agree with some of the authors and their beliefs, but
Prophe-Zine believes that we must endeavor to keep the unity of the spirit
(In other words agree to disagree), so Prophe-Zine feels that it must give
equal time to other biblically based doctrines in all fairness.

Eph 4:3 Endeavoring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.

The Legal Stuff About Prophe-Zine
Prophe-Zine
Copyright (c) 1996 Raymond B Gano
All rights reserved.

Please ask for permission before reproducing or reprinting specific
articles and/or graphics, since some of the individual works appearing in
Prophe-Zine are copyrighted works belonging to their respective authors or
artists and are used here with their permission.

Prophe-Zine may be freely distributed under the following conditions:
It may not be included in a software package without prior consent from the
author. It may not be distributed or reproduced for commercial purposes.

Prophe-Zine's editor uses a Quadra 840 AV Macintosh computer. Programs
include: MacWrite, Color-It, JPEGview, OnLine Bible KJV 2.1.

The Editor  is currently looking for submissions, artists, writers,
fiction, reviews, columnists and other help for Prophe-Zine articles. If
interested, please write the Editor to receive a guideline for submissions.


Feedback and suggestions from the Prophe-Zine readers are ALWAYS WELCOME!
Don't just tell me that you actually liked reading Prophe-Zine, tell me
what YOU would like to see in future issues!






