PropheZine #45
Aug 1,1997
--------------------------------------------
This newsletter can be found in HTML format at
http://www.prophezine.com/search/database/is45.0.html
---------------------------------------------

Ray Gano.....................Welcome To Issue #45
Shirley Ann Miller... What Reflection Do I See, Brightly Shining Down on Me?"
Berit Kjos.....Hercules -- A Counterfeit Savior?
R.g. Wallace....Peace And Security
Todd Strandberg......The Wolf Wolf Factor
Steven Wright.....Sure has been a lot of wierd weather lately!
Karen Richardson......Millennial Fever

PropheZine Newbytes

Barbara G. Baker ....Two Filipino Christians Beheaded By Saudi Arabia
David Miller....Twenty-three reasons (and counting) to beware of the "Magic
Kingdom"
Young America's Foundation ....1996-97 Top 10 Politically Correct Campus Events
COMPASS DIRECT....Russian President Vetoes New Religion Bill
Lee Underwood...........F.Y.I. - Israel in the News

The Final Word

Ian-Wolfgang S. Behm....The Believer's Authority

*****************************************

^ 

Welcome to PropheZine # 45


Hello Everyone,

First of all I must say sorry about missing the 15th of the month's issue.
Kim's computer took a major dump and killed her hard drive, with all the
articles, and her modem. Needless to say, she had to go out and get
another.

I think that you will enjoy this issue. In my opinion there are some rather
dark articles in this issue that might possibly jolt you. Shirley Ann
Miller continues her series on Christian Astrology and the supposed gospel
in the stars. I have enjoyed Shirley's articles greatly. I come from an
occultic background myself and when I saw the occult seeping its way into
the church I felt that I had to do something about it.

Berit Kjos, who is one of the PZ conference guests, has a wonderful movie
review regarding to the Disney film "Hercules." Her work has opened my eyes
to what is going on related to new age propaganda in our schools, our
children's TV programming and movies.

I am glad to tell you all that Todd Strandberg, from the Rapture Index, is
back and he has a good article called "The Wolf Wolf Factor." 
article warns us about all the so-called prophets currently
claiming to speak for God.

One of the news bytes that I do want to warn you about is "1996-97 Top 10
Politically Correct Campus Events". This is a VERY ADULT news piece and
very graphic in content. If this sort of material disturbs you, then you
might not wish to read that article. This is an article that really woke me
up to the persecution taking place here in the US and the debauchery into
which the US has sunk.

We have many new things at the PZ website. For example:

RealAudio - www.prophezine.com/realaudio

Torah Code Archive - www.prophezine.com/tcode

Chat / IRC - www.prophezine.com/chat

PZ Prophecy Conference - www.prophezine.com/conference

plus many other new features and a new look for PZ as well.

As stated above, there is a website for the upcoming PropheZine Prophecy
Conference that is taking place on Sept. 19,20,21. If you would like be
co-sponsor of this conference, for $100.00 + dollars we will create
a one-page website ad for your company or business.  This ad will stay up
for over a year and will help us in getting the good news out that our Lord is
coming soon. For more info on this, you can e-mail me (Ray Gano) at
ray@prophezine.com or you can give me a call at 415-938-8381 PST. This
special offer is only open to Christian businesses and individuals.

See you in Los Angles!

In His service,
Ray Gano
PropheZine

*****************************************

^ 


THE GOSPEL IN THE STARS
PART II

"What Reflection Do I See, Brightly Shining Down on Me?"
By Shirley Ann Miller (c) 1997


	How many times, on a clear night, have you counted the number of the
stars, seen the Big Dipper, Arcturus, Spica, or discovered a distant planet
visible in the evening sky?

	Remember the old legend of the "man in the moon?"  Have you ever
stared at a full moon long enough to observe the faint outline of two eyes
and the smiling face appearing on the reflective surface of the moon?  Just
because the moon appears to have a man's face, does that indicate the moon
is a living organism or that a living person exists within the moon?

	In recent months, people have been "seeing" faces on the planet Mars.
Imagine the disappointment in recently discovering that little green
Martian men didn't jump out in front of Pathfinder's IMP camera and scream,
"What took you so long?"

	Civilizations have made stories and fables out of the stars and
planets since the beginning of time.  Whatever the particular religion,
history also tells a story about the stars based upon the definitions of
that religion's perception of God or the multiplicity of "gods."  We all see
the same stars, but -- depending on our background and beliefs--  each planet or
star would have a different definition to us.  Aristotle wrote, "Heaven is
full of the gods to whom we give the name of stars."

	For instance, in Hebrew "bethula" means virgin (Isaiah 23:12,
37:22, 47:1, 62:5), not the sign Virgo, as purported in the 'Gospel in the
Stars' message.  The ancient Greek poet, Aratus (who was quoted by the
Apostle Paul at Mars Hill in Acts 17:28) believed the constellation of
Virgo to be a beautiful goddess who came to earth to dwell with mankind but
originally belonged to an ancient "star race."

	After tracing backwards through the names of the virginal goddess
of Virgo in "A Sign in the Heavens: The Truth About Astrology," it becomes
even clearer the names originated from the Babylonian Ishtar (Inanna), the
virginal "Queen of the Heavens" (and Tammuz, meaning the "only son of
life," as the dying and rising divinity, depicted as Jesus Christ).  This
same virginal representation associated with the planet Venus can be found
in the Canaanite Astarte; the Egyptian Isis; the Greek goddesses Ceres
(Mother of Corn who brought forth "the seed," and worshipped with a nursing
baby at her breast)  Demeter/Athena, Parthenos/Aphrodite; and Diana/Porrima
of the Romans.

	The first words spoken to Moses on Mt. Sinai were:  "I am the Lord
thy God, which have brought thee out of the land of Egypt, out of the house
of bondage.  Thou shalt have no other gods before me.  Thou shalt not make
unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of anything that is in heaven
above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the
earth" (Exodus 20:1-17).  

If one reads closely, does this passage of
scripture include the "images" and "symbols" of astrology, or the
likenesses of any of the planets, stars, sun, moon, people, plants,
objects, or animal shapes formed by the configurations of stars in the
heavens?

	The 'Gospel in the Stars' message proposes that the constellation
and zodiac sign of Virgo, the virgin, represents the "sign" God gave as a
witness in the heavens to reveal Jesus Christ's birth, life, death, and
resurrection; but the Bible doesn't indicate this at all.  Most people do
not think that these ancient goddesses, attributed to the sign of Virgo,
possessed anything but the pure, virginal qualities associated with Mary,
the mother of Jesus.  The ancient festivals celebrating these goddesses
were not of purity, but of licentiousness, drunkenness, and debauchery.

	To disassociate Mary, the mother of Jesus Christ, still further,
look at every early star map depiction of the "virgin" of Virgo and you will
see a "fair-skinned, blue-eyed blonde" young maiden dressed in ancient
Graeco-Roman attire.  This is not the correct representation of
the Jewish Mary, the mother of Jesus Christ, who, all would agree, would be
of darker skin and hair color.

	In Isaiah, the Lord spoke to Ahaz, "...Ask thee a sign of the Lord
thy God, ask it either in the depth, or in the height above" (Isaiah 7:11).
Do we need to ask the planets, the stars, or constellations to give us a
"sign?"

	Instead of seeking God for counsel, Judah sought counsel and
learning from those that led them away from God, "...because they be
replenished from the east, and are soothsayers like the Philistines..."
(Isaiah 2:6).  Isaiah made it very clear to Ahaz that the "sign" would come
directly from the Lord.  "Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign;
Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name
Immanuel" (7:14).

	God indicated the "sign" would be "a virgin shall conceive, and
bear a son..." and "there shall be a root of Jesse, which shall stand for
an ensign of the people..." (Isaiah 11:10).  God didn't reveal anything at
all about "the sign" happening because of, or through, the constellation or
the zodiac sign of Virgo, the Virgin.

	Has Christianity wrapped its symbolic meanings around the ancient
pagan symbolism depicted in astrology?  It's not the 12 signs of the zodiac
that portray the Gospel of Jesus Christ, but instead, the Gospel of Jesus
Christ has been portrayed through the 12 signs of the astrological zodiac.

	The Bible never states that the "sun" or "moon" were persons or
beings, but created things with specific powers given by God (see Genesis
1:14-16).  The very ancient word Othath (for signs) in Genesis 1:14, means
to "reveal;" but what does this word signify other than to reveal God's
glory and the majesty of His creation?  If we were to presume anything
other than this, that presumption would take away God's glory and give it
to His creation, but did God reveal in His Word another purpose for the
planets, the sun, moon, and stars?

---------------------------------------------------------------
All questions, and/or comments are welcome, and will be addressed directly
by e-mail:  sammie@traveller.com, or addressed in later articles.  Book
orders and inquiries may also be addressed to:

Shirley Ann Miller
P.O. Box 1104
Madison, AL  35758

Contents of this article are excerpts from, "A Sign in the Heavens:  The
Truth About Astrology," Shirley Ann Miller (c) 1995, which includes
information on:

	- where did astrology originate?

	- what is Gnosticism, Mithraism, Zoroastrianism, and are they
	  related to astrology?  How do they relate to the Old and New
              Testament period?

	- what was God's original purpose for the heavens?

	- were the 12 tribes of Israel named after the 12 signs of the
	  zodiac?

	- what about the ephod and breastplate?

	- how was astrology used both in the Old Testament and in the
	  New Testament period?

A personal note:  In this book, I've attempted to retrace the footsteps of
astrology back to its origins, and in this process we pass by the way of
many doctrines, beliefs, religions, cultures, ancestry, and heritage of the
many cultures that existed from the very beginnings of mankind.  On this
journey many belief systems are approached based upon their astrological
perspective.  I have attempted to bring to light a very puzzling, difficult
subject that has been dissected from its infancy throughout all of history,
but without conclusive evidence as to its origins.  It has never been my
belief that any one religion or doctrine is inferior to another, nor has it
been my heartfelt desire to attack any belief system as erroneous.  This
book represents a series of critiques, not specifically criticisms, with
the hopes of bringing  enlightenment and understanding about astrology to
the Christian community.  Personally, I believe that all of mankind and
womankind represent the brothers and sisters of humanity, and that we all
at one time came from the same rootstock, and that being the descendants of
Adam and Noah.

---------------------------------------------

Other books by Shirley Ann Miller include:

"Temperamysticism:"  The Four Temperament Theory of the Sanguine, Choleric,
Phlegmatic, and Melancholy personality theory and its association with
astrology and Christianity.

"A Sign in the Heavens:  The Truth About Astrology"

"Will the Real Prophets Please Stand Up?  Discerning the Voice of the
Prophet"

*****************************************

^ 


HERCULES -- A COUNTERFEIT SAVIOR?
by Berit Kjos

A kind-hearted character, hair-raising action, and fun, fast-moving images
have a way of planting politically correct notions while bypassing rational
scrutiny. Even Christians tend to flow with the story and feel relieved
when young Hercules conquers evil, restores peace, and earns a hero's
welcome among the gods.

But what forces really win in the latest Disney animation? How do the
enticing images affect "cultural consciousness" in today's fast-changing
world? And why are Disney movies important to the consensus process - the
public acceptance of an evolving set of global beliefs and values that rule
out Biblical truth?

THE STORY. Following in the footsteps of other contemporary myth-makers,
Disney has spun a new tale out of the ancient story of Hercules -- the
not-so-nice strong-man in the ancient Greek pantheon of self-loving gods
made in the image of man. In this new story, the gods are good. Our hero is
born to the mighty Zeus and his loving wife Hera, who reign on Mt. Olympus
where family values abound. Everyone loves the radiant little baby destined
to be "the strongest of all the gods."

Everyone, that is, but Hades, the god of the underworld. He plans to take
over Mt. Olympus, and only Hercules stands in his way. "Eighteen years
hence," prophesy the Fates, when the planets will be "in perfect
alignment," Hades will release the monstrous Titans and dethrone Zeus.
"But," the Fates tell  Hades, "should Hercules fight, you will fail!"

Hades sends the demons Pain and Panic to destroy the little god. But a
childless couple, Amphitryon and Alcmene, find the kidnapped baby before he
swallows the last drop of a magic potion. Hercules becomes a mortal but
retains his supernatural strength.

"For so many years we have prayed for a child," says Alcmene. "Perhaps the
gods have answered us." It makes sense in a movie that makes Zeus look as
loving as God.

Eighteen years later, the strong, awkward Hercules feels the pain of being
different. He can neither control his strength nor understand his purpose.
"Maybe the gods will have the answers," he tells his adoptive parents, then
heads for the temple of Zeus. There he kneels in prayer before a massive
statue of the god. It comes alive, and Zeus promises his son, "If you can
prove yourself a true hero on earth, your godhood will be restored."

Hercules finds a professional hero-trainer (a satyr, part man and part
goat), prepares himself for the battles ahead, and sets out to conquer
evil. After killing a centaur, a many-headed serpent, and countless other
monsters, he returns to Zeus to claim his godhood. His father seems pleased
but not satisfied. "Being famous does not make you a true hero."

"What more can I do?" asks the boy.

"Look inside your heart," answers his father, sounding as wise as the
spirit of Grandmother Willow in Pocahontas.

Meanwhile, the seductive Meg, enslaved to the evil Hades, is falling in
love with the wholesome hulk. To free her, Hercules makes a bargain with
her owner and gives Hades the opportunity he has long awaited. As the
planets move "into perfect alignment," a huge pit in the ocean splits open,
and the Titans are released. But Hercules has bargained away his strength.

With Meg dying and Mount Olympus invaded by beasts from the pit, Hercules
finally  proves to be a genuine hero. His strength restored, he nobly gives
his life for the woman he loves. In self-sacrifice, he wins his divinity -
and returns to life and Mt. Olympus as "the greatest hero of all time."

THE MYTH BEHIND THE STORY. The ancient Greek myth shows a different
picture. Like the shape-shifting deities of Native American shamanism, Zeus
would transform himself into anything he chose. To create Hercules, he
merely took the shape of the human warrior Amphitryon and lay with his
wife, Alcmene. She gave birth to the half-god Hercules.

Raging with jealousy, Zeus' wife Hera initiated a string of challenges
designed to undermine the power of her husband's illegitimate offspring.
Hercules' own fiery temperament fit right into her plan.

After winning a war that began when he cut the nose and ears off a royal
messenger, Hercules married Megara, the daughter of the conquering king.
Unlike Disney's seductive Meg, she didn't please him. Confused by the Fury
of Madness sent by Hera, Hercules massacred his wife and children.

As punishment for his crime, the Oracle at Delphi sentenced him to serve
Hera's favorite king Eurystheus. Among his twelve lethal assignments were
battles against the nine-headed serpent and Cerberus, the dog-like guardian
of the underworld. To the king's dismay, the superhero survived each trial.

But a new string of murder, monster-bashing, romance and revenge led to
Hercules' poisoning. Driven by excruciating pain, he built his own funeral
pyre. As the flames rose around the dying hero, a cloud descended from the
sky, and with a thunderous display of lightening, Zeus lifted his son from
human sight and up onto Mount Olympus to enjoy eternal bliss with the
immortals.

THE MESSAGE.  With Aladdin, Disney introduced a "new genre" of
multicultural movies that would challenge the old monotheistic beliefs of
the Western world and build acceptance for the world's earth-centered
religions. This politically correct attitude would help establish the new
global spirituality needed to unify the world around a common set of
beliefs and values. The Lion King and Pocahontas popularized pantheism (all
is god, everything is connected) and monism (all is one). Hercules promotes
polytheism (many gods). All three help desensitize viewers of all ages to
the pagan beliefs and rituals God forbids in His Word.

To popularize Greek gods in a culture that rejects God's warnings but
values His goodness, Disney had to re-invent the old characters. The
mythical Hercules who would have sex with fifty young women in a single
night was unacceptable. The old stories had to be idealized--just as today's
classroom stories about the world's pagan cultures had to be purged of all
negative facts.

Actually, pagan religions have always been counterfeits of truth. Since God
created everything, Satan could only counterfeit the good that God
created--including His wisdom and prophetic messages. It's no surprise that
the story of the Fall in Genesis 3, the promise of a Savior, and the image
of a young mother with child would spread around the world, inspiring
counterfeit creators, saviors, divine mothers, and god-man babies.

For those who don't know God and His Word, Hercules makes a good imitation.
Together, the original Greek myth and the Disney movie bring the following
signs of a counterfeit christ:

* leaves heaven, becomes a savior on earth
* has a human mother and a divine father
* is misunderstood and rejected by peers
* is hated and hunted by an evil power
* prays to his father-god
* gives his life to save one he loves
* returns to heaven when victory is won

Like Israel in Old Testament days, God's people today are surrounded by
pagan values, images, and rituals. To guard your children against these
deceptions, teach them to "put on the whole armor of God"--an outline of the
basic truths needed to expose and counter paganism. (Ephesians 6:10-18)
Since today's most dangerous deceptions are the distorted views of God, the
primary truths to speak and remember are His own revelations about Himself
in Scriptures. Next, affirm the other truths of the armor--the truths about
His righteousness, peace, faith or trust, salvation, and the living Word.

Walking in His righteousness means first being filled with His righteous
life so that we can love and follow His ways. Today, as in the days of
Moses, God warns His people to shun "other gods, the gods of the people all
around you." (Deuteronomy 6:14) He continues with a New Testament warning:
"Walk as children of light... finding out what is acceptable to the Lord.
And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather
expose them.... Do not be unwise, but understand what the will of the Lord
is." (Ephesians 5:8-11, 17)

Perhaps God's will concerning paganism is best stated in 2 Corinthians 6:14-18:

"What fellowship has righteousness with lawlessness? ... And what agreement
has the temple of God with idols? For you are the temple of the living God.
As God has said: "I will dwell in them and walk among them. I will be their
God, And they shall be My people. Therefore come out from among them and be
separate," says the Lord. "Do not touch what is unclean, And I will receive
you.  I will be a Father to you, and you shall be My sons and daughters."

                        *       *        *

To understand today's social and spiritual transformation and to equip your
child for spiritual warfare, read Brave New Schools (Harvest House
Publishers). Available through Christian bookstores or call 800-829-5646.
Look for Berit's Web Site coming soon to the Internet.
http://www.kjosministries.com


EDITOR'S NOTE:
Berit Kjos will be one of our guest speakers at the PropheZine
International Prophecy Conference that is going to be held in Los Angles
California area on Sept 19-21, 1997. For more information on this exciting
conference, go to http://www.prophezine.com/conference

*****************************************

^ 

PEACE AND SECURITY
Another prewrath article by R.g. Wallace

According to 1 Thessalonians 5:3, just prior to the Day of the Lord return
of Jesus, there will exist in the world a "general" condition of peace and
security.

Peace speaks of the absence of enmity and in this case it would indicate
the cessation of warfare. This cessation would in fact be, an interruption
of the historical trends of "wars and rumors of war" that Jesus spoke of as
"the beginning of birth pains," which lead up to the "end" when He comes
back at the Day of the Lord.

Security speaks of safety and stability, and in context refers to the
economic "comfort" zone in which these people will be living as a result of
some kind of world or local condition that exists just prior to the Day of
the Lord.

This appears then, to be something they are experiencing at the time,
rather than something for which they are longing and searching. This is
indicated by the fact that the experience seems to "lull them to sleep" and
render them unprepared and unexpectant of Christ's return. This place of
"comfort" is also indicated at Matthew 24:38-39 where Jesus says,

"...in those days that were before the flood, they were eating and drinking;
they were marrying and giving in marriage, and did not know until the flood
came and took them all away. So shall the coming of the Son of Man be."

THE PRE-TRIB POSITION
According to the pre-trib viewpoint for the rapture of the church, this time
of "peace and security" exists just prior to the beginning of the 7 years
of Daniel's 70th week. The Lord comes in the sky and raptures the church
out from the earth and then begins to pour out his wrath via the seals,
trumpets and bowls. 1 Thessalonians 5:3 tells us,

"While they are saying peace and security then sudden destruction comes
upon them like birth pains upon a woman with child, and they shall not
escape."

It is valid to place a time of "general" peace and safety before the
beginning of the 70th week, at least in the context of our present day
world conditions. However, whereas the "coming of destruction" is true for
when the day of the Lord arrives, it is not true for the beginning of the
70th week. This last 7-year period of the 70 periods prophesied to Daniel
by Gabriel begins when a world ruler with political roots in Ancient Rome,
"arrogant and skilled in deception" (Daniel 7:23), establishes a covenant
of peace and religious toleration in the Middle East and probably
throughout the rest of the world as well. He goes out "conquering and to
conquer" (Rev. 6:2) as the 7-year period begins and brings an end to the
"nation against nation" conflicts going on in the world and establishes THE
peace (Rev. 6:4).

Tatford concludes concerning the 1st seal:

"It is far more probable, however that the reference is to the rise and
career of a mighty imperial ruler after the rapture of the church who
brings under his sway a vast territory in an endeavor to maintain peace,
order and prosperity" (F.A. Tatford, Prophecy's Last Word, page 86).

Thus, there will be "peace and security" at the beginning of the week and
not "sudden destruction without escape," (1 Thes. 5:3). It is commonly
believed by those who hold to the pre-trib position that 1 Thes. 5:2-3
refers to the rapture of the church at the beginning of the 7-year period
of Daniel's 70th week, which they call the tribulation. However, the
"destruction" type circumstances which are mentioned at 1 Thes. 5:3 do not
occur at the beginning of the week and in fact will not occur until
sometime after the midpoint of the week, after the beast begins his
oppressive reign as described by Jesus at Mat. 24:9-29. Even though,
according to this viewpoint, the seals describe this "destruction" type
activity which would take place during the first half of the week, such an
interpretation does not allow for the time of general peace and security
which is established by the covenant and takes place at the same time. In
other words, it seems inconsistent to have the world ruler establish peace
through the covenant that is established and during the same time period
have "sudden destruction" come upon them all. This appears to be a strong
hurdle for the pre-trib position to overcome.

THE POST-TRIB POSITION

According to this viewpoint, the Day of the Lord occurs at the end of the
week in connection with the battle of Armageddon as described at Revelation
19:11. Accordingly, they would have us believe that the peace and safety of
1 Thes. 5:3 is a "longing" for it rather than a present condition. Gundry
writes, "the very form of the statement suggests that peace and safety will
not be the actual condition of the world preceding the day of the Lord, but
the expressed 'wish' and /or 'expectation' of men, which God will answer
with a blow of judgment" (The Church and the Tribulation, page 92).
However, it is better to suggest that the "form" of the statement does not
"require" a condition of peace and safety, but rather "suggests" the 
opposite. Therefore, it is the overall context which must be considered and
it is unlikely that simply a strong desire for peace and safety would have
the capacity to "lull the world to sleep." Furthermore, it certainly
appears that Matthew 24:38 should be viewed as a parallel passage and it
describes a "condition" of economic and social "comfort" rather than just a
"longing" for such. Gundry continues, "Perhaps just before Armageddon there
will be a lull, a seeming end of world upheaval, which will excite men's
hopes for the peace which has so long eluded them (as suggested by the
three-and-a-half days' merriment in Rev. 11:7-11)." This is indeed a valid
point, but does not explain the language at Matthew 24:38, "Eating and
drinking and marrying" which certainly views a period of time much greater
than 3 1/2 days. It therefore appears to this writer that the post-trib
position does not adequately deal with the "condition" of peace and safety
which will exist BEFORE the Day of the Lord arrives.

THE PRE-WRATH POSITION

Some think that this idea of "peace and security" existing prior to
Christ's return mitigates against the pre-wrath rapture view, because it is
suggested that such a condition could not exist during the oppressive reign
of the beast. But when kept in perspective, it poses no problem at all and,
in fact, fits smoothly into the pre-wrath scenario. When we realize that the
participants of this "peace and security" are the multitude of beast
worshipers who are existing under the umbrella of his economic controls and
prior to the trumpets and bowls of God's wrath, then the contexts of
Matthew 24:38 and 1 Thess. 5:3 meld perfectly with the pre-wrath position.

What, then, is the nature of this "peace and security" that the world will be
enjoying and that lulls them to sleep so that Christ's return at the Day of
the Lord will come upon them unexpectantly like a thief in the night?

First of all, let's recognize that at any given point in history, there
have always been those who have suffered. Political and religious
oppression; economic hardship; cultural persecution; environmental
discomfort; sickness and disease; wars and rumors of war.

All this describes the beginning of birth pains that Jesus mentioned at
Matthew 24:6-8. Since AD 70 these historical trends have been occurring and
intensifying so that today we find ourselves still in the midst of "wars
and rumors of war," just as Gabriel told Daniel would happen as recorded at
Daniel 9:26,

"Then after the sixty-two weeks the Messiah will be cut off [the cross] and
have nothing [no earthly kingdom], and the people [Romans] of the prince
[future world ruler] who is to come will destroy the city and the sanctuary
[70 AD]. And its [Jerusalem's] end is with a flood; and unto the end [the
final week] THERE WILL BE WAR; a decree of desolations [Jerusalem trodden
underfoot]."

In fact, the great focal point for these wars and rumors is the Middle
East, where we have the daily confrontations between the Jewish and Arab
populations and the ever-present threat of war.

What, then, if an international political body with its roots in ancient
Rome and dominated by one very powerful and ingenious leader, brings to an
end these "wars and rumors of war" especially in the Middle East? What if a
military and religious peace accord is established that removes all fears
and threats of war, and mandates religious toleration not only in
Palestine but throughout the whole world as well? We find at Daniel 9:27,
language that seems to dictate just such a peace accord being established
by one who is designated as a powerful prince with his political roots in
Rome.

"And he will establish a covenant with the many for one week [7 years]."

The covenant he establishes is specifically for a 7-year period of time
(one week of seven one-year long "days"). It seems that we should view this 7
years as an inherent part of the covenant since, in the middle of the week
(3 1/2 years from the start), the covenant is broken. It also appears that
"the many" with whom the covenant is established would better apply to the
PEOPLES of the Middle East rather than limiting it to just Israel.

The exact nature of the 7-year time factor cannot, of course, be determined
at this time. It may be something like a trial period, which would be
reviewed at the end, but an honest and objective approach to the language
here, that recognizes a covenant being established and broken, must also
recognize that a 7-year duration is inherent within its paragraphs.

Furthermore, the fact that the ruler who makes the covenant, puts a stop to
sacrifices and grain offerings 3 1/2 years later, suggests that the nature
of the covenant in the first place, is related to authorization for the
Jews to worship via a functional sanctuary where sacrifices and offerings
would be utilized. Thus, the Middle East Peace and Toleration Accord
(M.E.P.T.A.) is as good a title as any.

We know that the beast is revealed at the midpoint of the 7-year week and
takes his seat in the temple of God, displaying himself as God (2 Thess.
2:4). It is easy then, to correlate this with Matthew 24:15 where Jesus
tells about "the abomination of desolation, standing in the Holy Place"
(where it does not belong, Mark 13:14). For this man to thus take his seat
in the Temple of God and announce himself as being God, it follows
naturally that he would at that time put a stop to the sacrifices and
offerings which were authorized by the covenant. So it is in the context of
M.E.P.T.A that we find "peace and security" in Palestine, and perhaps by
application throughout the rest of the world as well.

In the middle of the 7-year covenant, the "Roman" ruler, through the power
of Satan, puts a stop to the accord's religious toleration clause and
effectively takes THE peace from the earth. This very possibly corresponds
with the Second Seal of Rev. 6:3-4. However, for those who will agree to beast
worship through Operation 666 (whatever that might be), the peace and
security of the accord will be perpetuated as these worshipers are promised
buying and selling freedom and basic economic security (Rev. 13:16-17).
Thus, as Rev. 13:3-4 records, hyperbolically, "the whole earth was amazed
about the beast; and they worshipped the dragon (Satan, Rev. 12:9), because
he gave his authority to the beast; and they worshipped the beast."

It is thus within this context that these beast worshipers are proclaiming
"peace and security," and are "eating and drinking and marrying" under the
umbrella of the beast's economic controls. And it is this environment that
lulls them to sleep so that "the Day of the Lord will come just like a
thief in the night, while they are saying, 'peace and security,' then
destruction comes suddenly upon them like birth pains upon a woman with
child, and they shall not escape."

This "sudden destruction" refers to the administration of divine wrath
which will be poured out via the trumpets and bowls and which is announced
via the Sixth Seal of Rev. 6:12-17. The administration of the first four trumpet
judgments will, in themselves, effectively disrupt the environment of peace
and safety as they represent great disruption to the economic and
ecological environment.

The people of the world have just an inkling of what to expect when the Day
of the Lord occurs and therefore express great fear and terror when they
see the Lord come into the earth's atmosphere and parade across the skies
of the world in power and great glory

Mat. 24:29-30
"But immediately after the tribulation of those days THE SUN WILL BE
DARKENED, AND THE MOON WILL NOT GIVE ITS LIGHT, AND THE STARS WILL FALL
from the sky, and the powers of the heavens will be shaken, and then the
sign of the Son of Man will appear in the sky, and then all the tribes of
the earth will mourn, and they will see the SON OF MAN COMING ON THE CLOUDS
OF THE SKY with power and great glory.

Luke 21:25-27
"And there will be signs in the sun and moon and stars, and upon the earth
dismay among nations, in perplexity at the roaring of the sea and the
waves, men fainting from fear and the expectation of the things which are
coming upon the world; for the powers of the heavens will be shaken. "And
then they will see THE SON OF MAN COMING IN A CLOUD with power and great
glory.


Rev. 6:12-17
And I looked when He broke the sixth seal, and there was a great
earthquake; and the sun became black as sackcloth {made} of hair, and the
whole moon became like blood; and the stars of the sky fell to the earth,
as a fig tree casts its unripe figs when shaken by a great wind. And the
sky was split apart like a scroll when it is rolled up; and every mountain
and island were moved out of their places. And the kings of the earth and
the great men and the commanders and the rich and the strong and every
slave and free man, hid themselves in the caves and among the rocks of the
mountains; and they said to the mountains and to the rocks, "Fall on us and
hide us from the presence of Him who sits on the throne, and from the wrath
of the Lamb; for the great day of their wrath has come; and who is able to
stand?"

There is no "peace and security" during the time of the Lord's wrath. The
beast is unable to fulfill his promise to provide economic stability to the
peoples who worship him and the nations begin to rebel and kick against his
authority. And even though the beast provides a smattering of relief by
killing the "two witnesses" at the end of the week, this falls far short of
reversing the major economic and environmental judgments which are killing
people all over the world. This rebellion of nations then leads to the
final world war and the final battle in the valley of Judgment on the
plains of Esdraelon beneath the mountain (har) of Megiddo. It is then,
while these nations are converging into Palestine to fight against each
other, that Jesus Himself will enter the fray with his army of angels to
judge and wage war (Rev. 19:11-21).


*****************************************

^ 

The Wolf Wolf Factor
By Todd Strandberg

Most everyone is familiar with the story about the boy who cried wolf. The
mischievious shepherd boy repeatedly sends the herdsmen running with his false
alarms. When a real wolf finally does come prowling, no one responds to the
boy's cry for help.

In recent years, I've noticed a good deal of false cries of the prophetic
kind. We're in the midst of a sharp increase in the number of false
predictions concerning Jesus Christ's second coming. I believe this trend
is an indication that Satan is attempting to suppress prophetic wariness
ahead of the tribulation hour.

One of the main reasons why the devil is promoting date setting is because
Bible prophecy already tells us what Satan's final plans are, and the devil
knows he needs to discredit the Bible before he can fully setup his demonic
kingdom.

I've always taken note of any new predictions where some individual or
group is claiming to know the exact time of Jesus Christ's return. Despite
the fact that our Lord said, "Watch therefore for ye know not what hour
your Lord doth come," (Matt 24:42) people are still trying to figure out the
magic date.

Because every one of these predictions ends up being wrong, it's quite clear
the devil is the one who originates them. False predictions certainly could
not have come from God's guidance. The Bible requires 100% accuracy
as the test of whether or not something is divinely prophesied:

When a prophet speaketh in the name of the Lord, if the thing follow not,
nor come to pass, that is the thing which the Lord hath not spoken...Deut
18:22

In the past, after someone forecast Christ's return and obviously turned
out to be wrong, there followed a period of prophetic inactivity. People
were naturally disillusioned with the passing of the date and yet no Second
Coming. However, today -- as soon as one prognosticator  fails -- another one
will quickly take his place.

Back in the 1800's a major Second Coming prediction appeared to occur
about every 30-40 years. In the 1970's and 80's someone was claiming they
knew when Jesus Christ was coming about every four years. Currently, I see a
trend where predictions are being made several times a year.

I cannot think of any other time period that has more signs pointing to
Jesus' Second Coming. Yet - strangely -- at the same time, end time fatigue is
also at very high levels. Even the way new dates are proclaimed shows the
strain. Prognosticators at one time would openly set dates. Now because of
the growing history of failed predictions, they just "suggest" dates.

Erroneous date setting has a profoundly negative affect on non-believers.
The failings of Christians has always been a favorite excuse used by the
lost to explain away their unsaved and unprepared condition. If you
ask them why they don't believe, they'll point to crooked TV preachers.
If you ask them, "Are you ready for Jesus' soon return?" they will tell
you, "Oh, people have always been saying Jesus is coming soon."

As it is with everyone who practices treachery, the devil has one huge
problem. If people become aware of his true intentions, instead of working
to deceive us, the devil's every act only works to warn us. Paul the
Apostle said that believers would not be in darkness. (1 Thess 5:4)

As we draw closer to the end of the age, I believe Satan will continue to
motivate people into crying "wolf!" So as the cries grows louder and folks in
general become more desensitized to the return of Our Lord, we that
are watchful for Jesus' return should be watchful all the more.

Therefore be ye ready: for in such an hour as ye think not the Son of man
cometh  (Mat 24:44)

Check out Todd's website, The Rapture Index.

*****************************************

^ 



Sure has been a lot of weird weather lately!
By Steven Wright

>From his book, Weather Modification and UFO's


And there shall be signs in the sun, and in the moon, and in the stars; and
upon the earth distress of nations, with perplexity; the seas and the waves
roaring...(Luke 21:25-26)

Every year since 1988 -- not only in America, but worldwide -, we have broken
all-time records of natural disasters. It's as if Bible prophecy has been
put on fast forward. Things are greatly escalating and what the world is
witnessing is only the beginning of what is to come.

World record weather patterns changed so much in 1988 that Time magazine's
cover story the week of January 2, 1989 read, "EARTH: Planet of the Year."

>From the St. Petersburg Times, October 22, 1995: "This will be remembered
as one of the deadliest as well as one of the costliest seasons since
record-keeping began in 1871." Scientists have now recorded 300 MPH winds.
Wind speeds are greatly escalating.

          (Parts of Polk County were hit with storm winds of 75
          mph as fist-size hail damaged rooftops and automobiles
          on March 30, 1996. A brother in New Jersey wrote, "We
          have never seen it that bad even up here!" - editor)

In 1993 the United States saw the worst flooding on record. The Mississippi
River was more than 52 feet above normal in some places. 8.6 million acres
were under water. In addition, 1993 also saw the worst flooding on record
on a global scale.

At the same time the Northeast experienced record heat. New York City had
100-degree temperatures. Also in July, 1993, CBN News reported record cold.
Idaho had 39 degrees below zero. They also reported September 23, 1994 
that 9 out of 10 worst natural disasters in America have happened since 1989. 
This has since been updated to 11 out of 12.

According to the National Affairs section of Newsweek, January 22, 1996,
"As blizzards go, last week's snow was bad enough. But some scientists warn
that the paralyzing storm may be a sign of catastrophic global warming. If
they're right, weather will turn really extreme - more floods, worse
hurricanes, longer droughts, and yes, heat waves."

On July 9, 1996, NBC News reported, "very strange weather patterns all over
the planet."

WHAT IS GOING ON?

One might wonder,  is the sky is really falling? has our climate gone hay-wire?
According to a new 320-page report by the United Nations, "the world is
getting dangerously close to the edge."

Could it be that God is trying to get our attention, or could it be that
Leviticus 18:25 is being fulfilled?

          "And the land is defiled: therefore I do visit the
          iniquity upon it, and the land ITSELF vomiteth out her
          inhabitations"
 
is a clear reference to natural upheavals being the result of a nation which 
turns its back on God.

Or could it be that man, having so long tried to play God, may have
somehow developed the technology to actually effect weather patterns?
Consider the following reports.

SECRET WEAPONS

In 1975 Professor Gordon MacDonald, of Dartmouth College and President
Johnson's Science Advisor, testified before a Senate subcommittee
concerning weather modification. Dr. MacDonald, who also served with the
Institute of Geo-Physical and Planetary Physics at UCLA, admitted that
"Scientific ability exists to steer hurricanes, modify and create
earthquakes, manipulate polar ice caps and guide tidal waves."

The Washington Post stated on February 1981 "the exact parallel between
weather pattern changes since the Soviets began testing electromagnetic
technology, literally from the first day."

According to the New York Times on June 21, 1977, a 40-ton magnet had been
shipped to a group of scientists in the Soviet Union. The device could be
used to generate a magnetic field 250,000 times stronger than that of
planet Earth. This is not science fiction, ladies and gentlemen, but
reality. This Magneto-Hydro-Dynamic generator (MHD) gave the Soviets even
more ability to override, black out and interfere with earth's own natural
magnetic field which we (mankind) are already disturbing.

We do know for a fact that Soviet and American scientists have for several
decades been working on and developing "scalar electromagnetic technology."
In fact it is my view, having researched this area for a number of years
now, that it was this technology which created the massive flooding in the
mid-west during the summer of 1993.

"As a consequence of the Soviet breakthrough and decades of feverish
development, monstrous strategic weapons undreamed of in the West are
already in Soviet hands," says the researcher who has made this profound
discovery. "A noose is slowly and steadily being tightened about our
throats, and it is already the 11th hour." T. E. Bearden, a retired Army
Lt. Colonel, has researched this topic for 22 years.

Without getting overly technical, Bearden explains that scalar
electromagnetics is an extension of present electromagnetics, or EM, to
include gravitation. It is a unified engineering theory whose basis was
discovered by Nicola Tesla.

Years ahead of his time, Dr. Tesla (1856-1943) was a genius in electronics
and electromagnetic technology. Following are a few of his credentials: He
worked personally with Thomas Edison. He had 900 patents to his name. He
discovered the simple AC current. He had 14 doctoral degrees.

Dr. Tesla stated that "By the year 2000 AD science could manipulate and
alter the jet stream and control the wind and create patterns in high and
low pressure systems."

"In 1976, the Soviets began transmitting powerful chirping signals in the
3-30 megahertz band. Though several nations protested, the powerful signals
continue today." Bearden wrote in a briefing report. He maintains that it
was through this kind of weather engineering in 1982 that the Soviets
induced the anomalous El Nino condition that upset weather patterns
throughout the world for a full year.

"The last decade has seen weather so anomalous that it could only occur
once in 1200 years by chance," he says. "It has not been due to normal
chance, but by Soviet weather engineering."

Once again, we see how these scalar weapons fit so neatly into the
prophetic scenario. If, indeed, they can be used to manipulate the climate
and weather patterns, it would explain much of the crazy weather conditions
we have experienced in recent years. It would also fulfill predictions by
Jesus that in the last days such things would occur. Though God could
certainly cause those effects Himself, possibly He is allowing man to
provide for his own destruction. Stay tuned. And pray for our planet.

EDITOR'S NOTE:
Steven Wright will be one of our guest speakers at the PropheZine
International Prophecy Conference that is going to be held in Los Angles
California area on Sept 19-21, 1997. For more information on this exciting
conference, go to http://www.prophezine.com/conference


*****************************************

^ 

Millennial Fever
By: Karen Richardson


The world keeps turning and sin has its way.
Violence, perversion and hate come to play.
Men kill with guns and nuclear arms.
Some look for answers in tea leaves and charms.

The world is lost and, like babes all alone,
The frightened young children, they dread the unknown.
They seek to find answers and know what's ahead
By asking a palmist to help calm their dread.

Millennial fever has spread far and wide.
Few have taken its advent in stride.
The year 2000 is soon to be here
And rumors abound that it won't bring good cheer.

The answers they seek for the questions they find
Are not tucked away in the subconscious mind.
Christ is the answer in a world wild with pain.
He's soon returning and on earth will He reign.

He's coming back soon to rapture His Church.
He never would leave His Bride in the lurch.
Judgment will fall on sin one more time,
Then He's coming to reign as the King so sublime!

Karen Richardson


*****************************************

^ 

PropheZine NewsBytes

TWO FILIPINO CHRISTIANS BEHEADED BY SAUDI ARABIA
Former Cellmate Says Men Executed for Christian Witness, Not Robbery

By Barbara G. Baker
COMPASS DIRECT

ISTANBUL, July 16 (Compass)--Two Filipino Christians involved in Bible
studies and Christian prayers in the Saudi prison where they were jailed
were beheaded by the sword on May 4 in Riyadh.

According to a May 5 article in the Saudi newspaper "Al-Jazeerah, Ruel
Janda and Arnel BELTRAN were convicted and executed for "forced armed
robbery by order 4/462 of the Supreme Judicial Council of Saudi Arabia.
During the alleged incident in a Riyadh shop, the paper said, the two were
accused of  striking an employee on the head with an iron bar.

Saudi Arabia strictly enforces Islamic law by publicly executing convicted
murderers, drug smugglers, rapists and armed robbers.

However, a former cellmate of the executed men has declared that the two
Catholic Christians were jailed more than two years ago on fabricated
charges. According to recently released prisoner Donato Lama, the men were
most likely executed because of  the particularly active Christian witness
of Janda among fellow Filipino cellmates.

Lama, who was jailed in Section Four of the Al-Malaz Prison with Janda and
BELTRAN until his release March 28, told Compass by telephone from the
Philippines that the charges of armed robbery against the two men were
"false and fabricated. "There had been an argument at the store where they
worked, Lama said, "and a fight broke out between them and some Pakistani
and Egyptian nationals. Afterwards, they took revenge against Ruel and
Arnel by accusing them of stealing from the store. The two executed men had
been in prison since April 7, 1995.

Lama said he had met Janda and BELTRAN during his own lengthy imprisonment
in the same prison, where he was being held on charges of "promoting
Christianity in Saudi Arabia. A computer programmer for Saudia airlines,
Lama was arrested when police discovered a snapshot of him praying with
other expatriate Christians in Riyadh on Christmas Day, 1984.

During their incarceration together, Lama said, he had grown "very close in
faith to Janda and several other Christian Filipinos.

Lama said that he and Janda were both locked into an isolation cell with a
Saudi madman in September and October of 1996, after Muslim Filipino
cellmates reported them to the guards for conducting Bible studies and
praying with other prisoners in the cell. After the eight-week ordeal, he
said, they were warned that another complaint against them would result in
"a severe and ultimate punishment. After 17 months in prison and 70 lashes,
Lama was released and flew back to the Philippines on March 28 of this year.

After the executions of Janda and BELTRAN were reported, Filipino Christian
inmate Rene H. Camahort sent a letter out of Al-Malaz Prison, confirming
the probable motivation for executing Janda.

"He was the one who started Bible studies here, the prisoner wrote on May
20. "As you know, it is prohibited for us Christians to even pray here.
Nevertheless, he was not intimidated, despite countless times that he was
put in isolation cells. Camahort went on to state that the prisoners in
Section Four were undergoing "a lot of difficult times and were "all very
tense after the May 4 beheadings. Amnesty International reported on May 23
that 21
executions had been carried out in Saudi Arabia within the previous 26 days.

Imprisoned since August 15, 1995, Camahort worked for a Riyadh travel
agency until he was arrested on what he called in his letter "fabricated
charges of forgery. Although his one-year prison sentence has long since
been served, Camahort was reportedly ordered to pay the 48,000 Rials that
he had been accused of swindling from his company, plus a 1,000 Rial court
fine, totaling $13,000.

According to Lama, Camahort had come "very close to God during their many
months together in prison. Lama said that once when a prison guard
threatened Camahort to stop talking about Christian things in the cell,
Camahort replied, "You can even take my head. We will all die, so it
doesn't matter, because I know where I stand with God. "He has also been
put in that terrible isolation cell, Lama said of Camahort, "because he has
become the spiritual leader of the Christian believers in the cell, taking
my place. He became even stronger after I left, fighting for those who
became spiritually worn down, and supporting them in their faith, he said.

Married with five children, the 39-year-old Camahort declared in his last
letter, "I do not regret my imprisonment nor consider it as a misfortune,
because I know why I am here. I have a purpose, and I will serve [Christ]
even if it means that I will never go out.
-   END   -
**********
Compass Direct Flash News is distributed as available to raise awareness of
and encourage prayer for Christians worldwide who are persecuted for their
faith.

For subscription information:

Compass Direct
PO Box 27250
Santa Ana CA 92799
USA
TEL: 714-862-0300
FAX: 714-752-6536
compassdr@compuserve.com


+++++++++++++++++++++++++++

The following is from the web page of the Ethics & Religious Liberty
Commission of the Southern Baptist Convention.  Please see their web page
for more information on the "wonderful world" of Disney.


The Case Against Disney (Posted 7-2-97)

Twenty-three reasons (and counting) to beware of the "Magic Kingdom"

By David Miller

Editor's Note: The Disney Company has the potential to do much good, and it
has. Likewise, Disney also has the power to do enormous harm - and it has.

Recently, the Southern Baptist Convention called for a boycott on Disney
products and subsidiaries.  Because of Disney's family-safe reputation, we
asked David Miller, director of the American Family Association of Tarrant
County, Texas, to provide Freedom Club members with a list of reasons to
avoid Disney, according to national AFA research. He gave us many more than
we could print here.

CHILDREN'S ANIMATED MOVIES

     In Pocahontas, Disney censored the historical fact that the heroine in
the story converted from paganism to Christianity. Instead, the film
glorified pagan earth-worship.

OTHER MOVIES

     Disney signed Martin Scorsese, the director of The Last Temptation of
Christ, Casino, Taxi Driver and many other hard-edged films to a
4-year-contract. Daily Variety, 1/30/96

     Disney hired Victor Salva, a convicted child molester, to direct  its
movie Powder. When Salva's victim, Nathan Winters (now 20),  publicized the
hiring, some of the police officers who investigated  the 1987 molestation
were incredulous that Salva was working again as  a movie director. "It
just blows me away," said Officer Gary Primavera. "He has serious signs of
being a pedophile." One Disney official, John  Dreyer, refused to respond
to Winter's demand that Disney fire Salva,  saying, "What's the point other
than you want to make headlines?"  That's compassion for you. Washington
Times, 10/25/95

     Disney considers buying Ripe, a movie about the deflowering of
14-year-old twins. Newsweek 2/12/96

     Disney hired Kevin Smith to produce two movies: Dogma, which attacks
Christianity by asserting that Christian beliefs are little more than
mythology, and Chasing Amy about a man's pursuit of a lesbian.  Daily
Variety, 11/3/95

     Mark Gill, the president of Disney-owned Miramax admitted that his
company thrives on racy, often violent promotion for its movies.  Daily
Variety 9/13/95

     Disney-owned Miramax released the homosexual movie, Lie Down with
Dogs. Daily Variety, 5/16/95

     Priest (Miramax) is a pro-homosexual movie which depicts five Catholic
priests as perverts and blames their perversion on Church teachings. One
priest is a homosexual; a second an adulterer; a third  an alcoholic; a
fourth demented; and the fifth just plain mean and  vicious. The Advocate,
4/4/95, 4/18/95; Family Issues Alert, 3/30/95

     Pulp Fiction (Miramax) is a seedy, hyper-violent movie starring John
Travolta. It had an NC-17 rating before editing gave it an R rating.
Entertainment Weekly, 6/10/94; Daily Variety, 6/15/94

     The Advocate (Miramax) is filled with nudity, the movie was rated
NC-17 (formerly the X rating) but on appeal (and after cutting out a 12-
second sex scene) it was given an R.  Daily Variety, 8/17/94

     Kids (Miramax) was described by Variety magazine as "one of the most
controversial American movies ever made." According to Newsweek, "The film
follows a number of barely pubescent-looking boys and girls around New York
City as they smoke pot, bait gays, beat a black man and engage in graphic
sex. "Under pressure Miramax formed an independent company to market and
distribute the pornographic movie."  Daily Variety, 1/27/95; Newsweek,
2/20/95; Wall Street Journal, 3/30/95; Associated Press, 6/29/95

     Chicks in White Satin (Hollywood Pictures) is a film about a lesbian
couple who decide on a semitraditional "commitment celebration."  Glamour,
8/9/94

     Jefferson in Paris (Disney backed) spreads the smear (initiated by
political rivals, but discounted by historians) that Thomas Jefferson
fathered children by a 13-year-old slave girl. Insight, 12/5/94

TELEVISION, CHILDREN AND FAMILY VALUES

     Disney recently bought Capital Cities/ABC for $19 billion. On March
19, ABC aired a Dana Carvey Show program which featured jokes and laughter
about alcohol abuse and cocaine addiction. The same show had  Carvey
portray George Washington using cocaine and Ben Franklin in bed  with
another man. The same program had a cartoon skit entitled "The  Ambiguously
Gay Duo" in which two Superman-style heroes are homosexual  lovers and
drive a super car shaped like male genitalia. Finally, a  "Celebrity
Bloopers" spoof featured 17 uses of the F-word (bleeped out,  of course;
but its intent was clear).

     For the 1995 Christmas season, Disney dropped its 17-year-old "Glory
and Pageantry of Christmas" display (one of Disney's few concessions to
the fact that Christmas is Christian) near Disney World in Orlando,
Florida,  and replaced it with "Tropical Santa."

PEOPLE, POLICIES AND THE HOMOSEXUAL AGENDA

     Disney helped underwrite the 1993 Hollywood benefit for the National
Gay and Lesbian Task Force. The Press Enterprise, 12/28/93

     Disney hired avowed lesbian Lauren Lloyd for the specific purpose of
developing female and lesbian movies. OUT magazine, a homosexual
publication, praised Disney:   "Like it or not, lesbians are not yet chic
entertainment attractions for a lot of America. With Lloyd and Disney on
our side, though, anything is possible."  OUT, 11/94

     According to monitoring by American Family Association, Disney has
been one of the top sponsors of pro-homosexual TV programming.

    In the May, 1995, issue of Buzz magazine, contributing editor Steven
Gaines writes, in an article entitled "Disney Comes Out of the Closet,"
that Disney has the "largest lesbian and gay employees organization in the
entertainment industry."

     In June, 1996, the company hosted the 6th annual "Gay and Lesbian Day
at Walt Disney  World." In a cartoon Disney allowed the homosexual
organizers to portray Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck as homosexual lovers;
and Minnie Mouse and Daisy Duck as lesbians.

     Disney has extended company health benefits to live-in partners of
homosexual employees (the policy does not cover unmarried heterosexual
couples who live together).  The Orlando Sentinel, 10/7/95; USA Today,
10/19/95; Daily Variety, 10/9/95

      Hyperion Press, a Disney-owned subsidiary, has published "Lettin' It
All Hang Out," the autobiography of RuPaul, a well-known "drag queen"
(transvestite) entertainer.

     Hyperion Press also published "Growing Up Gay." Written by three
homosexual comedians, the book is written to encourage "gay" young people.

According to Harper's magazine (12/95), Hyperion is planning to publish
Daniel Harris' book about "gay culture."
-------------------------

Southern Baptist Convention
Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission
901 Commerce
Suite 550
Nashville, Tennessee 37203-3696

http://www.erlc.com/Culture/Disney/disney.htm#The Case Against Disney

-- -- -- --

To contact the Walt Disney Company, write or call:

Michael Eisner, Chairman
500 South Buena Vista Street
Burbank, CA 91521
(818) 560-1000

===============================================
The Source of this Article

This article is adapted from The Freedom Club Report, a monthly newsletter
published for supporters of Point of View Radio Talk Show.

Point of View Radio Talk Show uses the powerful tools of live, daily,
national talk radio to defend Biblical Christian worldview and to proclaim
Christian solutions for the problems of America.  Point of  View - and its
parent ministry, International Christian Media (ICM) - aims to restore the
greatness of Christian thought and values to every  area of American life
using cutting-edge communication formats,  including satellite talk radio,
publications, audio tapes, and computer  networking.

Point of View is a non-profit ministry which serves because of the gifts of
like-minded Christians throughout the nation.

Copyright/Reproduction Limitations

This document is the sole property of International Christian Media. It may
not be altered or edited in any way. It may be circulated without charge if
reproduced in its entirety. All reproductions of this document  must
contain the copyright notice (i.e., Copyright [Date] International
Christian Media) and this Copyright/Limitations notice. This document may
not be used for resale (or the enhancement of any product sold) without
the written permission of International Christian Media.

(c) 1997 International Christian Media. ------

Southern Baptist Convention
Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission
901 Commerce
Suite 550
Nashville, Tennessee 37203-3696

http://www.erlc.com/Culture/Disney/disney.htm#The Case Against Disney

=====================================================



+++++++++++++++++++++++++++

I was VERY surprised when I read this. This list shows the direction this
world is going. In 2 Timothy 3:1-7 we are told about how man will act in
the last days. This list confirms that fact.


This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come.
For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud,
blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy,
Without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent,
fierce, despisers of those that are good,
Traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God;
Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: from such turn
away.
For of this sort are they which creep into houses, and lead captive silly
women laden with sins, led away with divers lusts,
Ever learning, and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth.
Timothy 3:1-7
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
The following list was produced by the Young America's Foundation
<www.yaf.org>.

Warning: this list is not for the faint of heart and is adult in content!

1996-97 Top 10 Politically Correct Campus Events
Young America's Foundation _Libertas_, May-June 1997, page 8

10. For proponents of "tolerance" at Dartmouth, some things are just not
worth tolerating - like Christmas carols! After a long tradition of the
school's glee club performing at its Christmas tree lighting ceremony,
administrators pulled the plug. The glee club's offense: including  "Silent
Night," "Hark the Herald Angels Sing," and "O Come All Ye  Faithful" in a
proposed repertoire of songs. Christians songs at the  _Christmas_ tree
lighting were "inconsistent with having the event be one at which persons
of all faiths -- and non-religious persons -- would feel  welcome," claimed
administrator Olivia Chapman.

9. It's 1997 throughout the world - except at the University of
Massachusetts-Amherst where faculty still live in _1984_. The school has
instituted a new program that makes ideology a determinant of career
progress. Professors must fill out a questionnaire explaining how they
have made "significant contributions to multiculturalism in your
department, school or college, or the campus." The form will help decide
faculty promotions and raises.

8. The president of Berkeley - the school that launched the free speech
movement of the 1960s - remained silent as radicals stole 23,000 copies of
the school's student newspaper after it dared to editorialize in favor of
ending racial preferences and quotas.

7. Have nothing to protest? Then import a Klansman! In an attempt to
discredit the California Civil Rights Initiative, Leftist activists and
the President of Cal State-Northridge invited David Duke to campus to
debate racial preferences. Many of the same activists who were
instrumental in inviting Duke to campus then rioted in response to the
former Klansman's visit.

6. _National Review_ Editor John O'Sullivan was surrounded, berated, and
assaulted by an angry Leftist mob after delivering a speech at Yale on the
divisive politics of liberalism. The near-riot broke out in response to
caricatures that appeared on National Review's cover of the First Lady,
Vice President and President with Oriental features and dressed in Asian
garb. O'Sullivan received a police escort to a car that was mobbed and
hammered by radical activists.

5. At Penn State, religious expression seems only available to those who
hate religion. After banning a Christmas tree from the University's Old
Main Hall, faculty and administrators defended a campus sculpture which
depicted a bloodied Virgin Mary submerged in female genitalia.

4. University of Hawaii Professor Ramdas Lamb ran afoul of campus
feminists by stating that there are two sides to sexual harrassment cases.
Lamb soon had complaints against him that he "created a hostile
environment" in the classroom. A groundless accusation that he was a
"serial rapist" followed and Lamb was relieved of his duties as an advisor
and was forbidden from grading papers. He was besieged with death threats,
denounced in classes by professors, and was mailed a picture of a bloody,
decapitated lamb's head. A jury in a local court took ten minutes to
decide the charges against Lamb were a hoax. The university has not
punished his accuser and her primary faculty ally has been rewarded by
being considered for tenure. "Even the fact that I have been found
innocent is irrelevant to a lot of people," Lamb said. "Campuses have
become a surrealistic, perverted place."

3. Swarthmore College administrators balked at a suggestions by school
alumni that the inclusion of a pornographic screed set up like a
children's book was inappropriate in an introductory English course.
_Memories that Smell Like Gasoline_ contains over a dozen drawings of
perverse sexual acts including homosexual group sex, child molestation,
and "fisting."

2. Why do colleges and universities need more tax dollars? To finance
political activism in the classroom, of course! When Californians weighed
in against preferences and quotas by voting for Proposition 209, Berkeley
Professor June Jordan lead her "Poetry for the People" class in a "hunger
strike" outside CNN studios. Demanding one hour of air time to address the
nation, Jordan and her 19 students shouted poetry to passersby in downtown
San Francisco. "Today my hunger trembles with an early morning song, to
bring a message: what about this country smells so wrong?"  student Erwin
Cho-Woods asked. "My hunger sings, sings, sings, about diversity, not the
rape of Martin's legacy." Following CNN's rejection of Jordans' demands,
she explained, "I am asking [CNN] to look at these students. These
students are fasting. They are putting their lives on the line. That's
news." The class's "hunger strike" consisted of eating breakfast and
dinner while skipping lunch.

1. Annabel Chong, a porn queen who once held the world's record for the
number of sex partners in one day, now receives college credit for her
carnal exploits. Chong is enrolled as a student at the University of
Southern California where she was allowed to create her own major. In a
course last fall, Chong and two women undressed and performed sex acts on
one another for a class project. While Chong's actions were defended by
faculty, students were outraged. "The bottom line is a girl got penetrated
in a class ... for a grade," observed fine arts major Sandro  Corsaro.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++

RUSSIAN PRESIDENT VETOES NEW RELIGION BILL
By: COMPASS DIRECT

LONDON, July 23 (Compass)--Russian president Boris Yeltsin has refused to
sign the controversial Law on Freedom of Conscience and Religious
Organizations and today sent it back to parliament for further work. His
office declared that as it stands, some parts of the bill contradict the
Russian Constitution and violate international agreements on religious
freedom.

The bill had been passed 300 votes to 8 votes by the State Duma, the lower
house of the Russian parliament, on June 23. It was approved by the upper
house, the Federation Council, 112 votes to 4 votes on July 4, with one
abstention.

The bill had been vigorously supported by Russian Orthodox Church leaders,
but opposed by human rights and religious liberty activists within Russia.
Former parliamentary deputy Father Gleb Yakunin complained it was
"blatantly discriminatory and "oriented toward reinstating Soviet religious
policy.

It also encountered opposition from outside Russia. Pope John Paul II wrote
a personal letter to President Yeltsin on June 24 (made public by the
Vatican on July 17) complaining that the bill was "very restrictive
compared with the 1990 law on freedom of conscience which it would have
replaced.

The United States Senate voted on July 16 to reduce U.S. aid to Russia by
$200 million in 1998 if the bill became law.

Strong messages of concern were also sent by a number of countries,
including members of the European Union.

END
**********
Compass Direct Flash News is distributed as available to raise awareness of
and encourage prayer for Christians worldwide who are persecuted for their
faith.

For subscription information:

Compass Direct
PO Box 27250
Santa Ana CA 92799
USA
TEL: 714-862-0300
FAX: 714-752-6536
compassdr@compuserve.com


+++++++++++++++++++++++++++

^ 

F.Y.I. - Israel in the News
Week Ending: August 2, 1997/28 Tammuz 5757
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"For the L-rd will not abandon His people, nor will He forsake His
inheritance." Psalm 94.14
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

JERUSALEM BOMBING: At approximately 1:18 pm Wednesday two powerful
explosions were detonated within a time span of two minutes in the
crowded Machaneh Yehuda marketplace in central Jerusalem. Police say the
bombers chose a covered area near Jaffa Street ensuring that the maximum
destructive power was unleashed. 13 persons were murdered and more than
150 were wounded in the attack, many of whom are in critical or very
critical condition. The two terrorists wore black jackets with white
shirts and ties, facilitating their blending into the crowd. The two
explosions were 50 meters (55 yards) from one another. The bombs contained
as much as 15 kilograms (33 pounds) of explosive materials as well as
nails and metallic balls which caused serious injuries to civilians after
being projected by the force of the blasts.

The Izzadin el-Kassim military wing of Hamas has taken responsibility for
the attack. In a leaflet posted near the International Red Cross office
in Ram'Allah, Hamas demanded the release of its spiritual leader, Sheikh
Ahmed Yassin, Hizb'Allah leader Sheikh Abdul Karim Obeid, and other
security prisoners and administrative detainees. The leaflet said the
bombing "was a present from Mohammed's soldiers in response to the satanic
leaflet that the pigs distributed in Hevron," an apparent reference to the
leaflets depicting Mohammed as a pig allegedly posted by Tatiana Susskin
in Hevron. Senior Hamas activists stated, "we have burned your flags, now
we will burn your people and your country." Reports have said the remnants
of the bombs bore similarities to the explosives found earlier this month
in a bomb factory in Beit Sahur, just outside Jerusalem. While the
prevailing assessment was that the bombers were probably residents of the
territories, officials were not ruling out the possibility that the
bombers came from abroad, Channel 1 reported.

A closure was ordered by Prime Minister Netanyahu. In addition to Arab
residents of Palestinian Authority (PA) autonomous areas being barred
from entering into "Israel proper," they are also prohibited from
traveling from one area to another in Judea, Samaria and Gaza. VIP cards
and other passes normally permitting the holder to enter into Israel
during a closure were not honored Thursday. At this time it is unknown how
long the closure will remain. Intelligence officials report that
additional attempts to carry out an attack are likely in the near future.
The PA condemned Israel's closure of borders with PA-controlled
territories, describing the measures as "cruel" and "despotic crimes".

Meanwhile, Israel has authorized special army units to take action
against terrorist operations within Area A, the urban areas under full
control of the PA. Israel also issued an arrest warrant for Ghazi Jabali,
chief of the PA's police in the Judea and Samaria area, who Israel says
has been directly involved in planning terrorist attacks. In a press
conference Thursday, Jabali stated, "I must laugh" about Israel's plans
"to arrest me ... If undercover Israeli troops come [into PA-controlled
Shechem] to arrest me, they will not come back." Finally, Israel will
suspend all transfers of funds to the PA. [According to the Israeli
government, Israel has transferred about $950 million to the PA since
1994, including $220 million between January and May of 1997. These funds
make up about 63 percent of the PA's budget.] An aide to Arafat called the
decisions "a declaration of war against the [Palestinian] Authority."
Israel, meanwhile, has arrested a total of 79 Palestinians and taken them
in for questioning. (Arutz Sheva, IINS, Globes, MED, Jerusalem Post, ZINC,
JTA, AP)

ARAFAT'S THREATS RING TRUE: In an interview published last Saturday
(07-26-97) in an Arabic-language newspaper London, Arafat gave the
follow-ing statement: "I am giving a warning that complete chaos and war
will reign in the area if the government of Israel does not do something
to advance the peace process that it is stalling and if the US does not
act quickly to resolve the deadlock", he told the newspaper. Earlier in
the week, he told the London-based Arabic newspaper Al-Wasat, "All options
are open, and no one can humiliate the Palestinian people. Believe me: It
is either peace or chaos ..."

In another story, during a visit to Hevron Monday, Arafat called upon the
commanders of the Palestinian army-police to prepare themselves for a
prolonged struggle with Israel, demanding that the commanders show
greater firmness and resolution. Arafat also instructed his people to
continue to prevent the sale of houses and land to Jews. (Ha'Aretz, MED,
Arutz Sheva, ZINC)

VOICE OF PALESTINE CELEBRATES 'MILITARY OPERATION': The Israel Resource
News Agency reports on the content of the Palestinian Broadcasting
Corporation (PBC) broadcasts Wednesday. PBC radio news, the official
voice of the Palestine Authority reported the news of the bombs - not its
top story - as a "military operation," despite its having been aimed at a
civilian population, which included one Arab among its dead victims.
Yasser Arafat, who had been quoted widely on the Israeli and foreign
newscasts as condemning the attack, would not allow himself to be quoted
in Arabic as condemning the "operation". Meeting the Arab media in
Jericho, as he descended from his helicopter, Arafat said nothing to his
people that would discourage praise for the attack. Meanwhile, PBC radio
played victory music, military marches, and joyous music. And then PBC-TV
came on the air, televising a play which showed Arabs shooting at
Israelis. The PBC is partially funded by grants from the United States
Agency for International Development foreign assistance program. (Arutz
Sheva)

AND THE TERROR CONTINUES ...: Hevron continues to be the site of
Palestinian violence. An Israel Defense Force (IDF) patrol discovered the
remainders of a pipe bomb thrown from the H-1 (Palestinian) area into the
H-2 (Jewish) area. Jewish residents of the adjacent neighborhood heard
the blast in the course of the night. Four firebombs were thrown last
night in Hevron as well. No damage or injuries were reported. Four members
of the Knesset Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee were detained by PA
police at Hevron's Zechuchit Junction Sunday, after they mistakenly
entered into Area "A", controlled by the PA. They were released a short
time later by PA security officials.

A firebomb was thrown at a Jewish car near the Shomron community of Shilo
Monday night. No one was injured in the attack.

An Israeli soldier shot and killed a Palestinian Tuesday after he stabbed
another Israeli soldier near Elon Moreh. Galei Tzahal reports that the
man stood in the road to block an army jeep on patrol, then stabbed a
commander when he got out of the jeep. One of the other soldiers shot the
man, the statement said. The commander was not seriously injured. (Arutz
Sheva, IINS)

ARAFAT'S CABINET TO RESIGN: The Palestinian legislative council voted
overwhelmingly (57-1) to demand that Arafat disband his Cabinet within
one month. The council found that there has been extensive financial
abuses in all 18 PA ministries and recommended that three ministers stand
trial. Conspicuous in its absence in the report was an investigation of
the office of Chairman Arafat. All but two of the Cabinet minister offered
their resignations Friday, putting the final outcome in Arafat's hands.
The committee report was in response to a government audit that found
nearly half the PA's $800 million annual budget had been squandered
through corruption and mismanagement. (JTA, Arutz Sheva, AP)

TEMPLE MOUNT UPDATE: On Sunday, Yehuda Etzion, head of the Chai Vekaiyam
organization was arrested, along with two colleagues, for attempting to
go onto the Temple Mount in Jerusalem to pray. It was reported last week
that the President of the Jerusalem Magistrate's Court had issued a ruling
permitting Etzion to pray on the Temple Mount. However, the Court also
ruled the police may cancel the permit to pray if they feel it will lead
to violence. Police told Etzion and his colleagues they may not go onto
the Mount fearing a violent Arab reaction. Upon insisting that he and his
colleagues be permitted to go onto the Mount in accordance to normal
freedom of worship practices, he was placed under arrest along with his
colleagues. Etzion stated he will continue to fight until Jews are
permitted freedom of worship in the State of Israel. He also pointed out
that this discriminatory practice by Israel police would not be tolerated
by Jewish communities anywhere else in the free world. Following Arab
riots and attacks upon Jewish worshipers at the Western Wall, many critics
have asked why even when Arabs stone-throwers attack Jews from above on
the Temple Mount site, police moved in and forced Jews to leave [the
Western Wall] while Arabs continue to occupy the Temple Mount site with
impunity. Etzion stated this is a policy of anti-Semitism and religious
discrimination that will not be tolerated and he and his followers will
not be deterred by police.

Meanwhile, the Chairman of the Islamic Endowment in Jerusalem, Adnan Al
Husseini, has warned that Islam will never, under any circumstances,
agree to Jews praying on the Temple Mount. In an interview with Voice of
Palestine Radio, Husseini threatened to use violence against Jews if they
attempt to pray on the Temple Mount. He accused the rabbis of Yesha
(Judea, Samaria and Gaza) of being responsible for the attempts by Jews to
pray on the Mount. Additionally, the sheikh in the Al-Aqsa mosque attacked
the decision by the Supreme Court to allow Yehuda Etzion to pray on the
Temple Mount in last Friday's sermon. "We will not stand idly by,"
threatened the sheikh, "and we refuse to obey the decisions of this racist
court. The rabbis will not enter the Al-Aqsa mosque, not over our dead
bodies and shrouds." His speech was broadcast live on Voice of Palestine
Radio. Sheikh Hassan Takhboob, the PA official in charge of religious
affairs said the Wakf (Islamic Trust) will not allow any non-Muslim to
pray on the Temple Mount.

In another development, the archeological excavations at the King's
Valley project near the Western Wall of the Temple Mount have been
completed. The excavations took three years at a cost of 55 million
shekels ($18.5 million). Among the discoveries at the site: remnants of
Herodian edifices towards the end of the Second Temple and from the period
of the destruction of the Second Temple. In addition, drainage canals and
ritual baths used by pilgrims to Jerusalem were also found. The
Antiquities Authority declared that the excavations at the King's Valley
site are among the most important ever conducted in Israel. The site will
soon be opened to visitors, and it is estimated that a half a million
tourists will visit it each year. (IINS, Arutz Sheva, Kol Israel)

SYRIA PREPARING, ISRAEL NOT READY: IDF Chief of Staff Lt.-Gen. Amnon
Lipkin- Shachak told the Knesset Foreign Affairs and Security Committee
Tuesday that Syria is planning for war with Israel. He said that no
decision to go to war has yet been taken, but that Syria is willing to
make many sacrifices in order to surprise Israel. Labor Member of Knesset
(MK) Ephraim Sneh, Chairman of the Knesset Foreign Affairs and Security
Subcommittee, published a report according to which the IDF is not ready
for war, has no response to the threat of chemical warfare, and its
supplies of ammunition and vehicles have been eroded.

In other news, according to a Syrian newspaper, the government has stated
there is no chance of reaching a peace settlement between Syria and
Israel with the present Netanyahu-led administration. The Syrian paper
stated the government of Israel consistently makes moves that distance the
prospects of peace. (Arutz Sheva, IINS)

TURKEY TO AID ISRAEL IN CASE OF ATTACK: A Turkish newspaper, the Daily
Turkish, reported Tuesday that Israel and Turkey signed a compre-hensive
military cooperation agreement a few days ago. The newspaper reports
extensively on the details of the agreement, which, it says, include a
Turkish obligation to come to Israel's aid if the latter is attacked by
Iran, Iraq, or Syria. The IDF will be allowed to operate within Turkish
area in case of such an attack. (Arutz Sheva)

BILL PASSES TO SUSPEND PA AID: The US House of Representatives passed an
amendment last week which suspends aid to the PA for three months. The
bill insures that no aid be given the PA regardless of whether the MEPFA
(Middle East Peace Facilitation Act), due to expire on August 12, is
renewed. It also makes aid to the PA after the three-month period
contingent upon a Presidential report on efforts being made to have the
Palestinians comply with certain aspects of the Oslo agreements.
Congressman Jim Saxton (R-NJ), a co-sponsor of the bill, said, "One by
one, terrorist organizations under Arafat's thumb have systematically
violated each of the security provisions in the accords. There are
terrorist leaders serving as PA police, there is no confiscation of
illegal firearms, there are accounts of secret Latin American bank
accounts ... They were getting away with terrorism and getting rich all at
the same time - until tonight." Lawmakers acted less than 24-hours after
terrorist bombings in Jerusalem. It took only minutes for the House to
debate the issue. (Arutz Sheva, VOA)

UNIFIL MANDATE EXTENDED: Responding to the request of the government of
Lebanon, the Security Council on Tuesday extended the mandate of the
United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL) until 31 January 1998. In
a unanimous resolution, the Council reiterated its strong support for the
territorial integrity, sovereignty and political independence of Lebanon
within its internationally recognized boundaries. The Council condemned
all acts of violence committed in particular against the Force, and urged
the parties to put an end to such acts.

Meanwhile, Hizb'Allah terrorists fired mortars at IDF positions in the
Eastern Sector of the Security Zone Tuesday. Last Saturday, Hizb'Allah
terrorists fired mortars, automatic weapons fire, and Katyusha rockets at
SLA positions in the Eastern and Western sectors of the Security Zone. No
injuries were reported in either of the attacks. (UN Daily Highlights,
IINS)

ALIYAH ENCOURAGED: Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Tourism Moshe
Katzav, speaking at a convention of Orthodox Rabbis Monday, advised them
to appeal to their congregants during the High Holy Days to make aliyah
(immigration) to Israel. Minister Katzav told the rabbis that they bear
responsibility for non-Orthodox communities as well, and that one of the
ways to deal with assimilation in the Diaspora is aliyah. Katzav said
that anyone who cannot personally immigrate to Israel should maintain a
strong contact with the State of Israel by means of frequent visits.
(Arutz Sheva)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
FYI - Israel In The News
"For Zion's sake I will not keep silent,
and for Jerusalem's sake I will not keep quiet"  Isaiah 62:1

'F.Y.I.' may be reproduced & distributed in any form. Please give proper
credit.
Send comments and subscription requests to Lee Underwood at:
fellowship@inet-images.com
Web site: http://www.inet-images.com/fellowship/fyi.htm

*****************************************

^ 

The Final Word

THE BELIEVER'S AUTHORITY
By: Ian-Wolfgang S. Behm

    Most believers today have lost the battle of spiritual warfare because
they do not have an adequate knowledge and understanding of Gods Word.

   "For the weapons of our warfare are not of the flesh, but mighty through
(by means of His instrumentality) God for the destruction of fortresses." 2
Cor. 10:4

   Since they are casualties in the spiritual conflict, many have allowed
themselves to become duped into new age practices which have been 
adroitly disguised as "neutral" self-help techniques and positive-thinking
self-esteem builders. Others have one foot in the Bible (their constant
appeal to a relative opinion of Biblical "love") and one foot in the world
(relying upon personal and collective panaceas to solve and answer the
issues in life), while so many others make their Christianity nothing more
than the experiences they have. While holding dearly to these forms of
psuedo-spirituality they cannot understand why Biblical principles don't
seem to work for them. Why is God not real to them, why can't they overcome
the "sin that so easily entangles" them?

    Their defeat is so commonplace because their lives are not established
on ABSOLUTE Biblical principles, but rather their feelings, their
experiences, and their own ideas; their foundation is on the ever shifting
subjectivity of man's experience and philosophy.

    Yet those things are all "of the flesh." There is always a method for
determining the veracity of any standard. So many say TRUTH is determined
by what they feel, or experience, or believe, yet every person believes,
feels, and experiences differing things. Does the Bible teach HOW TRUTH is
determined (The methodology)? Yes! And it never is dependent upon any
finite characteristic!

    The devil's fortification system can resist all attacks of human
viewpoint, human emotion, human experience, human ability, and human power;
but God has provided in grace, divine equipment and weapons to demolish the
satanic and worldly outposts. What are the weapons which enable us to
launch an offensive against the world, the sin nature, and the influence of
demonic entities? They are our THOUGHTS!!  The greatest weapon we have is
what we think!

   "We are destroying speculations and every fleshly concept raised up in
opposition to the KNOWLEDGE of God, and we are taking captive every thought
to the obedience of Christ" 2 Cor. 10:5.

    The believer's thoughts are to be divine. We have the "mind of Christ,"
1 Cor. 2:16. When we think according to our own opinions and ideas, we open
ourselves up to satanic infiltration. Furthermore, we will become useless
as an ambassador for Christ, miserable in the soul and in testimony,
indistinguishable from the unbeliever.

    "For as he [mankind] thinks in his soul, so he is." Prov. 23:7a

    Notice the thinking is in the soul, but that implies content. What
should be the Christian's soul content from which he thinks:

    "Your WORD I have stockpiled in my soul, so that I will not sin against
you" (Psalm 119:11).

    When the soul is filled with biblical truth we can overcome sin and
recognize and expose false viewpoint. Eph. 5:11, "So then do not be foolish
[truth according to personal opinion, feelings, and experiences] but
understand what the will of the Lord is [truth according to God's absolute
policy]."

    The Bible is the Christian's authority by which we gain knowledge and
understanding of our spiritual enemies: the sin nature residing within us
and the forces of Satan. But more importantly, we gain knowledge of God's
divine viewpoint about every aspect of our existence. Scripture is our
basis for knowing what is true or false, correct or incorrect, right or
wrong, good or evil and righteous or sinful.

    Despite the authority of God's Word, most Christians try to validate
their faith totally divorced from anything found in the Bible. They make
truth what they feel, what they experience and what they assume, relating
all these things to personal interpretation devoid of any standard for
testing its validity. All becomes opinion. This "faith" is contrary to the
faith of Heb. 11:1, which is "the substance of things held confident, the
evidence of things not being seen" (BFT)

 The believer's faith must have a bona fide object (the commander and
perfecter, Jesus Christ, Heb. 12:2) and that faith always has evidence.
This evidence is not manmade. The evidence is delineated in God's Word,
not man's emotions, mind or experiences. Neither experience nor emotions
make the Bible true. The Bible is truth, period!  Emotions and experience
are an integral part of what is already established as true, but never the
basis for what is true.

   The Christian must always be like those men and women of Berea who
received the utmost praise from Paul because they did not simply take his
word, (or even their own for that matter) but searched the scriptures daily
to verify his teaching (Acts 17:11).  Nonetheless, most believers
legitimize their Christianity according to their opinions, and emotions,
often in concert with perceived visions and revelations and experiences
"given" by God.  When confronted with scripture regarding this, they make
these things as irrevocable as a hair cut! Ultimately, being a spiritual
casualty, they let their faith roar when their scripture can only whisper!!

     Ian-Wolfgang S. Behm


