------------------------------
PropheZine #66
Oct. 16, 1998
Bob Lally Publisher
Mimi Nila Senior Editor
Rick Woodcock Asst. Editor
Abraham George Asst. Editor
Lori Eldridge Asst. Editor

ARTICLES
Roger Oakland.....New Wine (Chapter from book "When New Wine Makes a Man
Divine)
Shirley Ann Miller.............Holy Laughter - Satan, Self, Or Spirit?
Greg DesVoignes.........Holy Laughter & Company, A Toronto Blessing...
Or Kundalini Curse?

PROPHEZINE COMMENTARIES
Family Research Council...Just A Phrase Christians Use To Conceal Their
Anti-Gay Hatred?
Scott DeNicola - Focus on the Family.............The Mainline In Decline


Lee Underwood ...................F.Y.I. - Israel in the News

Terry Denbow ...................Hail The King Is Coming

Author Unknown............Pushing Against The Rock


************************************

Hello everyone,

This issue of Prophezine deals with a somewhat controversial subject and
therefore, I pray that you will receive it as such and follow the Word
of God as Paul directs in Acts 17:11,"Now the Bereans were of more
noble character than the Thessalonians, for they received the message
with great eagerness and examined the Scriptures every day to see if
what Paul said was true".

The Lord put it on our hearts to bring these articles to you to help you
discern the deceiving doctrines that are prophesied in the last days.
Recently, I attended a Prophecy conference in which a person told me of
an experience in their church. This person told me of a meeting in
which another individual spoke in "tongues" and that uncontrollable
laughter overtook them at that meeting.

We are truly living in the days of Romans 1:21-32:

because, although they knew God, they did not glorify Him as God, nor
were thankful, but became futile in their thoughts, and their foolish
hearts were darkened. Professing to be wise, they became fools, and
changed the glory of the incorruptible God into an image made like
corruptible man-and birds and four-footed animals and creeping things.
Therefore God also gave them up to uncleanness, in the lusts of their
hearts, to dishonor their bodies among themselves, who exchanged the
truth of God for the lie, and worshiped and served the creature rather
than the Creator, who is blessed forever. Amen. For this reason God gave
them up to vile passions. For even their women exchanged the natural use
for what is against nature. Likewise also the men, leaving the natural
use of the woman, burned in their lust for one another, men with men
committing what is shameful, and receiving in themselves the penalty of
their error which was due. And even as they did not like to retain God
in their knowledge, God gave them over to a debased mind, to do those
things which are not fitting; being filled with all unrighteousness,
sexual immorality, wickedness, covetousness, maliciousness; full of
envy, murder, strife, deceit, evil-mindedness; they are whisperers,
backbiters, haters of God, violent, proud, boasters, inventors of evil
things, disobedient to parents, undiscerning, untrustworthy, unloving,
unforgiving, unmerciful; who, knowing the righteous judgment of God,
that those who practice such things are deserving of death, not only do
the same but also approve of those who practice them.

Some call this phase 4 of the last days. Three times in this Chapter
God speaks of "Giving them up or Giving them over". Has God removed His
hand from America? Some prophecy teachers believe that is the reason
America is not mentioned in the Last Days of Biblical Prophecy. Our
hearts and minds need to be purified with the Word of God, fully
entrenched therein. Or we will fall prey to the deceiving spirits of
this world. I pray that you and your families will continue to follow
our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, during these perplexing but exciting
times.

Matthew 24:11-13,"Then many false prophets will rise up and deceive
many. And because lawlessness will abound, the love of many will grow
cold. But he who endures to the end shall be saved."

May He Bless you and keep you,
In His Service,
Mimi Nila
Mnila@ibm.net


|================================================
|
| NEW WINE (Chapter Excerpt from When New Wine Make a Man Divine)
| By Roger Oakland
|

Some say that Christianity is experiencing a paradigm shift. Others say
that God is pouring out "New Wine," and Christians are being empowered
and enlightened as part of a great revival that is sweeping the world.
Whatever the explanation, there are now over 400 million people
worldwide who call themselves charismatic Christians. 15 Most of them
believe God is doing a "new thing." What is this "new thing"? Is it
really "New Wine" or is it old deception?

A NEW THING ?

Over the past several years a very obvious trend has been taking place
in Christianity. In what some call a "Christian awakening," millions of
people are emphasizing that signs, wonders, and experiences are being
manifested as part of a last-days revival that is occurring before Jesus
returns. Often, a Christian perspective, which emphasizes testing all
things according to the authority of the Word of God, is downplayed or
even ignored.

What actually is happening? How do we explain this phenomenon? Is God
doing something new? Or is the world being set up to embrace a false
form of Christianity, which is based on extra-biblical, supernatural
experiences? Is it possible that what is happening today could be part
of the apostasy Paul warned would arise in the last days?

EXPERIENCE SEEKERS

One of the characteristics of the present trend is the belief that
experience is the most important aspect of Christianity. For example,
consider the words of C. Peter Wagner, a professor of church growth at
the Fuller Theological Seminary. In an interview with Time, he gave his
opinion why charismatic meetings are so popular today. He said: "People
don't go to listen to the services, but rather to be a part of it."16
He continued: "We live in an exceptional time. Certainly in the history
of the United States we have never seen such a frequency of signs and
wonders."

THE TORONTO BLESSING

The Toronto Airport Christian Fellowship (TACF), formerly called the
Toronto Airport Vineyard, has become known as a mecca for people to
experience "signs and wonders." Meetings that began in January of 1994
still continue every night of the week but Monday.

In order to describe the kinds of human behavior associated with this
"blessing," we can quote from the Toronto Airport Christian Fellowship's
homepage on the Internet. It states"

The Toronto blessing is a transferable anointing. In its most
visible form it overcomes worshippers with outbreaks of laughter,
weeping, groaning, shaking, falling, "drunkenness," and even behaviors
that have been described as a "cross between a jungle and a farmyard."
Since the beginning of the outpouring on January 20, 1994, many people
from our meetings have been affected in a number of ways" falling down
under the power of God, becoming drunk in the Spirit, laughing
uncontrollably or in some cases even roaring like lions.17

This strange behavior is interpreted by the promoters of the "Toronto
Blessing" as a "divine visitation."18 Thousands of pastors and leaders
from around the world have traveled to Toronto and had the "blessing"
imparted to them. They have then taken this "anointing" back to their
own churches, where the same kinds of behavior have broken out.

There are now literally thousands of "New Wine drinking holes" all over
the world where hundreds of thousands of people are being "touched"
every day. Catholics and Protestants from various denominations are
claiming they are receiving the "gift of drunkenness" and being overcome
by the "Spirit" as the "New Wine" empowers them to become part of the
greatest revival ever know in the history of the world.

HOW DO WE KNOW THIS IS GOD?

Not everyone who has observed the "Toronto Blessing" believes it is from
God. Some suggest the people who embrace it risk self-delusion or,
worse yet, deception which is satanically inspired. Critics of the
movement suggest that teachings that are not biblically based have the
potential to open the door for satanic deception in the name of
Christianity.

However, John Arnott, the senior pastor of the Toronto Airport Christian
Fellowship and author of The Fathers Blessing, is not the least bit
concerned. He is convinced that the "Toronto experience" is part of a
"heaven-sent renewal meant for the local church, in order to build up
the body of Christ." Arnott also believes that "eventually it will
overflow into the community and usher in revival."19 He further stated
in an interview that "God has told us to give the anointing away to
whoever would like it, especially to pastors and elders who can bring it
back to their churches."20

According to Arnott, an intellectual understanding of the Scriptures is
secondary to having a loving emotional relationship with God. For
example, in his book The Father's Blessing he states:

It came as a tremendous revelation to me several years ago that the
Christian faith is all about love and "romance" or intimacy. I used to
think it was all about understanding the truth and getting our doctrine
straight.21

As one reads through The Father's Blessing, it becomes apparent that
Arnott is somewhat divided about the importance of doctrine as the basis
for determining our Christian beliefs. On another page of his book he
states:

New doctrines need to be weighed very carefully. One thing that
thrills me so much about this new outpouring of the Holy Spirit is that
no new doctrines are being taught. There is nothing new here.22

However in the same book, Arnott completely contradicts himself by
writing:

It is no coincidence that we have seen people prophetically acting like
lions, oxen, eagles and warriors. In Steve Witt's church in St. John's
New Brunswick, I saw all four of those manifestations happening all at
the same time. The people who were doing this were mostly credible
pastors and leaders. I was astonished but sensed the awesome presence
of God.24

Arnott then goes on to describe what happened at the same church when a
woman was overcome by the "presence of God" and began to prophesy. He
writes:

One lady who played keyboard and weighed about 115 pounds was on all
fours, snorting and pawing the ground like an angry ox or bull. It was
obvious that she was surprised and a bit frightened by what was
happening, but at the same time she seemed determined to follow the
Spirit's leading. For about an hour and a half this lady gave the most
incredible prophetic word. She expressed the anger of the Lord against
what Satan has done to God's church, His people, His cities, and
communities. She said the powers of darkness were being pushed back and
new boundaries were being set.25

Or consider the first-hand account of a man who observed the "ministry
time" at John Arnott's own church in Toronto in the summer of 1995. He
stated: "Two men were both on all fours, roaring at each other and
gnashing at the crowd. Several in the crowd were cheerfully waving
their hands in a scooping gesture as though they were flipping something
through the air as they kept saying, "Give them more Jesus, give them
more."26

Several minutes later the scene changed. The testimony continues: "Now3
the big lion had the little lion by the ankle and was roaring and
grinding his teeth. Several enthusiasts were still saying, 'Give them
more, Lord, give them more.'"27

GIVE THEM MORE OF WHAT?
John Arnott is not alone in his wholehearted endorsement of what he
calls the "presence of God" in his church services. Many prominent
leaders are equally enthusiastic about what they believe God is doing in
Toronto. For example, Jack Hayford, senior pastor of the Church on the
Way, endorsed Arnott's book by saying:

John Arnott is seeking to provide a biblical soundness and a shepherdly
care amid the mix of both the familiar and unfamiliar evidences of God's
working at the Toronto Airport Vineyard (now the Toronto Airport
Christian Fellowship).28

Melody Green Si4vright, president of Last Days Ministries, added her
endorsement to John Arnott's book by saying:

John Arnott, with great humility, discernment and balance, brings
understanding to the wonderful way the Father is refreshing His people
today.19


Would John Arnott, Jack Hayford, Melody Green Sievright, or any other
New Wine enthusiast please give the church a biblical explanation for
what is going on? Where in the Bible can we find a basis for the kind
of behavior now being claimed as a blessing from God? Since when can
the Holy Spirit be "scooped," "flipped," "focused," or manipulated by
human hands? Where in the Bible does it say that in the last days
believers will act like animals in the church and that this should be
interpreted to mean they are being used by God to speak prophetically?

If we are willing to base our theology and doctrines upon feelings,
emotions, and unscriptural practices, then we have opened the door to a
great delusion. The time to test all things scriptural is now. If we
are not willing to do that then we are willfully choosing to be
deceived.

A BLESSING OR A CURSE?

In 1 Corinthians Paul discusses the gifts of the Holy Spirit. These
gifts are compared to the various parts of the body, which are all
necessary as each part works together for the benefit of the whole.
Although the gifts of the Holy Spirit are clearly described, some today
insist that "new gifts" need to be added to the list. According to this
view not all of the gifts that God has for us are in the Bible.

One of the ways that people can "receive" one of these new gifts is to
go to a place where the "Spirit" is moving. Although John Arnott's
Toronto Airport Christian Fell9owship has been the main center of
attraction, there are many other places where the Spirit has allegedly
followed those who have been blessed at Toronto. Today there are many
New Wine drinking holes.

Although the "Spirit" can be transferred in a variety of ways, John
Arnott recommends a method known as "soaking." In his own words:

We call this whole process of continuing prayer "soaking" someone. The
person is getting soaked in prayer and the Holy Spirit. This may go on
for ten minutes or two hours. Soaking prayer seems to help people
receive more of God. We want to marinate them in the Holy Spirit.30

The "gift" of "being drunk in the Spirit" is another gift that New
Winers promote. "Come and take a drink at Joel's bar and become drunk
in the (S)pirit," enthusiasts say. "Don't try to figure out what God is
doing! Just be open to whatever it is that God has for you. Don't try
to figure out God-just let go."

"Letting go" is apparently one of the prerequisites for the gift of
"spiritual drunkenness" that so many Christians are boasting about these
days. Interestingly enough, being "drunk in the Spirit" and being
intoxicated by alcohol have similar characteristics. However, becoming
drunk in the Spirit is supposed to mean that the person has received a
blessing from God.

The justification that is used for the "gift of drunkenness" comes from
Acts 2. Proponents of "spiritual drunkenness" say that on the day of
Pentecost the disciples were accused of acting like drunkards, laughing,
falling over, having slurred speech, and showing boldness with lack of
restraint. However, the Scriptures state that it was the scoffers who
suggested the people were drunk. The reason they said the disciples
were drunk was because they were speaking in different languages-the
gift of tongues. As any Bible student will tell you, the gift of
tongues is in the Bible. However, the "gift of drunkenness" is not.

Nowhere in the Bible can we find that behavior resembling a drunk4en
fool is something Christians should desire. In fact, drunkenness is
associated with the judgment of God. For example, c0nsider the words of
the prophet Isaiah as he admonishes the people of his day who had
rebelled against the Word of God. He stated:

Stay yourselves, and wonder; cry ye out, and cry: they are drunken, but
not with wine; they stagger, but not with strong drink. For the LORD
hath poured out upon you the spirit of deep sleep, and hath closed your
eyes: the prophets and your rulers, the seers hath he covered."31

Or listen to the words of condemnation by the prophet Jeremiah regarding
what God would do to the rebellious people who refused to obey God's
Word:

And Babylon shall become heaps, a dwelling place for dragons, an
astonishment, and a hissing, without an inhabitant. They shall roar
together like lions: they shall yell as lions' whelps. In their heat I
will make their feasts, and I will make them drunken that they may
rejoice, and sleep a perpetual sleep, and not wake, saith the LORD.32

It seems rather clear that behavior which can be compared to that of a
drunkard is not a blessing-it's a curse. Is it possible that when
Christians begin to seek after a power which is characterized by drunken
behavior they are merely being deceived?

NEW WINE CONTINUES TO FLOW

On December 5, 1995, Vineyard movement leader John Wimber and several
directors of the Association of Vineyard Churches traveled to Toronto,
Canada to announce a decision they had made. For nearly two years, the
Toronto Airport Vineyard had become known worldwide as the mecca for the
experience called the "Toronto Blessing."

Supporters and even critics of the "Toronto Blessing" were shocked when
news of the announcement came. The Toronto Airport Vineyard, which had
become the focus of the New Wine movement, had been asked to leave the
association of Vineyard churches. In other words, John Arnott and his
church had been expelled.

When the news of the expulsion was released nearly everyone was
confused. John Wimber had just endorsed John Arnott's newly published
book The Father's Blessing by saying that he believed the senior pastor
of the Airport Vineyard Church had been experiencing an authentic
visitation from God.33 So what happened to cause John Wimber to change
his mind?

As with every dispute and division that occurs in the church, there are
always two sides. John Arnott, writing in the first edition of Spread
the Fire, February 1996, explained his perspective of why the division
occurred. He stated:

The bottom line, we were told, is that the (Association of Vineyard
Churches) Board felt the Toronto Airport Vineyard renewal services were
not mirroring the Vineyard model. Rather than ask us to revamp the
renewal meetings, they released us to continue as we believe God is
leading us.34

Although this statement made it sound like the Toronto disassociation
was congenial and without any major differences, a report sent out by
regional director Happy Leman to Vineyard pastors to explain why the
separation had occurred seemed to reflect another perspective. In a
two-page statement, Leman wrote:

The Association of Vineyard Churches and the Toronto Airport Vineyard
seem to have fundamental differences in philosophy regarding the
pastoral administration of this Renewal.35

Further, Leman pointed out other concerns that the Association of
Vineyard Churches had with the so-called renewal that was being exported
from Toronto. Some of these concerns included people being "hyped" or
manipulated, an "emerging prophetic theology" that promoted an end-times
"elitist mentality," abuses in behavior including "demonic activity,"
and the encouragement or spotlighting of "extra-biblical
manifestations."36

Although many people thought that the expulsion of the Toronto Airport
Vineyard by John Wimber would cause the "Toronto Blessing" to diffuse
and finally go away, such has not been the case. People from all over
the world are continuing to travel there seeking the same experiences
that Wimber and his group were so concerned about. As well, the New
Wine continues to flow within and without the Vineyard churches. In
fact, Vineyard pastor Randy Clark from St. Louis, Missouri, has even
exported the "Toronto Blessing" to places like Moscow.

THE MOSCOW BLESSING

In Russia it has been renamed the "Moscow Blessing." Although "the
blessing" came via Toronto and is more commonly known as the "Toronto
Blessing," now Russia has its very own version. Although the Moscow and
the Toronto "Blessings" are different by name, there is a common
denominator. Randy Clark is responsible for transporting the
"anointing" not only to Toronto, but to Moscow as well.

The Izmylova Hotel in Moscow as the location where Randy Clark and his
associates held their "Catch the Fire" conference. Over one thousand
Russian pastors and church leaders were invited. Their expenses were
paid by the promoters of the conference who had come from the United
States. Before the conference, which occurred in the latter part of
March 1996, there was some concern over whether the same manifestations
associated with Toronto would happen in Russia. However, reports
released on the Internet after the conference took place soon told the
story.

>From the very first night the Russians began to shake, shout, laugh,
and
roll on the floor. An Internet article reported that a typical scene
was to see a husband and a wife "flopping on the floor like fish out of
the water."37 At the end of the meeting when the people were asked to
leave, the report stated that "hotel officials directed those who were
still able to walk the conference exits.

The remaining people were scooped up off the floor and escorted out.
Most make their way back to their rooms, but several small groups of
'drunkards' made it no further than the main lobby where they staggered
about and fell in heaps laughing."38

Another report issued after the three-day conference made it clear that
the "Moscow Blessing" continued after Randy Clark and his "impartation"
team left. Not only was the "blessing" taken back to various Russian
churches, the "Moscow Blessing" took to the streets. An Internet report
titled "Russian Fire Spreading" stated that people who attended the
Randy Clark meetings "have remained drunk in the Spirit to the point of
rolling around in the snow laughing. Pockets of people can be seen
riding the Metro laughing and holding their stomachs from intense
'birthing cramps."39

BIRTHING CRAMPS ?

He shouted "Fire" and hundreds of people fell to the floor. The
scenario was not a firing squad-it was the Olympic Exhibition Center in
London, England, where a large group of British pastors and Church
leaders had gathered to hear self-proclaimed Holy Spirit bartender
Rodney Howard-Browne. Some have claimed God is using Howard-Browne to
prepare the church for a great work that is still to come. A "new
child" is being born, they say; just stand in line, "catch the fire" and
be empowered.

Charisma (magazine), March 1996, reported this occasion as a landmark
event in Great Britain. Hundreds of pastors and church leaders gathered
in London to see and hear Howard-Browne. Although the "Toronto
Blessing" had already been embraced in thousands of churches throughout
Britain since May of 1994, now the man who had been credited with having
lit the original fire was in town.

Certainly those who came to the meetings to "experience the experience"
were not disappointed. Hundreds of pastors went forward and were
organized into lines to receive prayer. Howard-Browne swept along the
lines, shouting, "Fire." Charisma reported that it required an army of
associates to run and keep up to him, trying to catch people who were
falling over on the floor.40

Westminster Chapel minister R.T. Kendall was interviewed by Charisma
magazine and gave Howard-Browne a rave review. "He's fearless," Kendall
said of Howard-Browne. "When I met Rodney a year ago, I was touched by
being in his presence." Then he continued, "The phrase 'baby-Isaac'
just kept coming to me."41

So what is this idea, that a very large, full-grown man like
Howard-Browne could be compared to "baby-Isaac"? What are the "birthing
pains" that Christians are supposed to be experiencing?

The Charisma article answers that question. It states: "Kendall
believes the church is in the embryonic phase of what could prove to be
the greatest work of the spirit since the days of the early church.
(Kendall) believes that God has called Howard-Browne to initiate
something big that is just beginning."42

A review of the charismatic literature reveals that Kendall's idea about
the birthing of a new man-child or a "baby-Isaac" is not original. The
idea has been around for a number of decades.

It's this theology of an "army of overcomers" and "baby-Isaacs" like
Howard-Browne that many find deeply troubling. Some call this army of
empowered Christians "Joel's Army." They believe that in the last days,
a mighty army of Christians will be raised up and the world will be won
for Jesus. As those who lived through the Latter Rain movement over
forty years ago will remember, the "overcomers" doctrine did not build
up the church-it devastated it. Could history be repeating itself?

====
Editors Note: Because this is a book excerpt, reference notes will be
as they appear in the book written by Roger Oakland, "When New Wine
Makes a Man Divine".

15. "The Charismatic Christian Renewal Worldwide," The Jerusalem Post,
January 19, 1996, p. 19.
16. Ibid.
17. Homepage for TACF on Internet.
18. Ibid
19. Gail Reid, "After the Laughter," Faith Today, March-April 1995, p.
19
20. Ibid
21. John Arnott, The Father's Blessing (Orlando, FL: Creation House,
1995),p. 16.
22. Ibid
23. Ibid., p.61
24. Ibid., p.178
25. Ibid., p.178
26. Len Lindstrom, News Report, July 1995, p. 4
27. Ibid.
28. John Arnott, The Father's Blessing, back cover.
29. Ibid.
30. Ibid., p. 96
31. Isaiah 29:9-10
32. Jeremiah 51:37-39
33. John Arnott, The Father's Blessing, back cover
34. John Arnott, "Here's Where We Stand," Spread the Fire, February
1996, p. 6.
35. Letter sent to Vineyard pastors in the Midwest Region by Happy
Lehman, Regional Overseer, Association of Vineyard Churches, December 8,
1995
36. Ibid.
37. http://www.grmi.org/missions/fsu/russia.day1ii.html.
38. Ibid.
39. http://www.grmi.org/missions/fsu/russia.fire1.html.
40. Clive Price, "Rodney Howard-Browne Wins Support from Church Leaders
in England," Charisma, March 1996, p. 18.
41. Ibid.
42. Ibid.

Understand The Times is a nonprofit ministry founded by Roger Oakland.
The ministry exists to give biblical insights for contemporary issues
and to show how the Bible helps us understand the past, what is
happening in the world today, and where we are headed in the future.
You can obtain a catalog of other books, cassettes and videos that have
been developed to strengthen the faith of Christians and challenge
unbelievers about what they believe by contacting the ministry offices
in the following locations:

Understand The Times
P.O. Box 27239
Santa Ana, Ca. 92799 USA
1(800) 689 1888

Understand The Times
P.O. Box 1160
Eston, Saskatchewan, Canada SOL 1Ao

Understand The Times
Hall Street, New Stevenston
Motherwell, Scotland, United Kingdom ML 4LX

Visit the Understand The Times web site at:
www.understandthetimes.org


|==========================================
|
| Holy Laughter - Satan, Self, Or Spirit?
| By Shirley Ann Miller
|

NOTE: This article is not directed toward any one particular holy
laughter movement within a specific church or denomination but
represents a general overview of the subject. If you want to research
specifically into the historical origins of any one particular "Holy
Laughter Movement," then you might want to look at some of the
corresponding links at the bottom of this article.

If we want to identify and pinpoint exactly where the biggest problem
occurs with the "Holy Laughter Movement," obviously it would be in the
"location" of where it occurs and not the "act" of laughter. The
location being that of "church" or "revival" services and whether or not
it is appropriate in worship. The appropriateness in worship would next
fall into the category of whether or not we view the laughter movement
from a conservative Fundamentalist or Pentecostal/Charismatic viewpoint.
This one determining factor may cast the vote over your entire opinion
because it is based foremost on your denominational viewpoint.

Clearly, it's the words - interpretation of scripture - that causes most
all of the problems. The different denominations continue to rally
against one another--fighting, backbiting, heresy-accusing,
faultfinding, etc; but we must separate a teaching from the doctrine as
well as the teacher. The teacher is in the hands of God (read Romans
14). Anyone can figure out who is teaching what--the fruit doesn't fall
far from the tree--so it isn't necessary for Christians to argue about
whether or not someone is teaching heretical doctrines, but it's our
responsibility to study the Word and find out what God has to say
specifically about "the teaching." Christians must continually dissect a
teaching in light of the Word of God, and it's our responsibility to
refute teachings according to the elements of scripture.

Perhaps you're one of those who have stood on the sidelines watching,
reading, and studying the different aspects of this subject. As
indicated above, the principles involved basically evolve around the
mainline Fundamentalists opposing the laughing movement, while many of
the Pentecostal/Charismatics either accept or applaud it. In a
Journalistic manner, either way when approached, most likely someone
will be labeled either a heretic, false teacher, or anti-christ
depending on their denominational approach to the issue. Personally, I
believe the above approach (labeling others) to be counter-productive.
All of us could use the emergence of any new movements within
Christianity, as an opportunity for further study and growth (...not
necessarily through acceptance of any particular movement, but by using
the opportunity for intense Biblical study and prayer). By labeling a
person in a counter-Christlike manner, we concentrate on the individual
when we should really be focusing on the teaching and whether or not a
teaching aligns with the Word of God.

As Christians, we've heard over and over again that God is a God of
"order." In the beginning...in Genesis..., when God designed the
universe, He planned the "order" of the star-filled dome of the heavens,
and as He planned, so it was done--the order of the universe functions
according to His desire. When viewing from our perspective on earth, at
times the heavens above may appear rather boring in their continuous,
everyday routine. In contrast, this same routine becomes grandiose when
we see it as God's grand design of order, creativity, and structure
within the universe. It's only with this realization that continuous
routine becomes comfortably reliable (see I Cor 14:33).

The same order designed within the heavens should be found within the
Church. Just as in the heavens, the perfect order within the church
should "flow" unrestricted, unhindered by man's rigid rules,
preestablished by God as a pattern of continual, free-flowing worship.
This freedom, when permitted, results in a unique, individual form of
expression through worship, but always in respect for the Supreme Power
established by God through the Holy Spirit (1 Cor 6:19-20). Worship can
be spontaneous, yet within the bounds of order. Orderly worship is the
highest form of respect because it brings about holiness, reverence, and
a deeper, inner closeness to God.

In comparison: Is spontaneous, joyful, thankful, heartfelt expressions
of laughter within the orderly realm of Worship according to God's order
within the church? How do we know if it is or if it isn't? Obviously,
again, this depends upon your denominational viewpoint. Does any one
person hold the singular key in establishing the "perfect" orderly
worship of God? Could a believer worship God in quiet prayer as well as
in outward manifestations of joy? By example, does the church need to
follow the earliest apostles and believers and how they worshipped God?
This subject brings with it many, many questions that may or may not
find specific answers; but most importantly, beyond all conjecture can
there be found a bottom line?

Lately, extremes have become more commonplace within the Christian
church; and one might ask: Have believers become so bored in their
exuberance to experience the fullness of God, they have regressed into
practicing soulical expressions of uncontrolled emotions in hopes of
resurrecting manifestations of the Holy Spirit? Sometimes it appears as
if Christians attempt to "conjure" up the manifestation of the Holy
Spirit rather than permitting God to be God in our churches. Have we
become so bored with orderly worship, we feel the need to perform magic
shows, miraculous disappearing acts, grand showcases, and big-budgeted
circus acts just to thrill our audiences, to stir up excitement within
our churches, and thereby render to God the name of "Grand Showman?"
Why do we feel the need to "prove" God, when God has so freely given of
Himself, He needs no proving. Could this be merely a display of our own
prowess?

Every situation is different, and we must not place God in a box nor
attempt to suppress the movement of God. God is able to do anything He
desires, but His desires will always align with the teachings of
Scripture. And with this in mind--The foremost acknowledgment of God
should be in His Holiness. We should always approach God with the
greatest respect, whether in prayer or in church. I think of Moses and
the burning bush where God said, "...Draw not nigh hither: put off thy
shoes from off thy feet, for the place whereon thou standest is holy
ground" (Exodus 3:5). Therefore, as to holy laughter, it doesn't matter
what a denomination's teachings propose, nor does it matter how you were
brought up in childhood, nor does it matter what the current trend
allows, but what does matter is whether or not a teaching follows the
ABC's of Biblical teaching and always in respect for the Holiness of
God.

Many pastors/speakers have a wonderful sense of humor, and everyone
loves a good joke at an appropriate time even within the church service.
So in reference to the "Holy Laughter Movement," you might ask a few
questions to help in your decision and compare them with your study of
Biblical truths:

1. Does "holy laughter" disturb the flow of worship? Does it occur at an
inappropriate time?

2. Does holy laughter appear to counter or oppose the move of the Holy
Spirit within the church service?

3. Does the holy laughter movement direct attention to one's self rather
than God?

4. Is laughter, or any outward mannerism, loud, disorderly, offensive,
crude, or disrespectful to God's house or to other worshippers?

5. At what point in the church service does the laughter occur? Does it
happen disrupting prayer?

6. Does the laughter occur only upon "suggestion" by the leader of the
church service or revival?

7. Does the laughter occur "only" upon the laying on of hands or in the
presence of the individual ministering?

By answering yes to any of the above questions, gives you an indication
that holy laughter may not be appropriate in a church service.

The last and most important question, comes under the heading of "laying
on of hands." This is a cross-denominational issue. It might surprise
you, but cults and cultists also believe in the laying on of hands.
Yes, there is another spirit-world of the supernatural, and following
this demonstration some really strange things can begin to happen.

The act of "laying on of hands" (1) demonstrates the "transference of
the spirit, spirits, or Spirit (the latter as in Holy Spirit-Acts 8:17)"
of the one praying and laying on of hands; or (2) it could also be by
one who desires to comfort or console another through prayer and touch.
It is important to know the difference and also what motivates the
person doing the praying.

In the first instance, whenever any person lays hands on you they intend
to "pass" something they possess over to you!!! You must know whether or
not what they intend giving to you is something you really want! A
simple act of "submission" grants permission and acceptance to those who
lay hands on you. If this isn't important, you might ask yourself: "Do
you want someone passing a familiar spirit from them to you by simply
praying and laying their hands on you?" How do you know whether or not
an individual is the conduit of the Great and Mighty Holy Spirit of God
or the possessor of demonic spirits? (This last question sounds like a
good title for an entire book!)
We see so many men and women "laying" hands upon others, but do we know
the "spirit" of that individual of whom we allow to place their hands
upon another. What "spirit" do they transfer to others? You might think
about this the next time someone wants to pray over you.
Personally, I believe one should "never" allow another to lay hands upon
them unless "first" knowing by what spirit inhabits or drives that
individual, and for what purpose brings about their actions. What is
their belief? To whom or what have they submitted their life? And most
importantly, what is their motive--power, control, self-glorification or
hopefully the opposite--at best, to comfort and love?

There is no passage within New Testament scripture that indicates that
the Messiah lay His hands upon any demon-possessed person. Wherever
Jesus went in ministry, He was always in the continual process of
"giving" out to others and not "receiving." Many times Jesus lay His
hands upon the sick to heal, but never upon the demon-possessed. In
Scripture, it was the spoken "Word" that delivered those oppressed, and
caused Satan to shudder with fear (see the before and after difference
in the Gadarene demonic Luke 8:26-36). One of the very important reasons
for this, is because of the transference of "spirits" (Numbers 14:24; I
King 22:21; Ephesians 2:2; 1 Tim 4:1; 1 John 4:1; 1 John 4:3;
Ephesians 5:19; 2 Cor 6:17, Col. 2:21, etc.) (or in contrast the "Holy
Spirit's power" as in Matthew 9:21).

Many sincerely dedicated men and women of God in the different
denominations desire truth and the desire to walk closer to God. We
should continually encourage and uplift them in our prayers and support.
We should also be aware that there is a distinctive spirit emerging
within various demonstrations "of the spirit" and we need to know if
these manifestations come from God? The Holy Spirit is pure and true. It
is the motive of the heart that intervenes between man and God.

In this respect, we might ask, "Holy Laughter: Satan, Self, or Spirit?"
Does "uncontrollable laughter" occur after one has placed their "hands"
upon another? If that individual suddenly turns into a convulsive,
uncontrollable shaking rag, laughing in an almost wickedly derelict
manner--does this observation leave one questioning the inner joy and
the outward manifestation of peace that is supposed to happen when the
Holy Spirit truly ministers to the heart and soul of a believer?

Yes, Christians represent a uniquely different, unusual people; but
Early Christians weren't ridiculed, persecuted, and reviled because they
acted like lunatics. Crazy antics, demonstrated supposed-supernatural
miracles neither glorify God nor draw others closer to God. They just
alienate others who look at Christians and say, "Why would I want to be
like those bunch of nuts!" And likely so! In contrast, early Christians
were hated because they revealed the Holiness of God in their outward
mannerisms, lifestyle, and there refusal to be like the pagan world and
copy the Romans in their worship of idols. The first early Christians
were all Jewish, and also for this reason, they were hated because of
their belief in the Messiah.

Many will equate holy laughter reveling with Acts Chapter 2. This would
be a good study point. After hearing their own, diverse language spoken
by the Apostles, the miracle on the day of Pentecost resulted in a
throng of confounded people. Some in the crowd even thought the Apostles
drunk on new wine (vs. 13); but it wasn't until Peter's "sermon," his
testimony, and exhortation (vs. 40), that resulted in, "Then they that
gladly received his word were baptized; and the same day there were
added unto them about three thousand souls" (vs. 41).

What was Peter's testimony? You can read this in Acts 2:14-36 because,
"Now when they heard this, they were pricked in their hearts, and said
unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, Men and brethren, what shall
we do? (vs 37). "Then Peter said unto them Repent, and be baptized every
one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye
shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost (38-39)."

This is the gospel, folks! It's "hearing" the Word, the Gospel of Jesus
Christ, that brings one to the realization that their heart is not right
with God. You don't need a Doctorate in Theology to read this for
yourself!

When I was a Professional Astrologer, I poked fun at people singing in
church. I stood outside and mocked them, but it wasn't until I "heard
the Gospel" that I realized my heart was not right with God. Do you know
where I heard the "gospel?" In a Bible study listening to others read
the Word of God!

It must be your decision whether or not a situation of holy laughter
results in the "fullness and joy of the Holy Spirit" (1 Cor 12:8-11).
That is why the Holy Spirit gives every believer "discernment" and we
must use it (1 Cor 3:14). Discernment is also an example of "spiritual
common sense." It is wonderful to feel or sense the presence of the Holy
Spirit in our lives. No greater joy exists than to know that God loves
us and has given us this comfort. Discernment brings about one great
result: Keep in mind that if it is of God, the results will bring forth
"fruit" of the Spirit (1 Cor 13), and as we know a tree is known by its
fruit (Luke 6:43-46).

No one person has all of the answers, and I'm not going to tell you that
"Holy Laughter" isn't of God, nor am I going to tell you that it is from
God! One must discern a particular situation very carefully and also
within the various settings--follow the resulting "fruit" that occurs in
the life of an individual as a result. One thing I will pass along to
you: Unless you personally "discern" or "know" someone--no matter who it
is--don't let anyone "lay hands upon you" or "blow" on you, or "speak" a
word of prophecy over you. And always remember: Through submission, if
you do permit someone to lay hands on you, you will receive whatever
spirit(s) or Spirit is operating within that individual's life.

Most importantly, God speaks to every believer about their own,
individual sins whether it be unforgiveness, jealousy, lust, greed,
pride, etc. We just need to listen a little closer to those promptings
of the Holy Spirit. As long as we remain sensitive--not ignoring the
Holy Spirit--God will direct us, lead us, and fill us with the joy of
the Holy Spirit whenever we ask. Who knows? The next time you're feeling
down-and-out, pray and worship "God," asking "Him" to fill you with the
joy of "His" presence, you might just begin your own personal "Holy
Laughter" and you'll know you got it straight from the "Source!"

There are a number of resources on the internet where you might find
"historical" information on the laughter movement (both for and
against). I thought it would be rather redundant to repeat these where
others have done the same research. So following is a list of several
URL addresses with subsequent links where you might go for further
information. Keep in mind, I do not necessarily endorse, approve, or
agree with everything at these sites but they are informative to begin
your research. Most importantly, the Bible should be our main source for
any undertaking to study on the holy laughter movement or any other
doctrine.

http://www.discernment.org/some.htm
http://www.tcsn.net/fbchurch/fbcpensa.htm
http://www.geocities.com/Heartland/Plains/4948/vine3is5.html
http://www.tcsn.net/fbchurch/fbcpensa.htm
---------------------------------------

Ecc 3:4: A time to weep, and a time to laugh; a time to mourn, and a
time to dance.

Pro 15:13: A merry heart maketh a cheerful countenance: but by sorrow of
the heart the spirit is broken.

Pro 15:15: All the days of the afflicted are evil: but he that is of a
merry heart hath a continual feast.

Pro 17:22: A merry heart doeth good like a medicine: but a broken spirit
drieth the bones.

Ecc 8:15: Then I commended mirth, because a man hath no better thing
under the sun, than to eat, and to drink, and to be merry: for that
shall abide with him of his labour the days of his life, which God
giveth him under the sun.

Jer 30:19: And out of them shall proceed thanksgiving and the voice of
them that make merry: and I will multiply them, and they shall not be
few; I will also glorify them, and they shall not be small.

Luk 15:24 For this my son was dead, and is alive again; he was lost, and
is found. And they began to be merry.

As a dedicated writer and research historian, Shirley Ann Miller
continues her search for truth. She collects rare and very old books on
religion, philosophy, astronomy and religious history. "I have read
hundreds and hundreds of books on religious history in order to piece
together just one tiny particle of significant information." In her
book, "Tempera Mysticism," she documents the origins of the four
temperament theory of the sanguine, choleric, phlegmatic, and melancholy
personality types, and its beginnings in astrology. She has written a
number of articles and Special Reports as well as two new book
proposals, "A Sign in the Heavens" and "Will The Real Prophets Please
Stand Up?" (both books to be either self-published or available through
a publisher in the very near future). A fourth book, "Circle of Nimrod:
The False Messiah's Gospel," is also on the project block and will be
completed by the end of this year

Shirley Ann Miller, P.O. Box 4123, Lancaster, PA 17604
http://www.hsv.tis.net/~sammie
sammie@traveller.com


|==========================================
|
| Holy Laughter & Company, A Toronto Blessing... Or Kundalini Curse?
|
| by Greg DesVoignes
| Christian Research Ministries
|

"Do not trust in deceptive words saying, 'This is the
temple of the Lord, the temple of the Lord..." Jeremiah 7:4

Picture yourself sitting in a church. While the preacher is preaching,
he is interrupted by spontaneous laughter from one or several persons in
the meeting room. The laughter is explosive and uncontrollable. The
preacher also starts laughing, and so do others in the room....

In the front row, a man stands up and with a walk of one who has had too
many intoxicants, staggers drunk like in front of the stage and collapse
on the floor.... During an alter call people are falling to the floor
after being touched or prayed for. Some are curled up in pre natal
positions. Their eyes are rolled back and rapidly moving... Some people
are twitching, some are giggling, and some are making animal like
sounds.

"Holy Laughter", or "The Toronto Blessing", as it is called, is an
experiential phenomena that is said to be manifestations of the presence
of the spirit of God. It was primarily introduced in North America and
spread by Rodney H. Brown, an evangelist from South Africa. Over the
past few of years it has been spreading swiftly through Vineyard,
Assembly of God, and other churches, seemingly passed from person to
person. Some pastors and others have flown to Toronto, where it started,
to be able to "catch the fire". A similar phenomena started in the
Assembly of God denomination in Pensacola Florida. It has been titled
"The Brownsville Revival"

Sometimes also referred to as "The Anointing" or "Awakening",
participants have reported seeing visions, received healings, and
transformed lives as a result of these experiences. Whatever it is
called and whatever manifestations come out of it, supporters believe it
is a new Holy Spirit revival. But is it?

While wanting to insure that we do not stifle the work of the Holy
Spirit, we must also insure that what we see, and what is experienced is
really from God. We are told to "test the spirits to see if they are
from God". We would not have been told this UNLESS, there be a danger in
accepting signs, wonders, and experiences as being all from God. A
misnomer that is believed is that everything that goes on inside a
church has to be from God. Not so, especially in these times. This
article looks at The Toronto Blessing and tests it according to the
standard we have; the Word of God, and with other sources.

Historical Accounts

It appears that this type of "revival" phenomena has happened at least
twice in the history of this country. The first in 1801 at what is
called the "Cain Ridge Revival" in Kentucky, and again in 1907 at what
was called the "Azusa Street Revival" in Los Angeles.

Christian History magazine said that at Cain Ridge, people were falling
down, heads were jerking back, some so fast that facial features could
not be seen. Yelps and other noises would emanate from some, while
others would go into convulsive trances.

Some would laugh hysterically. Similar experiential manifestations were
reported 106 years later at the Azusa Street Mission. During this time,
trembling, laughing, and what is called being "drunk in the spirit" were
frequent manifestations. Now, about 90 years later, the same
manifestations are happening again.

If what we are seeing today is an indication of what happened
historically, there must have been some indignant eyebrows raised.
Sometime back, I caught Rodney H. Brown on the Richard Roberts show on
TBN. By the time I had tuned in, Brown already had the audience 3/4
captive. Roberts and many others were sitting on the floor and sporadic
hysterical laughter was breaking out.

A "Mr. Peepers" looking man, "drunk in the spirit", stood up and started
staggering around. His eyes were crossed and he would fall down, stand
up, and fall down. The man, in drunk comic Foster Brooks fashion, looked
at Brown, struck a "Why I never" pose, and collapsed in his seat. The
audience was roaring with laughter at his drunken antics.

I wondered as I watched this, if there was really a difference between
being drunk on alcohol or drugs, and being drunk in the spirit. If this
man had driven, would have he not endangered himself and others? Would
he have been arrested for driving under the influence of God? I failed
to see the humor or a holiness in it.

So can we say that because this experiential phenomena happened
historically that it is a manifestation of God? Was it of God then; is
it of God now? I think not on both counts.


A Personal Visit
Several months ago I sat in on a service of a local church involved with
The Toronto Blessing. The pastor of this church had made a visit to
Toronto, brought back the experience and shared it with the
congregation. I share this with you because what I observed is going to
be pertinent later.

The manifestations began at the end of the service. After the chairs
were removed [in anticipation of falling people], the music worship
people repeated the same song over and over for a long time. In fact,
the song was repeated through the whole experience which lasted about 40
minutes.

After about 15 minutes of this song, several people began to lay their
hands on people, or move their hands back and forth in front of their
heads or chests. People began to fall to the floor. The same song
continued. Eventually there were about 100 people on the floor. I
watched as some curled up in prenatal positions, while others lay flat
on their backs. Some appeared frozen in the postures they were laid down
in; others trembled.

One teen-age boy had his arms straight up without any movement for about
30 minutes. Some made sounds, some giggled, and some moved their hands
back and forth. Even with their eyes closed I could see rapid eyeball
movement.

Searching the scriptures, there is no reference to what I saw or any of
the other manifestations I shared. In fact John Wimber, founder of the
Vineyard churches [of which are leaders in spreading this] admits there
is no biblical basis for such things as roaring like a lion. [animal
sounds]. Some churches do not allow some of the experiential
manifestations to continue. But who is to say what is acceptable as to
be from God or not? What is the standard that is used to determine this?
Disruption, not scripture, is the standard.

So while it may be all right to walk around drunk like, lay on the floor
and convulse; screaming, running, roaring and acting like an animal are
really not appreciated. But if it is of God, who is man to stop it?

One of our readers from California told me his wife heard a Vineyard
woman say she had a sexual orgasm while under the "anointing". Would
this be an acceptable experience? In fact, can we say that any of these
manifestations are truly spiritual encounters with the God of the Bible?


Real Encounters

While the Toronto Blessing experiences put a person on the floor, cause
physical contortions, and epileptic type symptoms, Biblical examples of
encounters with the real God and His Spirit show quite a different
scenario.

In Ezekiel 2:1 Ezekiel was given a prophetical vision by God. In vs.
26-28 he sees what he describes as, "...the likeness of the Glory of the
Lord". He said when he saw this, he fell on his face [out of fear]. But
what happened next is most revealing as we consider and compare the
Toronto Blessing.

"Then He said to me, 'Son of man stand on your feet hat I may speak
with you'. And as He spoke to me the Spirit entered me and set me on my
feet." Ez 2:1-2

What? Notice that when the Spirit entered Ezekiel, it set him on his
feet, and did not put him to the floor. It lifted him, strengthened.
This Biblical example is contrary to the "anointing" of Holy Laughter or
the Toronto Blessing in which people are put to the floor and weakened
with some sort of sensual experience for hours. But it's not the only
one.

Elijah's encounter with an angel is also revealing. In Kings 19:5-7 we
see Elijah in despair and giving up. But an angel of the Lord said to
him, "Arise and eat". This happened twice. The angel lifted him. His
presence did not keep Elijah on the ground or weaken him or cause
strange manifestations.

Daniel had a similar encounters. In Daniel 8:15-18 Daniel falls on his
face from fear at the sight of a vision. But we see in verse 18, Daniel
said of this being, "but he touched me and made me stand upright". The
same thing happened in Daniel 10:9-18. Encounters with the spiritual
realm of God lift the person up but did not put them on the ground.

The New Testament gives us similar examples. Consider the work of Jesus.
In Matthew 9:27 Jesus tells a paralyzed man, "Rise, take up your bed and
go home". And what about those who touched the garment of God incarnate?
They were healed, not put to the ground, not filled with shaking,
twitching, laughing.

Aside from the lack of Biblical evidence and the scripture contradiction
of these manifestations, another thing that bothers me about the Toronto
type "anointing". There are many people who manifest many of these same
symptoms that wish they would wouldn't. These are the people with
neurological problems that they have through diseases, injuries, the
result of using drugs, or just being born with a problem. They would
like to stop shaking and trembling. They would like to come out of their
curled up positions.

They would rejoice if they could stop taking insulin so they would not
stagger and manifest signs of intoxication as a result of insulin shock.
The epileptic would desire not to fall in a public place, lose control,
and have people watch as their eyes roll back or twitch under their
eyelids.

Are these experiences we seek? Would an encounter with God cause
symptoms of disease, brain injury, mental illness or even possession?
Or, like we see in scripture, would an encounter with God stop these
things?

Receiving The Holy Spirit?

There is also no reference to the anointing of the Toronto
manifestations in receiving the Holy Spirit. In Acts 10:44 we see that
while Peter was preaching, the Holy Spirit fell upon the people who were
listening to the message. The account of this in verse 46, "For they
were hearing them speaking in tongues and exalting God". In Acts 19:6
the results of laying on of hands was also speaking in tongues and
prophesying.

I have seen some say that at Pentecost, the fact that some of the people
perceived these Christians to be drunk, verifies and validates these
manifestations today. Those who use this perception as a basis for these
manifestations today make a mistake by doing so. For in this text there
was no mention of animal sounds, no uncontrollable laughter, no
staggering around. These have created their own perception of something
that is not written, and have added to something that is not there.

The text concerning this in Acts 2 specifically puts the emphasis on
Galileans speaking in the tongues of other nations about "the wonderful
works of God" [vs 11]. The account says that there were some who did not
know what this phenomena meant, and others who mockingly said, "These
men are full of new wine" [vs 13]. What did their mocking words refer
to? Look back in the text. Was it not speaking in the tongues of other
nations, and telling of the wonderful works of God? Then where did the
concept of being "drunk in the Spirit" come from? It seems to me that
this came from the perceptions of man in order to attempt to validate a
phenomena and make it fit with scripture. The same applies to all of
these manifestations.

Consider this. As mentioned earlier, many of these manifestations
resemble illness, disease, injury, and even possession. Yet if these
manifestations were present at Pentecost, why would the mockers not
catch on this? Wouldn't this be the big news; Christians being seemingly
afflicted by their God; rolling on the floor, paralysis, twitching,
etc.? But we don't read, "These men have been cursed with afflictions".

Perhaps they may have even been afraid that some plague had come, having
never heard or seen this before. But these things are not mentioned, are
they? So again, how do the teachers of this come up with these
manifestations? Where in the Bible did they come up with the technique
of female catchers running their hands over the spines and buttocks of
men while praying for them and waiting for them to fall as one reader
told me he saw happening at an Assembly of God church in Missouri?

If It's Not Biblical What's The Source?

After reading literature on this phenomena from various sources, and
watching it myself, I have concluded that what is happening is the
result, in part, of emotionalism, or having the mind altered. There are
many things that can trigger the latter, and sources other than
scripture where these things can be found.

We have "tested the spirit" of this "anointing" using the Word and
cannot find anything to validate this phenomena. This should put up
warning flags and tell us there is something wrong. So if it is not
found in the Word of God, if it cannot be validated by the standard God
gave us, where can it be found? Let's start out with something "light".

Witches Laugh Too

Holy Laughter and it's alleged benefits are not confined to inside
churches. The WICCAN witch Carol Christ says in her book The Laughter Of
Aphrodite:

"I laughed for hours and hours. All my private personal suffering... was
dissolved in laughter... I felt transformed ... and have always viewed
what happened as a kind of spiritual experience... people do not think
of laughter as a spiritual experience. I now understand that laughter
can be a mediator of transformation. Gavreil's laughter, like
Aphrodite's enabled me to distance myself from pain, opening a new
perspective to my life." Carol Christ, The Laughter Of Aphrodite:
Reflections On a Journey to the Goddess, Harper & Row, 1987, pg. 5, 6.

Question. Is this laughter experience of a witch from God; or is the
Holy Laughter really a generic occult experience from some other spirit
that touched the witch?

Carol Christ said it was a spiritual experience that transformed her
life [but it did not turn her to God]. Consider this. Its not in the
Word, but note that Carol mentioned that laughter enabled, not just her,
but the Goddess Aphrodite, to be distanced from pain.

So, this phenomena is not in the Word, but a witch has a transforming
spiritual experience the same as church members report. Seeing these
things led me into a search in an occult book store.

Unholy Discoveries

I explained the phenomena and experiences, and manifestations of The
Toronto Blessing to two employees of this store. I asked them if they
had ever heard of such manifestations or where I might find references
to them. One person told me that the manifestations [falling down,
trembling, and all the others previously mentioned] sounded like
something that happens in aspects of African religions such as Santeria.
He offered to have some Santeria priestesses contact me [I declined].

Now this made sense, as it brought back a remembrance of a study I did
several years ago on Voodoo [which originated in Africa as did this
current phenomena]. Voodoo rituals mix aspects of Catholicism and the
occult. Their rituals start out with a Catholic type service. They sing
Christian songs, and say prayers. After this is completed, the Voodoo
rituals start with repetitive music and drumming.

Some people go into what the Voodoo practitioners call "Trance"; another
word they use for possession of the Loa, or Voodoo deities. This trance
state can happen automatically to some when they are under hard
situation.

What happens in this trance? According to Kyle Kristos in his book,
Voodoo, this trance puts a person in contact with spiritual forces. The
trances are indicated by trembling, convulsions, a feeling of emptiness,
and fainting. During this trance there is no self control; legs tremble,
and there is rapid eye movement under closed eye lids.

While in this trance, some crawl on the floor and staccato sounds come
out of their mouths. The Hungans [which means priest or witch doctor]
watch and try to catch people as they fall to the ground. Why are these
same experiences and manifestations going on in churches?

Now I do not believe that a Christian can be automatically possessed.
However, when a person's mind becomes empty by flirting with unbiblical
methodologies and expectancies and goes into an altered state, we can
open our minds to manipulations of things other than God. For instance,
if a Christian were to take a hallucinogenic drug, he would have the
same experience as a non Christian. If you play with fire, your going to
get burned.

A good example is the experience Johanna Michaelson speaks of in her
book, The Beautiful Side of Evil. Through the use of the occult practice
of visualization, she had contact with demonic spirit guides; and lots
of trouble.

Kundalini In Church?

One of the employees of the occult bookstore also suggested browsing
through their books on Eastern Mysticism. The most revealing book I
found was one on Kundalini Yoga. What was not found in scripture on the
manifestations and other aspects of the Toronto Blessing, I found in a
book called Kundalini: The Arousal of the Inner Energy, by Ajit
Mookerjee. The purpose of this Eastern practice is to arouse the
Kundalini [serpent force] at the base of the spine. It is a form of Yogi
meditation and the phenomena, experiences, and manifestations happen
while the mind goes into an altered state.

This altered state is triggered in many fashions, including the use of
repetitive music. As you read the following quotes from this book, keep
in mind what is involved in the aspects of the Toronto Blessing. The
goal of Kundalini, like The Toronto Blessing, is spiritual growth.

Like The Toronto Blessing, Kundalini "energy", experiences and
manifestations can be passed from person to person. A full comparison
between The Toronto Blessing and Kundalini is shown at the end of this
newsletter.

A Disturbing Resemblance

In a chapter called The Kundalini Experience Classical and Clinical, the
writer says;

"The ascent of the Kundalini as it pierces through the chakras is
manifested in certain physical and psychic signs.

Yogas have described the trembling of the body which precedes the
arousal of Kundalini, and the explosion of heat which passes like a
current through the Sushumna [the supposed channel by which this energy
rises through the body].

...inner sounds are heard... the head may start to feel giddy
... the yogi visualizes a variety of forms... pure light..

...numerous signs and symptoms may be experienced
... as creeping sensations
.. tingling sensations all over the
body; heaviness in the head or sometimes giddiness;
automatic and involuntary laughing or crying; seeing
visions of deities...

The chin may press down against the neck; the eyeballs
roll upwards or rotate; the body may bend forward or back,
or even roll around on the floor
... the mind becomes empty
... there is spontaneous chanting of mantras or songs, or
simply vocal noises

The eyes may not open in spite of one's efforts to open them.
The body may revolve or twist in all directions. Sometimes
it bounds up and down... sometimes the hands move... some
speak in tongues... Sometimes the body feels as if it is floating

upwards and sometimes as if it is being pressed down into the
earth
... It may shake and tremble and become limp, or turn as
rigid as stone.

In the process of the arousal of Kundalini, Muktananda went
through an experience of extreme sexual excitement.

Not everyone will experience all or even most of these signs.
The Sakti [foundational consciousness] produces whatever
experiences are necessary for the disciples spiritual progress
according to his samskaras [impression or fruit of Karmic
action] or habit pattern formed by past action". Pg. 71, 72

Moses And The Egyptian Sorcerers: A Case Of Validity

There is something wrong when we cannot validate the experiences and
manifestations of The Toronto Blessing through the Bible, the standard
of truth, but find these same manifestations in books on Eastern
mysticism. What is also interesting is what is said about these symptoms
in Mookerjee's book.

"Symptoms, when caused by this process, will disappear spontaneously in
time. Because it is essentially a purificatory or balancing process, and
each person has only a finite amount of impurities of the sort removed
by Kundalini, the process is self limiting. Disturbances seen are
therefore not pathological, but rather therapeutic.

The people in whom the physio - kundalini process is most easily
activated, and in whom it is most likely to be violent and disturbing,
are those with especially sensitive
nervous systems". Pg. 94

How interesting that the Kundalini manifestations [which are described
as "disturbances"], as well as the Toronto manifestations, are
considered therapeutic. In other words, they have a healing effect. Even
the running of hands over a persons body, as mentioned earlier, is
performed in an alternative medicine technique called Therapeutic Touch.
This practice claims to heal, but the originator of it does not know
where it comes from! But what is doing the healing? Let's consider what
happened in the spiritual confrontation between Moses and the sorcerers
of Pharaoh.

"Now the Lord spoke to Moses and Aaron, saying, 'when Pharaoh speaks to
you, saying, "Work a miracle", then you shall say to Aaron, "Take your
staff and throw it down before Pharaoh, that it may become a
serpent"'".... Then Pharaoh also called for the wise men and sorcerers,
and they also, the magicians of Egypt, did the same with their secret
arts. For each one

threw down his staff and they turned into serpents" Exodus 7:8-12

Satan also has power to attempt to duplicate the works of God that he
may deceive. Not all so called manifestations are from God, including
speaking in tongues at times.

Notice that speaking in tongues was one of the manifestations of
Kundalini. Perhaps that is one of the reason we see Paul saying that if
one does this publicly, there should be an interpreter, and also as John
said, that we should test the spirits.

A case in point is the false prosperity teacher Robert Tilton. While
watching him on TV several years ago, I could not help notice that on
every showing he kept repeating the same words while "speaking in
tongues". I wrote down the words he spoke and found them in the
dictionary. His "tongues" were calling out to the demonic mythical gods
of prosperity! How appropriate for Mr. Tilton [who has since been
exposed].

My finding was verified by a person I know who used to be into
demonology. He was also watching Tilton. He said that the words Tilton
was speaking were the same incantations he learned to call on prosperity
gods.

Signs & Wonders
John said,

"Beloved, do not believe every spirit, but test the spirits to see
whether they are from God"

Why?

"because many false prophets have gone out into the world." 1 John 4:1

As we saw with the magicians of Pharaoh, Satan will counterfeit the
works of God. And as we see in the above verse, because of this we are
to test the spirits because there are teachers today that are not
teaching truth, but the things of Satan.

And since we cannot validate the Toronto phenomena biblically but find
it in occult practices, Satan appears to be the source of these
manifestations.

There was something interesting about the encounter between Moses and
the magicians of Pharaoh. After the magicians turned their staffs into
serpents, the Word tells us, "But Aaron's staff swallowed up their
staffs". Exodus 7:12. So it is with all false teachings. The real truth
powers over the counterfeit. Speaking of the encounter with the
magicians of Pharaoh, Paul said,

"And just as Jannes and Jambres opposed Moses, so these men also oppose
the truth, men of depraved mind, rejected as regards the faith. But they
will not make further progress; for their folly will be obvious to all,
as also that of those two

came to be". 1 Timothy 3:8-9

We make a big mistake to just accept everything we are told. It is our
responsibility to verify scripturally what we are taught, and what
manifests spiritually. We also become involved in error if we seek after
these experiences.

The New Age religion is one of seeking experiences, signs and wonders.
In fact in their own doctrine, spiritual experience is pre emanate over
faith. That is possibly why Paul said that false teachers are rejected
as regards the faith, relying upon signs and wonders instead. In other
words, faith rests upon experience in the New Age. What happens when the
experiences pass away or become boring?

Jesus warned,

"An evil and adulterous generation craves for a sign".
Matthew 12:39.

And Paul warned through God,

"But the Spirit explicitly says that in later times some will fall from
the faith, paying attention to deceitful spirits and doctrines of
demons". 1 Timothy 4:1

This is descriptive of the New Age today, and the church which has
fallen into the things we have seen. For it is evident that things you
can see witches involved in, and things found in books on Voodoo and
Eastern mysticism are doctrines of demons.

We need to understand that the Word tells us that an apostasy of the
church will happen before the revealing of the AntiChrist [2
Thessalonians 2:3-4] And how does he deceive? Through signs and wonders
[2 Thessalonians 2:9-11]. Everything we see happening today to deceive
and take us away from faith, is a preparation to accept this man of sin.

It is not really surprising that churches would succumb to involvement
in experiences not found in the Bible, but found in the occultism of
deceitful spirits and doctrines of demons. For we were also pre warned
long ago;

"If there arises among you a prophet, or a dreamer of dreams, and giveth
thee a sign or a wonder, and the sign or the wonder comes to pass,
whereof he speaks to thee saying, 'Let us go after other gods" what thou
has not known, "and serve them";

Thou shalt not hearken unto the words of that prophet or that dreamer of
dreams; for the Lord your God proveth you, to know whether ye love the
Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul.

Ye shall walk after the Lord your God, and fear Him, and keep his
commandments, and obey His voice, and ye shall serve Him and cleave unto
Him". Deuteronomy 13:1-4

Just because it works, just because it is spiritual, does not mean it is
from God!

How important it is today not just to accept everything we are told.
None of us are immune from the potential of being deceived. It is easy
to be deceived, and that is why we must read the Word, study it,
meditate on it. We cannot see what the lies are unless we first know the
Truth. This is an individual responsibility.

God's Grace

In doing the research for this newsletter one thing that really stood
out to me is the difference of God's word in comparison to things
outside of it. How God dealt with His people, lifting them up, not
throwing them down gave me a refreshed view of the sweetness and
gentleness of His Word. And He still is this way today, even if we
realize that we have strayed away from the truth and have gotten into
things we should not have.

By the scriptures we have read, it was not to be a surprise to God that
His own people, as Israel did, would fall into false teachings. He knew
it! And if we, even in ignoring the scriptures to test the spirits and
watch for these things, find ourselves involved in false teachings, His
grace is still there. He is still there to lift up, strengthen and set
us on our feet.

Speaking of this last days system that God said would infiltrate the
church, He graciously says,

"Come out of her My people..." Revelation 18:4

"What man among you, if he has a hundred sheep and has lost one of them,
does not leave the ninety - nine in the open pasture, and go after the
one which is lost, until he finds it? And when he has found it, he lays
it on his shoulders, rejoicing." Matt 15:4-5

This is love and grace, in spite of ourselves. The question being, will
we listen, come out of following these things, and receive His lifting?

Comparisons Between The Toronto Blessing & Kundalini

Toronto Blessing (Reported)* / Kundalini**

-----Purposes

Healing / Healing
Spiritual Growth / Spiritual Progress
Experience love & peace / Experience bliss
Release pent up emotions / Detects, breaks up stored emotions
Deliverance / Liberation

-----Triggers

Spontaneous / Spontaneous
Repetitive music / Repetitive music
Letting control of mind go / Wandering mind
Feeling of despair / Despair

-----Physical Signs

Body

Trembling / Trembling
Numb body parts / Partial paralysis

Mouth

Clenched jaws / Clenched jaws
Increase in saliva / Increase in Saliva

Eyes

Rolled back / Rolled upward
Twitching, moving / Eyes rotate
Cannot open eyes / Cannot open eyes

Facial

Wrinkles up / Wrinkles up
Brows knit / Brows knit

Breathing

Constricted breathing / Constricted breathing
Different breathing patterns / Different breathing patterns

Actions

Rolling on the floor / Rolling on floor
Twisting body / Twisting body
Raising body up and down / Bounding
Crawling on floor / Creeping
Patterned movements / Hands move in patterns

Voice

Unable to speak / Loss of speech
Speaking in tongues / Tongues
Unusual sounds [animal, etc.] / Unusual sounds [animal, etc.]

----Internal Aspects

Sensations

Heat / Heat
Energy flows through body / Energy flows
Tingling sensation / Tingling sensation
Feeling of pressed to floor / Pressed to floor
Sensations from feet to head / Something rising from heat to feet
Orgasms / Sexual excitement

Visions

Lights / Lights
Visions of Angels / Visions of deities

Mental

Phenomena passed on / Absorb symptoms of others
Awareness of being Christ / New Awareness
Extended periods of inactivity / Periods of inactivity
Revelations / Existential insights

Emotional

Giddy / Giddy
Laughing / Laughing
Crying / Crying
Emotional releases / Emotional releases
Feeling of restlessness / Restlessness

-----Experiences-Reasons

Amount of change needed / Amount of needed balance
Expected results / Previous conditioning
Personal history / Past history

-----Recurring Symptoms

Yes, sometimes for months / Yes, months

*Sources on Toronto: Christian History, Issues 23, 45; Mainstream,
Summer 1994; SCP Newsletter, Fall 1994; Media Spotlight, Special Report,
1995; Personal observations & interviews.
**Sources on Kundalini: Kundalini: The Arousal of the Inner Energy, Ajit
Mookerjee, Destiny, 1991; Interviews

Following On The Shirt Tails Of Toronto & Brownsville
You know, after awhile, sensual experiences of this kind seem to get a
little boring. Which, in the context of Toronto and Brownsville, seems
to be strange. How can the desire for an "anointing" from God week after
week become dull, so that the churches involved in these experiential
services no longer seek them? What happens when the experiences are
gone?

The Vineyard's Toronto Blessing faded. On it's fade came the Assembly's
Pensacola Florida Brownsville Revival. It is also fading. Will there be
something else to come along to replace Brownsville? It appears so. It
is being set up at this time. What is interesting is that some of the
same people who have been connected with the Toronto and Brownville
phenomena, are also associated with what is coming. It is supposed to be
in the form of a revived healing ministry of the past. However, it too
will have aspects of Eastern mysticism as Toronto. For at the root of
its central figure's belief in the early part of this century was the
belief that; we are all gods.

And it seems logical that this belief, incased within this past
ministry, would follow the other phenomena; for the belief that one is a
god, is the final stage of apostasy.

"Do not trust in deceptive words saying, 'This is the temple of the
Lord, the temple of the Lord..." Jeremiah 7:4

[For more information on this coming prophesied ministry, select
"Coming" from the menu bar on our home page]

Christian Research Ministries
P.O. Box 18600
Spokane, WA. 99208
U. S. A.
gregd <CRM@on-ramp.ior.com>

http://www.ior.com/~gregd/INDEX.HTM?9,11#COM

The preceding article has been used with permission from Christian
Research Ministries from their "Battle Lines Spiritual Warfare
Intelligence Bulletin", Number 3 Revised January 1998


++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
PROPHEZINE NEWSLETTER - Commentaries
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Just A Phrase Christians Use To Conceal Their Anti-Gay Hatred?

From the Family Research Council
http://www.frc.org/culture/cu98j1.html

Q&A

Q: I recently told my friend that the proper Christian response to
homosexuality is to "hate the sin, but love the sinner." She said,
"That's just a phrase Christians use to conceal their anti-gay hatred."
What do you think?

A: We think your friend is grossly misinformed. The concept of "hating
the sin, but loving the sinner" is deeply rooted in Holy Scripture. "Ye
that love the Lord, hate evil" (Psalm 97:10, KJV). And again in Psalms
119:158: "I beheld the transgressors, and was grieved; because they kept
not Thy word."

Anger at sin is allowed. We can "hate the sin, but love the sinner." The
problem is that when it comes to homosexuality, Christians are fighting
an uphill battle. The "homosexual rights" movement, with the help of the
pro-homosexual media, has largely succeeded in doing something that no
other group has done: fusing the "sin" and the "sinner." In the court of
public opinion, they are becoming one and the same. To speak out against
homosexuality is thus portrayed as a direct attack on the "homosexual."
(Let us remember that the term "homosexual" - used as a noun - only
entered the vernacular in the late 19th century.)

Jesus Christ once expressed anger with the Pharisees: "He looked round
about upon them with anger, being grieved for the hardness of their
hearts" (Mark 3:5).

We can be angry without sinning, precisely as Jesus did on that occasion
by "being grieved on account of the hardness of their hearts." The anger
of Jesus consists of holy grief born of love for the lost.
Christlikeness being the goal of the Christian, the more like Jesus we
become, the more apt we are to have that holy anger against sin -
tempered by holy grief.

Angry at the sin, grieved for the sinner - the true standard of
Christian conduct.

- KLE

CultureFacts is a weekly fax/e-mail publication of the Family Research
Council. To subscribe, visit our on-line subscription form. The
suggested annual donation for CultureFacts is $25. An email version is
also available. FRC is a tax-exempt 501(c)(3) charitable organization.
Donations to FRC are tax-deductible consistent with IRC Section 170.


************************************


The Mainline In Decline
From Focus on the Family
By Scott DeNicola

The past 30 years have seen a dramatic decline in the membership of
mainline churches, while other denominations have experienced a
consistent membership upswing.

James Heidinger of Good News said the United Methodist Church had over
11 million members in 1968. Today, the denomination has 8.5 million--"a
staggering loss of membership."

Though liberal leaders within the UMC deny it has anything to do with
their agenda, Heidinger suggested they take a look at his mail.

"Sixty-five and 70-year-old people who've been United Methodists all
their lives are saying they can't put up with a liberal pastor who's not
preaching out of the Bible. You also have the phenomenon of
groups--sometimes 200-300 people--leaving out of protest."

Since the 60s, the PCUSA had been losing about 30,000 members each year.
Last year, the hemorrhaging slowed to a loss of 22,000.

"There was a time when the Church was growing rapidly and was driving
the culture," said Parker Williamson of the Presbyterian Lay Committee.
"Somewhere in there, the Church began to lose its distinctiveness. The
Church's 'success' with culture--in American terms--really led to its
decline."

The cure, said Williamson, is for Presbyterians to learn to be
counter-cultural.

"They need to stand on the Scriptures, they need to live a holy life as
the Scriptures call us to live, and to declare a Gospel in contrast to
the other messages that are in the culture today. When we do that, and
as we do that, we will grow again."

Case in point, Williamson said, is the fact that PCUSA's conservative
congregations have continued to grow. Diane Knippers said the same has
held true with the Episcopal Church.

"The more liberal congregations are dwindling because they're not giving
people anything that makes it worth getting out of bed on Sunday
morning," she said. "The more conservative churches continue to grow
because they're offering life and truth and something solid."

-----------------------
NOTE: In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed without profit or payment to those who have expressed a
prior interest in receiving this information for non-profit research and
educational purposes only. For more information go to:
http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/17/107.shtml
-----------------------


++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
F.Y.I. - Israel in the News
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

F.Y.I. - Israel in the News
Week Ending: 17 October 1998/27 Tishri 5759
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Thus says your Lord, the L-RD, even your G-D Who contends for His
people, 'Behold, I have taken out of your hand the cup of reeling; The
chalice of My anger, You will never drink it again. And I will put it
into the hand of your tormentors, who have said to you, "Lie down that
we may walk over you."'" Isaiah 51.22-23a
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Talks Continue at Wye: US President Clinton took a hands-on role in the
Middle East summit Saturday, hoping to inject momentum after two days of
little progress. Although a news blackout has been maintained, word has
been leaked that little headway has been made in the meetings thus far.
One official inside the closely-guarded estate said Arafat's chief
negotiator, Saeb Erekat, engaged in a furious exchange at one point with
Prime Minister Netanyahu when the Israeli leader referred to the 'West
Bank' as Judea and Samaria, which are the Biblical names for the area.
One issue on the table is the release of 3,000 Palestinians held by
Israel for security offenses. The Palestinian Authority (PA/PLO)
official who has been trying to negotiate prisoner releases accompanied
Arafat to the US talks. In addition to meetings with PM Netanyahu and
PLO leader Arafat, Clinton had a 12-minute telephone call with Egyptian
President Hosni Mubarak regarding the accords. The talks are scheduled
to last several days and mark an intensive push by the US to get Israel
to agree to a further 13 percent military withdrawal from Judea and
Samaria.

Israeli Foreign Minister Ariel Sharon and Defense Minister Yitzhak
Mordechai are scheduled to join the talks on Sunday. The two had taken
part in ceremonies Thursday in Israel marking the 25th anniversary of
the October 1973 Yom Kippur War. The war's decisive battle came when the
143rd division of the Israel Defense Force (IDF), then led by Sharon,
recrossed the Suez Canal to drive back Egyptian troops. Some 25,000
soldiers and officers who took part in the crossing of the Suez Canal
gathered in Latrun to commemorate the great achievement. Sharon was
greeted with enthusiastic applause from the assemblage. He promised
again that he would not shake the hand of Arafat. Egypt began the war by
crossing the Suez and attacking Israel on Yom Kippur. (REUTERS, AP, AFP,
ARUTZ-7)

Netanyahu's Nine Points of Principle: PM Netanyahu promised his cabinet
Tuesday that he would not retreat from a series of principles -- "both
our starting points and our end points", in the words of a senior
official. Those nine points, on which he said compromise was out of the
question are:

1. Nothing will be agreed upon until everything is agreed. The deal must
be a package, and no [Israeli troop] redeployment will take place until
Israel has clear confirmation that the Palestinians are fulfilling their
part of the deal.
2. The PA/PLO must fight terror by battling the bases of terror,
arresting suspected terrorists and putting released terrorists back in
jail.
3. There must be a Palestinian assurance of complete security
cooperation with Israel.
4. A joint Israeli-Palestinian committee against incitement must be set
up to monitor and fight incitement.
5. The Palestinian police force must be reduced. Today, the force stands
at some 36,000 [or more, according to some reports]. According to the
Oslo Accords there should be only 24,000 police at this point. At the
end of the redeployments the Palestinians are to be allowed a total of
30,000 police.
6. Illegal weapons held by Palestinians must be confiscated and efforts
to battle weapon smuggling must be made.
7. The Palestinians must extradite prisoners demanded by Israel.
8. The Palestinian Covenant must be changed by the PNC [Palestinian
National Council].
9. Observer committees ensuring the fulfilment of responsibilities must
be set up and start working immediately. (ICEJ)

Withdrawal Entails a Total of 27.2%: Prime Minister Netanyahu informed
the Cabinet that 27.2% of Judea and Samaria will come under Palestinian
control in the framework of the planned withdrawal, as follows: 1% that
will be transferred from Area C (total Israeli control) to Area A (total
Palestinian control); 9% from Area C to Area B (Palestinian civilian
control, Israeli security control); 3% from Area C to a special nature
reserve status, under Israeli security control and where Palestinian
construction will be forbidden;14.2% that will go from Area B to Area A.
(ARUTZ-7)

Meanwhile, Back at Home ...: Thursday night, about 10 cars sustained
damage over the course of 30 minutes when Arabs ambushed Jewish drivers
on a road leading to Beit El, throwing rocks at their vehicles. Among
those attacked were Avigdor Shatz, the head of security of the community
of Shilo, and his assistant. They chased the rock-throwers, whose car
then sped off along a nearby side road. Shatz and his companion said
they unwittingly entered an area under PA/PLO control, still chasing
their attackers' car. They were then pulled over by several
plain-clothes PA/PLO policemen, who ordered them out of the car. ARUTZ-7
quotes Shatz as later recounting: "A very large crowd of PA soldiers
gathered around. The police shot at our feet and above our heads, beat
us [with rifle butts], and confiscated our weapons and all the emergency
security and medical equipment in our car." About 40 minutes later, the
Israelis were taken to be questioned by Palestinian Security Chief
Jibril Rajoub. "If an event of this sort happens again, we will act much
more strongly," he warned.

One Jew has been killed, and another was severely wounded, in yet
another Arab terrorist attack, near Moshav Orah in southern Jerusalem.
Tuesday afternoon, two gunmen approached Itamar Doron, 24, and Ilan
Mazon, 25, while the two members of a Hassidic community were taking a
ritual bath in a natural spring, and opened fire on them with automatic
weapons. After the terrorists murdered Doron and seriously injured
Mazon, they drove off in Doron's car and abandoned it near the
checkpoint at Beit Jallah near Beit Lechem; the killers apparently
walked from there into the PA/PLO village of Walajeh. Jerusalem Police
Chief Ya'ir Yitzchaki said that the attack was "very well-planned".
(ICEJ, ARUTZ-7)

US Republicans Press Clinton: The US House Republicans introduced a
resolution last Friday [10-09-98] that calls on Clinton to assert that
he opposes a Palestinian declaration of statehood. The aim, a source
said, is to impress on the PA/PLO that it will not "be able to move
forward with declaring a Palestinian state without making a big error
and severely impairing their relations with the US". The resolution
calls on Clinton to "publicly and unequivocally state that the United
States will actively oppose such a unilateral declaration and will not
extend recognition to any unilaterally declared Palestinian state".

Meanwhile, this week HA'ARETZ reported that senior Clinton
Administration officials have informally asked Israel to consider
accepting the principle of an eventual Palestinian state as part of a
final Wye Plantation summit document. According to the US idea, in
return for accepting the idea of a Palestinian state in principle, the
exact powers and geography of the putative state would be defined
through negotiations by the two parties and the May 4th deadline for
completion of the interim agreement period and implementation of the
final status would be postponed.

Farouk Kadoumi, head of the PLO's diplomatic desk, says that a
Palestinian state will be established in May 1999, and that it will wage
war against Israel. In an interview published in the PA/PLO's newspaper
AL HAYAT AL-JADEEDA, Kadoumi said that after the new state is recognized
by most of the world, the Palestinians will use their weapons to fight
against the Israeli presence on what he called "Palestinian lands". He
said that the only differences between Hamas and the PLO involve the
tactics by which to reach their common goal. David Bar-Illan, a top
Netanyahu media advisor, said in response, "Kadoumi has shown the true
face of Palestinian intentions -- war with Israel".

Russia and the Arab states will recognize and back an independent
Palestinian state, according to recent media reports. France has also
indicated that it would recognize an independent "Palestine". The
Vatican's charg d'affaires in Jordan, Monsignor Dominique Rezeau,
Wednesday said the Vatican is also ready to recognize a Palestinian
state. Many other nations have also declared their readiness to accept a
Palestinian state. (JERUSALEM POST, HA'ARETZ, ARUTZ-7, ICEJ, JORDAN
TIMES)

'Intifada of Fire' Damage Assessed: Thousands of Israelis were evacuated
from their homes and some 12,000 dunams (approx. 3,000 acres) of
woodland destroyed in a spate of fires deliberately set in various parts
of Israel over the past week. Losses of property has been estimated at
millions of dollars. Five Arab youths confessed to starting some of the
fires to avenge police aggression against Arab demonstrators during a
recent land dispute, an official said Wednesday. The fires began Sunday
and spread through the Carmel mountains. (ICEJ, AP)

On the Northern Front: Hizb'Allah shells struck the western Galilee on
Thursday evening, but no casualties were reported, YEDIOT AHARONOT
reported. Amid the sound of exploding mortars during Thursday's attack,
many residents of the area secured themselves in bomb shelters. Shells
were also fired at IDF positions in southern Lebanon. Again, there are
no reports of injuries. An IDF soldier was wounded in a mortar attack by
Hizb'Allah Wednesday morning. His condition is considered moderate.
Exchanges of fire continued for two hours on the Lebanese-Israeli
border. (ISRAEL LINE, MED, ARUTZ-7)

The Cornerstone for the Third Temple: On October 7, 1998 The Temple
Mount and Land of Israel Faithful Movement brought the cornerstone for
the Third Temple to the gates of the Temple Mount and the City of David.
Days before, the Arabs, who still control the Temple Mount (but do not
have sovereignty over the Temple Mount), put pressure on the Israeli
authorities not to allow the Faithful to lay the cornerstone on the
Temple Mount. They threatened to cause a violent riot if it took place.
Unfortunately the Israeli authorities decided to give in to the threats
and they closed the gates of the Temple Mount before the laying of the
cornerstone. At the same time they allowed the Faithful, and even
encouraged them, to bring the cornerstone to the City of David very
close to the gates of the Temple Mount and then to carry the cornerstone
around the walls of the Temple Mount and the Old City seven times. This
showed the desire of the authorities in Israel and the people of Israel
deep in their hearts to see the fulfillment of the desire and historical
dreams to see the rebuilding of the Temple at this time. For a full
report, visit their website at: www.templemountfaithful.org (TMF)

Tallit Constitutes a 'Provocation': The Jerusalem District court has
refused to overturn the conviction of Hillel Polchik who entered the
Temple Mount about five months ago, wrapped himself in a tallit (prayer
shawl) and began to pray. When ordered to leave by police officers,
Polchik laid down on the ground. The officers picked him and carried him
out. Two friends who were with him were also ordered to leave before
they could pray. In the verdict, Judges Ruth Orr, Ezra Kama and Daniella
Wexler wrote that a Jew praying in public on the Temple Mount, wrapped
in a prayer shawl, without prior coordination with or permission from
the police, could be interpreted as a 'provocation'. They said the act
constituted a legitimate cause for fearing a disruption of public order.
(HA'ARETZ)

Jews Move into 200-year-old Synagogue in East Jerusalem: Knesset member
Benny Elon and a group of yeshiva students Thursday moved into a
deserted, Jewish-owned building in eastern Jerusalem which until 1948
served as a synagogue. Their presence promoted protests by members of
Peace Now and Palestinian leaders Hanan Ashrawi and Feisal Husseini,
whose bodyguards got into scuffles with Israeli police at the site, in
the Sheikh Jarrah neighborhood of east Jerusalem. The Jewish students,
from the Beit Orot yeshiva on the Mount of Olives, brought furniture, a
generator and food, flew Israeli flags and announced that they planned
to establish a permanent religious school at the 200-year-old synagogue.
The synagogue is owned by the Jerusalem Sephardic Community Committee,
which give Elon and the students permission to occupy it. (ICEJ)

Israel Marks 12th Anniversary of Ron Arad's Capture: On the occasion of
the 12th anniversary of missing-in-action navigator Ron Arad's capture,
Ron's brother Chen and the Fellowship for Ron Arad's Release held a
press conference in Tel Aviv on Thursday, HA'ARETZ reported. Next
Tuesday the organization intends to deliver, through a courier company,
a petition demanding Arad's release directly to Iranian President
Mohammed Khatami at his Teheran residence. The organization expects to
collect tens of thousands of signatures through its Internet site by
Saturday night. During the ceremony, Chen Arad criticized the defense
establishment for what he termed an "intelligence failure" in its
efforts to secure Arad's freedom. "One word from Khatami will bring
about Ron's release," Chen said. The signature-gathering campaign is
being announced on banners on the main Internet search engines, as well
as others, such as ours. A click on the banners leads the surfer
directly to the Ron Arad Internet site: www.ron-arad.org.il.
(ISRAEL LINE)

Raviv to Be Indicted: Attorney-General Elyakim Rubenstein will announce
the indictment next week of GSS-agent provocateur Avishai Raviv, ARUTZ-7
has learned. Raviv will be charged with inciting towards the murder of
the late Prime Minister Yitzchak Rabin. The indictment had been held up
because high school girls who had heard Raviv goad Yigal Amir into
assassinating Rabin refused to testify. They feared that they would be
charged with not preventing the assassination, as was Margalit
Har-Shefi. After Knesset Law Committee Chairman Chanan Porat succeeded
in arranging with Rubenstein that the girls would not be prosecuted,
they agreed to testify. It is now felt that there is sufficient evidence
to prosecute Raviv. (ARUTZ-7)

Yesha Store Online: In the beginning of the year, the PA/PLO, along with
Gush Shalom, called for a boycott of products produced in Yesha, with
the argument that every shekel for Yesha is a shekel against peace.
Using the boycott list as a supplier list, Ealan Hirshfeld started the
Yesha Ze Kan store, a store selling products produced in the Jewish
settlements of Judea, Samaria and Gaza, located at the corner of King
George an Jaffa Road in Jerusalem. "I would venture to say that the
relative share of the population of Yesha in Israel's overall GNP is
impressive," Hirshfeld said. "The store offers a broad selection of
products including gift items -- arts, jewelry, etc., food products,
toys and books as well as many other products from Yesha. The artists
include people who already have a worldwide reputation, such as
Nachshon, as well as artists not yet known to the general public." Due
to the early success of the store, many factories have had hire more
workers to keep up with the demand for products. Based on this success,
he has now opened an online store located at: http://come.to/yesha. "Our
website," Hirshfeld said, "right now offers a limited selection of
products. The prices are in dollars and we have not yet completed making
provisions for secure on line credit card payment so for the time being
payment is by check. The prices are in dollars and include shipping to
North America and Europe. Our plan is that the website will be much more
than a retail store. It will serve as a showcase for the entire range of
Yesha producers -- both of consumer and industrial goods." (IMRA)

List of People Murdered by Palestinian Terrorists since the Oslo
Accords: An updated list of people murdered by Palestinian terrorists
since the Oslo Accords has been compiled and posted to the Prime
Minister's Office web site. The list is available at the following
address: http://www.pmo.gov.il/english/policy/pp-141098.html

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
FYI - Israel In The News
"For Zion's sake will I not hold my peace,
and for Jerusalem's sake I will not rest" Isaiah 62:1

'F.Y.I.' may be reproduced & distributed in any form. Please give proper
credit.
Send comments to Lee Underwood at: fyi@tzemach.org
(Do not send subscription requests here)
To subscribe/unsubscribe, go to: http://www.tzemach.org/fyi/subfyi.htm
Web site: http://www.tzemach.org/fyi
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++


Hail the King is Coming
By Terry Denbow

Written in chapters 2 and 3 of the book of Revelation are warnings given
to the church. Jesus' final words before His return of the promised
wrath which about to come on the whole earth. Warnings concerning
self-righteousness, selfishness, idolatry, immorality, boastful pride,
deadness, and departure of their first love. Warnings that if they
don't repent and turn to Him He would remove the golden lampstands from
their midst. The only thing that illuminates the golden lampstands is
Him. You see, we have no light source or power source outside of Him.
We are merely a reflection of His marvelous light.

As I examined the scripture more closely I noticed something in how He
had written the warnings. Each one was prefaced with a statement about
who He was followed by a promise to those who would overcome. I
pondered as to why He would do that and then I realized what He was
saying and is still saying. In the midst of the warnings He is making
one last attempt of winning us back to Him. He is telling us to please
stop sinning I love you and I want you, don't leave Me. A bridegroom
still in love with His bride still trying to win her heart. Let me show
you what I mean.

Revelation V2:1, The One who holds the 7 stars in His right hand, the
One who walks among the 7 golden lampstands,...

The seven stars and lampstands are us, the church. The fact that they
are gold is the sign of purity that is ours through the blood of our
Lord Jesus. Making us totally and completely acceptable in His sight.

As you look closer than that you see something more intimate that He
wants us to know:
Rev. 2:1(continues) "The One who holds"... Jesus holds, embraces us in
His right hand. His right hand is a symbol of strength. If we are
right-handed and we wanted to be sure we had a better grip on something
we wanted to hold onto, we would hold it in our right hand. With Jesus
holding us we are protected, safe, loved and secure in the arms of our
loving God. Just as it says in John 10:28:, "I give eternal life to
them, and they shall never perish; and no one shall snatch them out of
My hand."

Rev. 2:1(continues) "The One who walks among" suggests an intimacy that
is shared between married couples. Like a romantic walk on the beach
with the God of the universe! Closer than close, nearer than near to
Him who loves you and gave Himself for you. He desires to spend time
with you. Not out of obligation but love.

Here's the promise.
Rev. 2:7 To him who overcomes I will grant to eat of the tree of life,
which is in the Paradise of God.
He wants to take us out to eat! A special little place He knows that
will be "our place". The food is excellent and the atmosphere is
incredible. Jesus, the personal God, who wants to share time and
eternity with us.

2:8 The first and the last, who was dead, and has come to life.
He is a mighty and valiant Warrior. A Hero and a Conqueror that always
wins. He has conquered death and he will fight for you till the death.
He already did when He poured out His blood, gave His last breath so
that you could live. He honored you while you were still dead in your
sins by showing His love on the cross.

The promise
2:11 He who overcomes shall not be hurt by the 2nd death.

Jesus won't hurt you. Many times when we are hurt by someone we refuse
to let anyone else in, even Jesus. We draw a mental perimeter around us
and chart it as a place where no man has gone before or once did and I
won't let that happen again. God's promises are true and trustworthy.
He won't hurt you.

2:12 The One who has the sharp two-edged sword..."

He tells the truth. He doesn't lie. You can trust Him. Every word in
His word, the Bible, is consistently, infallibly, absolutely truth.

The promise
Rev. 2:17, "To him who overcomes, to him I will give some of the hidden
manna, and I will give him a white stone, and a new name written on the
stone, which no one knows but he who receives it.

He wants to share delicacies with you. Give you a white stone. A pure
gem not a paper weight. Then give you a new name. A special name,
just between you and Him.

2:18 The Son of God, who has eyes like a flame of fire, and His feet
are like burnished bronze...

He works out! None is His equal in looks because He is striking and
powerful combined with love and tenderness.

The promise
2:26 To he who overcomes and he who keeps My deeds until the end, to
him I will give authority over the nations and he shall rule them with a
rod of iron as the vessel of the potter are broken to pieces as I also
have received authority from My Father; and I will give him the morning
star.

He wants to share everything with you and give you more than the world
has to offer or ever could. You will be kings and queens ruling by His
side.

Morning star
In chapter 22:16 of Revelation Jesus refers to Himself as the morning
star. He is willingly, lovingly giving you Himself. Giving you His
heart.

3:1 He who has the 7 Spirits of God and the 7 stars

7 Spirits
All the fullness of God. All His attributes saying who He is. All His
power, His deity, all of His love, all of His faithfulness and the list
goes on and on. Everything that is the Holy Spirit, that gives life and
dwells within us; so close at times, you can hardly breathe.

The promise
He who overcomes shall thus be clothed in white garments; and I will
not erase his name from the book of life; and I will confess his name
before My Father, and before His angels.

Clothed in white garments
He will adorn you in the most beautiful clothes, designed just for you.

I will not erase his name from the book of life
He won't leave you at the alter or leave you for another.

I will confess his name before My Father, and before His angels.
He will introduce to His Father and the rest of the family and not be
ashamed but proud to call you His.

Rev.3:7, He who is holy, who is true, who has the key of David, who
opens and will not shut and who shuts and who shuts and no one opens.

He is pure, real, authentic, genuine, and not phony. He doesn't
exaggerate to make Himself look better....He is better!! He is in
command and in control and all of heaven obeys His every word.

The Promise
3:12 He who overcomes, I will make him a pillar in the temple of My
God, and he will not go out from it anymore; and I will write upon him
the name of My God...

If we will stay by His side and love Him, He will give us a permanent
place in His house. We will be brought into the family of God where we
will experience His goodness always.

3:14 The Amen, the faithful and true Witness, the Beginning of the
creation of God.

He is faithful. He doesn't cheat. He's got a good reputation and is
well respected. There is something so special about Him that He is set
apart from everyone and everything else. He makes you laugh. He
listens to you. He dries your tears. He gives you hope and strength.
You find yourself loving everything about Him.

The Promise
3:21 He who overcomes I will grant to him to sit down with Me on My
throne.

He will display for everyone in heaven that you are His and you will be
by His side throughout all eternity.

The one theme that is consistent throughout all the warnings to the
churches is that they weren't in love with Jesus. They did not choose
to overcome the temptations of their own desires and surrender to
Jesus. He wasn't first. You want to be first and you don't deserve
anything but hell. Yet out of His great love He put you ahead of His
own desires. Pry yourself away from the sins that set you apart from
our Lord, and fall in love with the Creator of the universe. Put
yourself in a place of worship and submission to the One who is
returning to pour out His wrath on the earth. This may be your last
warning.

Matthew 24:36-42, "But of that day and hour no one knows, not even the
angels of heaven, nor the Son, but the Father alone. For the coming of
the Son of Man will be just like the days of Noah, for as in those days
which were before the flood they were eating and drinking, they were
marrying and giving in marriage, until the day that Noah entered the
ark,...Therefore be on the alert, for you do not know which day your
Lord is coming."

e-mail biblebabe@eee.org


++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++


PUSHING AGAINST THE ROCK

There was a man who was asleep one night in his cabin when suddenly his
room filled with light and the Savior appeared. The Lord told the man
he had work for him to do, and then He showed him a large rock in front
of his cabin. The Lord explained that the man was to push against the
rock with all his might.

He did, day after day. For many years he toiled from sun up to sun
down, his shoulders set squarely against the cold, massive surface of
the unmoving rock pushing with all his might.

Each night the man returned to his cabin sore and worn out, feeling that
his whole day had been spent in vain.

Seeing that the man was showing signs of discouragement, Satan decided
to enter the picture, placing thoughts into the man's mind such as:
"You have been pushing against that rock for a long time and it hasn't
budged. Why kill yourself over this? You are never going to move it!"
Thus, Satan was naturally giving the man the impression that the task
was impossible and that he was a failure.

These thoughts discouraged and disheartened the man even more. "Why
kill myself over this?" he thought. "I'll just put in my time, giving
just the minimum of effort and that will be good enough."

And that he planned to do, until one day he decided to make it a matter
of prayer and take his troubled thoughts to the Lord. "Lord," he said,
"I have labored long and hard in your service, putting all of my
strength to do that which you have asked. Yet, after all of this time,
I have not even budged that rock a half a millimeter. What is wrong?
Why am I failing?"

To this, the Lord responded compassionately. "My friend, when long ago
I asked you to serve me and you accepted, I told you that your task was
to push against the rock with all your strength, which you have done.
Never once did I mention to you that I expected you to move it. Your
task was to push. And now you come to me, your strength spent, thinking
that you have failed. But is that really so? Look at yourself. Your
arms are strong and muscled, your back sinewy and brown, your hands are
callused from constant pressure, and your legs have become massive and
hard.

Through opposition you have grown much, and your abilities now surpass
that which you used to have. Yet, you haven't moved the rock. But your
calling was to be obedient and to push and to exercise your faith and
trust in my wisdom. This you have done. I, my friend, will now move
the rock."

-- Author unknown
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++