Prophe-Zine, Issue # 25
Sept 1, 1996

Raymond Gano..........Welcome to Issue # 25
Don D. Srail ....Know Where The Last Jihad Takes Place
Rowland Croucher...Every Christian should be a Thelogian
Berit Kjos... Matilda Spells M-A-G-I-C
Prophe-Zine News Bites ....Assorted News sources and faithful readers
	Gizmonic@cctrap.com.... The Occult comes out into the Open.
	Brain/Computer Interface Via Implantable Chips
	World Council Finds Spirituality In Pagan Practices
	Lee Underwood .... F.Y.I. - Israel In The News
	Todd Strandberg .....Nearing Midnight Update

**************

Welcome to PZ # 25

Hello all,

Thank you for being patient in getting this issue. I have purposly delayed
publication because of what is happening in the middle east.

Being a good student of Bible Prophecy I have been keeping my eye on the
middle east and the happenings over there. Here is some things that are
going on right now and are making the flags go up in my mind.

* Syria is massing troops in and near the Golon. (Rapture Index)
* Jane's Defense reported about 8 months ago a build up of  Russian troops
on or near the Turkey, Iran Iraq border area.
* Just before the Persian Gulf war, Russia signed a treaty with Sadam
stating that they will fight for and on the side of Jihad. (Jane's Defence
weekly)
* We are lobbing missiles in Sadams backyard  WITHOUT U.N. APROVAL. (AP
news 9/3/96)
* Russia and FRANCE and come out heavily against the US and more countries
are joining in. (AP news 9/3/96)
* OSLO II treaty is being VERY bogged down to the point where the PLO is
calling for violence to resolve the situation. (AP news 9/3/96 the leaders
met and was unproductive)
* Egypt is growing very tired of being allied with Israel.
*  Libia is still training Terrorist and hates Israel.
* Russian troops are still in Bosnia ( need verification on this) very
close to the middle east.

These are things that are going on in the world which are setting, in my
opinion, the stage for the Gog Magog war. The real interesting thing is
France coming out against the US. France is VERY Marxist and socialist. We
know by reading Ezek. 38 we can see that Russia, Egypt, Libia, Etheopia,
Syria, Iraq and maybe Iran along with another "nation" from Europe will
attack Isreal. For along time many scholars have been saying East Germany.
Well East Germany is no longer. In hearing Zola Levitt he has come out many
times against France and her stance on Isreal. France is HIGHLY
anti-Semitic and is no friend to Isreal. SO is it possible that France
might be that country?

These are just a few things that have been going on in the world today.
Folks I must say that in my opinion, we are not going to be around much
longer (showing my Pre-Trib mentality here for those of you who hold to the
other theories) Things are not slowing down but speeding up. ALSO, Read the
article by Don D. Srail  titled "Know Where The Last Jihad Takes Place"
This is a new author to PZ and this article is VERY timely.

I also want to tell you about another great ministry that is connected to
Chuck Missler's and that is a Radio Show called Steel on Steel.

The Steel on Steel radio program is broadcasting two programs this weekend
and next week on the four U.N. treaties pending ratification in the United
States Senate:  (1) U.N. Convention on the Rights of the Child; (2)
Biodiversity Treaty; (3) Law of the Sea and (4) U.N. Personnel.  These
treaties will radically change the way of life in America, especially as
concerns property rights and the raising of children.

Both programs (without commericals) are available on a single tape from
Steel on Steel for $7.00 plus postage and handling.  They come with a
copyright release to allow purchasers to make copies for friends.

Call toll-free: (800) 829-5646 or the regular SOS line (208) 765-8337.

SOS has a monthly subscription to all of its programs for $20/mo.:  52
programs all told each year.  Steel on Steel is a non-call-in program;
just hard news and interviews the mainline media are ignoring.  The cost of
the U.N. tape is deducted from the first month's subscription cost.

You can write or call to order or to find out more info at:

John Loeffler
Steel on Steel Productions
P.O. 3358
Hayden, ID 83835-3358

Tel:  (208) 765-8337 / (800) 829-5646
Fax:  (208) 765-2033 / (800) 893-5646

If you are like me and always in need of more info about what the U.N. is
doing. This is a GREAT buy with great info. I can personally vouch for
Berit Kjos, who is one of the speakers. Remember to tell them you read
about it in PZ. Also if you Christian Radio staion near you does not carry
Steel on Steel, Tell them to contact John and he can help them out in
getting it to your neighborhood.

Speaking of Chuck Missler, I am meeting him this Thursday night and I hope
to start carrying his articles as well. Please pray all goes well.

Well that is all in for right now. Who knows what will happen in the next
few days. If you come across ANYTHING of interest. PLEASE email it to me
right away. It does not matter how small or trivial it is. Every piece of
the puzzle is needed to form the picture. And that picture is highly needed
in these days to spread the gospel to those who still do not believe.

So until we meet here or in the clouds with our Lord...

Always in His service,

Ray Gano
Sr. Editor
Prophe-Zine

*******************

Know Where The Last Jihad Takes Place
 by Don D. Srail


There is a problem with interpreters of true Biblical prophecy today. They
should be called speculators, not interpreters. God knows all things from
beginning to end, but man has to wait until the events take place before he
can know perfectly what God already knows as fact. Ezek 38-39 present a
need for such speculation, if indeed it is a description of the last Jihad

C.H. Spurgeon said in an 1862 sermon: "Although I do not despise
prophesying, I entertain a very intense disgust of those who know nothing
about them, and yet pretend to be their interpreters." Things haven't
changed much over the years with self proclaimed experts in prophecy. Yet,
there is a need for speculation or these events will come upon us in
inexcusable ignorance. Let us remember something the Lord Jesus Christ said
to a former generation:

Mat 16:3

And in the morning, It will be foul weather to day: for the sky is red and
lowring. O ye hypocrites, ye can discern the face of the sky; but can ye
not discern the signs of the times?

I contend that until the end time events take place, or someone is given
divine revelation, the best anyone can do in dealing with these passages is
to compare current events with a speculation of compatibility. This is not
interpretation. As current events change, so must the speculation.

The challenge in dealing with Ezekiel 38-39 is: who are the Gog, and how
does the roll of the 2 prophetic Witnesses of Revelations fit into these
future events?

How does it all tie together in the transition and end of our present
dispensation, and the beginning of the next?

God may be about to change the responsibility and relationship we have had
with Him for the last 2000 years?

Are you going to be ready?

Please read Ezek 38-39 at this point!



    1. Ezekiel 38-39 reveal an end time event often referred to as the
coming war with Russia. Looking at current events, and making a comparison.
I am going to make my speculation. Clearly there is an invasion of Israel
by a group of countries. Most of their names we have not heard since the
times of Noah (Gen 10:2-6; 1Chr 1:4-8).

    2. The main thrust is initiated by the Gog from the land of Magog (Ezek
38:2-3).

    3. North of Israel the Caucasus Mountain range runs between the Black
Sea and the Caspian Sea. The peaks are called the Gogh (Gog) of which
Ararat (Noah's landing site) is a peak. The land of Magog probably includes
those  inhabitants north of the Caucasus. If present day Russia (after the
demise of the USSR) were looked at as a rather  lopsided funnel, the spout
would run between the Black and Caspian Seas ending at the Caucasus
Mountains. This is the present border between Russia, Georgia, Azerbaijon,
Chechnya (all probably part of the Gog) and Turkey. The old border between
Russia and Turkey.

    4. Watch the spout as an Islamic Gog prepares for it's final roll in
Jewish history. The Gog are further identified in Ezek 38:2-3 as being "the
chief prince of Meshech and Tubal" (some commentators like W..E.  Heslop
see these as Moscow and Tobolsk the twin capital cities of Russia). These
are first of all names of grandsons of Noah that settled North of the
Caucasus, and are identified there by those who have traced the patriarchal
progenitors.

    5. The New King James Bible has an interesting translation of this same
passage. It reads "the prince of Rosh, Meshech and Tubal" transliterating
"chief" into the Hebrew word "rosh." Rosh is also the present day word used
in Hebrew for Russia. It may be right, or it may also be a translation
influenced by a speculation?

    6. The fact that the Gog are called a prince of Rosh, or even a chief
prince convinces me that they are but a part of a whole population. The
breakaway Russian Moslem countries could be looked at as princes to their
former king.

    7. I can speculate that a part of old Russia (an Islamic part)
instigates an attack on Israel still leaving Russia the nation strong
enough to be the King of the North (Dan 11:40) during the Battle of
Armageddon.

 Much more certain is Persia (Ezek 38:5) modern day Islamic Iran and Iraq
east of Israel. What better cause could join these antagonists together
then the thought to plunder a potentially defenseless Israel (Ezek
38:10-12)?  The next two countries mentioned in Ezek 38:5 are south of
Israel. They are Cush and Libya (transliterated Put or  Phut). Today
religious habitation indicates Southern Africa is considered Christian,
Central Africa is a mix of Islam  and professing Christianity, and Northern
Africa is Moslem. The placement of these two grandsons of Noah are in
Northern Africa. I speculate Cush and Put might represent the Moslem hoards
of Northern Africa?  Last mentioned is Gomer and Togarmah Ezek 38:6. This
grandson and great grandson of Noah settled around the Black Sea. Gomer is
found northeast of the Black Sea (near the spout). The modern day
equivalent would be  those Russians living just north of the Black Sea (a
Moslem stronghold). Togarmah is Turkey a totally Moslem country. Today all
these countries cup Israel putting its back to the Mediterranean Sea. The
buffer countries are Egypt, Lebanon, Jordan, and Syria. None of whom would
be likely to make any objection to an Islamic invasion (Jihad) regardless
of personal peace treaties with Israel. These peoples are of different
races, countries, and cultures. The only  thing they share in common today
is their religion. The participants of Ezekiel 38 & 39 today can only be
Moslem! If  this prophetic passage were to find it's fulfillment today, it
could only be an Islamic invasion of Israel. It would not be  a war with
Russia (only an Islamic part of Russia). It would be the LAST JIHAD
! The big picture of Ezekiel makes Ezek 35 interesting in context because
it is about a judgement of God on the  Edomite neighbors of a former
generation of Jews. The last recorded living Edomite was the infamous King
Herod. They are now extinct as a people. Their demise was due to an
attitude infecting the population:

Ezek 35:11

Therefore, as I live, saith the Lord GOD, I will even do according to thine
anger, and according to thine envy which thou hast used out of thy hatred
against them; and I will make myself known among them, when I have judged
thee.

Modern representatives of the old Edomite neighbors of Israel may well
share the same infection of attitude.

Ezekiel 39 may well be The Last Jihad, and the end of Islam.

These events may take place right after the rapture of the "born again"
Christians (Mat 24:39-42).

The focus of God would surely be recognized as having shifted from the True
Church to the Nation of  Israel. Just as the events of the holocaust caused
the world not to object to Israel reclaiming their land, so the
reverse-holocaust events of Ezek 39:11 would cause the world to give no
objection to the next logical step Israel must  take - rebuilding their
Temple.  The revival of the Jewish Temple is what the last section of
Ezekiel (chapter 34 to the end) is all about.

The built on Mount Moriah is what chapters 38 and 39 are all about. I see
Ezek 38-39 as  transitional. The possessing Church (the real "born again"
Christians) with the power of the Holy Spirit is raptured (1Cor 15:51-54)
taken out of this world, and up to heaven) leaving only the spiritually
powerless (unable to produce  true conversion) professing Church identified
as Apostate Christianity.  However, spiritual impotence is never a handicap
to increasing membership as Liberal Christianity, Neo-evangelicalism, the
cults or the Roman Church well exemplify. Christ will still be the major
part of their Gospel message as it is today, but true conversion never was,
can, nor never will be able to be wrought through them. Without the Holy
Spirit, the message becomes powerless.  Ecstatic emotionalism and mysticism
characterized by the Roman Catholics and Charismatic Christians of today
will be unrestrained with the Holy Spirit's departure at the rapture. It
may well lead to the greatest explosion of professing Christianity Rev 17
the world has ever known, but it will be apostate and false!   Something of
monumental proportion will be necessary to prove God is not impotent in
this religious world left after the rapture.   The utter annihilation of
Islam in Ezek 39 would show the world where it must now look to find
salvation The gospel of apostate Christianity (the leaven of man's works
mixed together with lip service to the grace of  Christ, and the probable
absence of the doctrine of eternal security) will be powerless to produce
true conversion.  I believe Ezek 38-39 is the transition providing the post
rapture world with a place to look for salvation. Just as it was in the 69
weeks of Dan 9, so also will it be in the 70th week - that a place will be
the focus of God and His  Children. The purpose of Ezek 38-39is no mystery
when viewed in transition to the rapture and the beginning of Daniel''s
70th week. God is changing dispensations! His relationship with the Church
has ended. His relationship with Israel of old is being re-established. He
is making His intent clear to the post rapture world!

Ezek 38:16 and thou shalt come up against my people of Israel, as a cloud
to cover the land; it shall be in the latter days and I will bring thee
against my land, that the heathen may know me, when I shall be sanctified
in thee, O Gog, before their eyes.

Ezek 38:23
Thus will I magnify myself, and sanctify myself; and I will be known in the
eyes of many nations, and they shall know that I am the LORD.

Ezek 39:6-7  (See also Revelations 11:5 linking the Two Witnesses to these
events)

And I will send a fire on Magog, and among them that dwell carelessly in
the isles: and they shall know that I am the LORD.

So will I make my holy name known in the midst of my people Israel; and I
will not let them pollute my holy name any more: and the heathen shall know
that I am the LORD, the Holy One in Israel.

Ezek 39:22-25

So the house of Israel shall know that I am the LORD their God from that
day and forward.

And the heathen shall know that the house of Israel went into captivity for
their iniquity: because they trespassed against me, therefore hid I my face
from them, and gave them into the hand of their enemies: so fell they all
by the sword.

According to their uncleanness and according to their transgressions have I
done unto them, and hid my face from them.

Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Now will I bring again the captivity of
Jacob, and have mercy upon the whole house of Israel, and will be jealous
for my holy name;

       Ezek 39 is not a war. Though the enemy comes for war, the victory is
an act of God; a picture to the whole world of  things to come in some 7
short years (Daniel's 70th week ending in Armageddon).  A number of things
might happen with the fall of the Islamic Arabs of Persia and their allies.

    1.Israel would increase in land possession (including those losses
traded away for a secularized peace).

    2.The Anti-Christ: leading a 10 nation Western confederacy Rev 13:1
could see his control over the oil fields becoming possible. He could see
making Bagdad/Babylon the banking capital of the new world order as it
appears  in Rev 18.

    3.With his power in the West, and his potential wealth in the East, a
treaty with Israel would become paramount.

    4.The signing of such a treaty with secular heads of Israel would
signal to a new faithful religious element the beginning of Daniel's 70th
week (Dan 9:27).

    5.There would be no need for objection to a Jewish Temple. Islam's
pride will be lying dead on the mountains of Israel (Ezek 39:4).

    6.The Anti-Christ would be most likely to consider treaty rather then
force at this time.

A speculation about the mission of the TWO WITNESSES of Rev 11.  They will
be the future equivalents of Ezra's High Priest Joshua and head
administrator Zerubbabel.  They will have 42 months to build and establish
Temple Worship (notice a link between the TWO WITNESSES and the Temple in
Rev 11 One might be designated High Priest while the other administrative
Prince of Israel? Like 2 olive trees ( Rev 11:4 and Zech 4:3) of an earlier
time with similar mission. Their call to rebuild the Temple, and support by
144,000 Jews (12,000 each living where the old tribes were located) might
well be the  catalyst of Ezek 38-39.  With the end of Islam, the Jews would
now be free to build Ezekiel's Temple (Ezek 40-42), and establish the
chronology in the last section of Ezekiel.  Ezekiel saw two returns. In the
first (Ezra's day) there was no fulfillment of Chapters 38 & 39, but in our
day of the second return it could find it's fulfillment.

Beginning in Ezek 34 with an indictment against all secularized Jewish
leaders applicable to those past and present.
Ezek 35 about Israel's hate filled neighbors both former and modern.

Ezek 36-37 where the "dry bones" of both Ezekiel's day and today come together.

Then the "last Jihad" of Ezek 38-39 yet to be realized.

Culminating in the Temple of Ezek 40-48 which is yet to be built where
Jesus Christ will sit on His throne Ezek 43:7.

  Continuing to see the shift from the Church to the Nation of Israel and
it's Temple.

    1.The Levits (possibly 12,000 Jews called from Jerusalem proper)
reappear in Rev 7, and would provide the High Priest with his Temple
workers and priests during the first half of the 7 year tribulation.

    2.The Anti-Christ kills the TWO WITNESSES (Rev 11:7) designating the
beginning of Jacob's Trouble (Midpoint of The Tribulation). Their 42 month
task of rebuilding and establishing Temple Worship will have been
completed.

    3.Faithful Jews (including the 144,000 of Revelations 7 and gentile
strangers converted to the Jewish Messiah (established in the past Lev
19:33-34 and continued in the future Ezek 47:23) flee Jerusalem and the
Temple under the protection of God. It will be abandoned to the
Anti-Christ, and secular Jews for the last 42 months.

The Anti-Christ desecrates the Temple.

       He then spends the last 42 months (Rev 11-19) trying to destroy the
faithful Jewish remnant with those acceptable  Gentile strangers (Exodus
12:48).  Outdo those miracles previously preformed through the TWO
WITNESSES.  And, suffers the increasing wrath of God.

While I'm speculating, let me look at the events at the very end of Jacob's
Trouble from Zechariah's view.

Those events might force the Anti-Christ to flee Jerusalem, or at least
cause his power over the city to end.

The converging armies that will gather for Armageddon might give the Jewish
remnant a momentary opportunity to return to the city and the Temple.

The King of the North (Russia) would be the new invader of Jerusalem during
those last days of the Tribulation.

Half the city will be captive on the last day of the events of Zech 12-14,
but it would allow for a final revival among secular Jews who did not flee
with the faithful. They will have suffered under the Anti-Christ as many
Jews suffered under Antiochus Epiphanes or the Nazi occupation .

God will give one final plea for those who still haven't been circumcised
in their heart.

Zech 12:10

And I will pour upon the house of David, and upon the inhabitants of
Jerusalem, the spirit of grace and of supplications: and they shall look
upon me whom they have pierced, and they shall mourn for him, as one
mourneth for his only son, and shall be in bitterness for him, as one that
is in bitterness for his firstborn.

Zech 13:6

And one shall say unto him, What are these wounds in thine hands? Then he
shall answer, Those with which I was wounded in the house of my friends.

Zech 13:9

And I will bring the third part through the fire, and will refine them as
silver is refined, and will try them as gold is tried: they shall call on
my name, and I will hear them: I will say, It is my people: and they shall
say, The LORD is my God.

Although Islam's end is catastrophic, God still provides for the individual.

Ezekiel's Temple will also have an outer court as did all the previous
Jewish Temples.

The outer court is where the gentile is welcome. It will be the place where
Moslem, Apostate Christian, or any other non-Jew will be able to find the
only God of the Bible, and all eternity.

It is where they will find The Lord Jesus Christ, God's only begotten Son.

He alone is the King of the Jews, and Savior of any who will seek Him with
all their heart, and all their soul, and all their might.

Mat 11:28-30

28 Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give
you rest.

29 Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in
heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls.

30 For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light. (KJV)

Comments mail to:DSRAILL@mail.infoave.net

*******************

EVERY CHRISTIAN SHOULD BE A THEOLOGIAN
By Rowland Croucher

God chose what is foolish in the world to shame the wise; God chose what is
weak in the world to shame the strong.

 The gifts that he gave were that some should be... teachers, to equip  the
saints for the work of ministry, for building up the body of Christ, until
all of us come to the unity of the faith and of the knowledge of the Son of
God, to maturity... We must no longer be children, tossed to and fro and
blown about by every wind of doctrine, by people's trickery, by their
craftiness... But speaking the truth in love, we must grow up.  Do not be
children in your thinking; rather, be infants in evil, but in thinking be
adults.  Therefore let us go on... leaving behind the basic teaching about
Christ, and not laying again the foundation...  Do your best to present
yourself to God as one  approved by him, a worker who has no need to be
ashamed, rightly explaining the work of truth.

 I want their hearts to be united in love, so that they may have all the
riches of assured understanding and have the knowledge of God's mystery,
that is, Christ himself, in whom are hidden all the treasures of wisdom and
knowledge.  As you therefore have received Christ Jesus the Lord, continue
to live your lives in him, rooted and built up in him and established in
the faith, just as you were taught, abounding in thanksgiving.  So if you
have been raised with Christ, seek the things that are above, where Christ
is, seated at the right hand of God. See your minds on things that are
above, not on things that are on earth.

Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly; teach and admonish one  another
in all wisdom; and with gratitude in your hearts sing psalms, hymns, and
spiritual songs to God. And whatever you do, in word or deed, do everything
in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father through him.

The sower sows the word.  These are the ones on the path where the word is
sown : when they hear, Satan immediately comes and takes away the word that
is sown in them.  And these are the ones sown on rocky ground: when they
hear the word, they immediately receive it with joy. But they have no root,
and endure only for a while; then, when trouble or persecution arises on
account of the word, immediately they fall away.  And others are those sown
among the thorns: these are the ones who hear the word, but the cares of
the world, and the lure of wealth, and the desire for other things come in
and choke the word, and it yields nothing. And these are the ones sown on
the good soil: they hear the word and accept it and bear fruit, thirty and
sixty and a hundredfold.

     O that my ways may be steadfast
        in keeping your statutes!
     Then I shall not be put to shame,
        having my eyes fixed on all your
             commandments.
     I will praise you with an upright
             heart,
        when I learn your righteous
             ordinances.

     Blessed are you, O LORD;
        teach me your statutes.
     With my lips I declare
        all the ordinances of your mouth.
     I delight in the way of your decrees
        as much as in all riches.
     I will meditate on your precepts,
        and fix my eyes on your ways.
     I will delight in your statutes;
        I will not forget your word.
     Open my eyes, so that I may behold
        wondrous things out of your law.
     My soul is consumed with longing
        for your ordinances at all times.
     Make me understand the way of
             your precepts,
        and I will meditate on your
             wondrous works.
     Put false ways far from me;
        and graciously teach me your law.
     I run the way of your
             commandments,
        for you enlarge my understanding.
     Teach me, O LORD, the way of your
             statutes,
        and I will observe it to the end.
     Give me understanding, that I may
             keep your law
        and observe it with my whole
             heart.
     Lead me in the path of your
             commandments,
        for I delight in it.
     See, I have longed for your precepts;
        in your righteousness give me life.
     I shall walk at liberty,
        for I have sought your precepts.
     I revere your commandments, which
             I love,
        and I will meditate on your
             statutes.
     Teach me good judgment and
             knowledge,
        for I believe in your
             commandments.
     Your hands have made and fashioned
             me;
        give me understanding that I may
             learn your commandments.
     I will never forget your precepts,
        for by them you have given me
             life.
     Your word is a lamp to my feet
        and a light to my path.
     I incline my heart to perform your
             statutes
        forever, to the end.
     I am your servant; give me
             understanding,
        so that I may know your decrees.
     Your righteousness is an everlasting
             righteousness,
        and your law is the truth.
     Your decrees are righteous forever;
        give me understanding that I may
             live.
     My eyes are awake before each
             watch of the night,
        that I may meditate on your
             promise.

     1 Corinthians 1:27; Ephesians 4:11-15; 1 Corinthians 14:20; Hebrews
     6:1; 2 Timothy 2:15; Colossians 1:2-3; 2:6-7; 3:1-2, 16-17; Mark
     4:14-20; Psalm 119:6-7,12-16,18,20,27,29,32-25,40,45,48,66,73,93,105,
     112,125,130,135,142,144,148.

     .....

 You are about to do a 'crash course' in the subject Bible college and
seminary curricula call theology. (If you have not read many books about
Christianity, and a quick skim of this chapter turns you off, skip it and
come back to it later).

Theology' comes from two Greek words - theos, God, and logos, word,
thought.  Theology is about God, and how God's will is to be done on  earth
as it is in heaven. 'Every Christian is called to be a theologian' (Karl
Barth): it isn't a specialized, abstract discipline reserved for academics
(Luke 10:21). Indeed the best theology doesn't  come from 'top down' (from
the dogma of 'authorities' Mark 1:22), but is done from bottom up: theology
is about life.

Because God is beyond our finite understanding, our questions will  always
outnumber our answers, so we come to this task not as proud know-alls but
as humble and teachable learners.

Everything we do, individually or as churches, has a theological dimension.
Theology is about ultimate reality.  Theology helps us to know who we are,
to discover our identity. It aids our understanding of the church's and our
denomination's roots, and to reflect on how the past relates to the issues
we face today.  Good theology also studies the faith-stories of others, and
helps us understand what God is doing  in their histories.

Every church should be a miniature theological seminary (Elton  Trueblood).
It is amazing that church leaders may be highly skilled in their profession
or trade, but still be in kindergarten theologically. As one layman said,
'We are better trained in our secular jobs than in the great ideasof our
faith'.  Pastors are the churches' resident 'professional theologians'.
Their role as teachers is to make theologians of every Christian.

There is a lot of bad theology around, and bad theology can lead to bad
behaviour - bigotry, greed, self-interest, sexual immorality, ignoring  or
rationalizing injustices, etc.  Here are eight tests of a 'good theology':

1. CHRISTOLOGICAL. Good theology begins with 'The Lord our God, the Lord is
One' (Deuteronomy 6:4) and quickly adds 'Jesus is Lord' (Romans 10:9, 1
Corinthians 12:3).  Jesus is both fully divine and fully human. Western
Christians have been more preoccupied with Christ's divinity: he is 'very
God of very God'; third world theology with his humanity: God's solidarity
with suffering 'nonpersons'.  A good theology agrees with Jesus' emphases -
particularly about love and justice.

2. BIBLICAL. Scripture is the written record of what God has said and  done
(and is still saying and doing). So Bible study - alone and with others -
is crucial if we are to find the will of God for our lives. Scripture is
like a deep mine:  and we've still only scratched the  surface: 'the Lord
has yet more truth' to be mined, if we dig with humility!

3. COVENANTAL theology is a community's response to God's grace.  Covenants
start with God (eg. Genesis 6:18, Exodus 6:4-5) and his  desire: 'I will be
your God, and you shall be my people' (Genesis 17:7, 2 Corinthians 6:16-18,
Revelation 21:2-3). The redeemed community celebrates the covenant in
worship, and 'keeps' the covenant through loving obedience.

4. EVANGELICAL theology is 'good news for the poor': the poor inspirit, who
hunger and thirst for what is right (Matthew 5:3,5); the hungry and
oppressed poor, whom the Lord will feed and console (Luke 6:20-25).  Jesus
believed his theology was authentic because it was 'good news proclaimed to
the poor' (Luke 7:22).  When Paul had his  version of the good news
'checked out' by the apostles in Jerusalem, they - and he - were concerned
about 'remembering the poor' (Galatians 2:10).

5. CONFESSIONAL: If your theology is worth anything, it is worth giving
away!  Every Christian is to be a witness (Luke 24:48; Acts 1:8),
confessing what he or she has experienced of Christ, even though this may
result in suffering or persecution (Matthew 10:38) - even martyrdom (Acts
22:20, Revelation 2:13, 17:6). 'A Christian is someone who's met  one'.
There is no such thing as secret discipleship: either secrecy kills the
discipleship or discipleship kills the secrecy (Richard  Glover).

6. CONTEXTUAL: Good theology is done within the context of our real  life
in the world: we must develop a 'theology of everyday life'. In particular,
it ought to be prophetic, offering a critique of social and  political
reality. For example there's the old question of theodicy: Si  deus, unde
malum? If there is a God where does evil come from? Today, less abstractly,
Si malum, unde deus?  If this be evil, where is God? Where is God, when
fathers and mothers watch their children dying of malnutrition? When people
are chained body and soul to unjust structures? When the water and air are
polluted, the forests shrinking,  the earth ravaged?  A good theology will
save the church from  identifying too closely with the surrounding social
order.  It cannot be a racial church, or a class church, or a male church,
or a national church (Galatians 3:28; cf. also Romans 10:12, 1 Corinthians
12:13).  And a good theology will also concern itself with the whole
creation, fallen and yet-to-be-redeemed (Romans 8:19ff.) from the ravages
of 'natural' and human exploitation.

7. EMPIRICAL: Good theology works in our experience! 'Is anything too  hard
for the Lord?' (Genesis 18:14) may be the key statement of the  whole
Bible. God who delivered his people 'with mighty deeds' from the
distresses of sin, oppression, sickness, and sometimes even death (Psalm
103:1-7) is a God whose power is still the same today (Isaiah 50:2, 59:1).

More importantly, a good theology (or, better, the grace of God at work in
our lives) produces more love, joy, peace - the 'fruit of the Spirit'.  And
when Jesus promised us his peace (John 14: 27) he was serious. Hence the
importance of spiritual theology or spirituality, alongside systematic,
moral and other theologies. Spiritual theology teaches us that 'everything
is grace' (Karl Rahner).  It helps open our eyes in childlike wonder and
surprise to see all of life as 'gift'.
 Such theology helps us to be grateful (Ephesians 5:20) and 'graceful':  it
sees primarily the goodness of God in creation and the image of God in
humankind, as well as our 'fallenness'. A theologian, said Evagrius
Ponticus in the 4th century, 'is one whose prayer is true'. But
goodtheology is more than 'mystical'; it is also reconciling, forgiving,
peacemaking.

 8. ESCHATOLOGICAL: Eschatology (from the Greek eschatos, 'last') is the
study of the 'last things'. The future belongs to God, not the Bomb or a
disappearing ozonosphere. Good theology is hope-full:  what Godhas done for
people in the past (particularly when they cried out in their distress and
God acted), God will continue to do! So even in our despair we trust 'the
God of hope' (Romans 15:13) whose kingdom is  surely coming. How are we
redemptively involved in this process? Through loving justice, practising
mercy, and living in a humblerelationship with God, says Jesus (Matthew
23:23; cf. Micah 6:8).

Ultimately Christ is the unifying person and factor in all our thinking and
reflecting and doing. He is the One who holds this fragmented, sin-scarred
universe together and in whom everything will become united. Only this
conviction will help us to be 'joyful in hope' and 'patient in trouble'
(Romans 12:12) as all things 'fit into a pattern for good' (Romans 8:28)
for those who love God.

Theology is the study of God and his ways. For all we know, dung beetles
may study humans and their ways and call it humanology. If so, we would
probably be more touched and amused than irritated. One hopes that God
feels likewise.

Frederick Buechner, Wishful Thinking, London, Collins, 1973, p.91.

There are certain words that frighten people. 'Theology' is one of them.
Some people regard theology as something extremely dry and remote from
Christian living. Others regard the word with suspicion... This attitude
arises very largely through ignorance of the simple meaning of theology...
The term embraces the whole body of Christian doctrine and  if we
understand it this way we may be less frightened by theology...

There is therefore no need to be alarmed at theology: to understand it
will make for intelligent Christian faith and living. At the heart of
every doctrine of Holy Scripture we are brought to the very heart of  God -
the God who was in Christ reconciling the world to himself... This is the
God who reveals himself in holy scripture, and this God is our God for ever
and ever.

 G.C.D.Howley, 'Christian Theology', The Witness, (Glasgow), September1956,
p. 183.

 The supreme goal of theology: so to know about God that you know him, and
so to know him that you reflect him.

Michael Green, 'The Theologian' in John Eddison (ed), 'BASH': A Study in
Spiritual Power, Basingstoke, Hants UK: Marshalls, 1983, p. 93

God is UNCONDITIONAL love and forgiveness. To me [this] belief is more than
a theological proposition which one accepts in the mind. It is rather a
basic assumption by which one lives and does one's work...  We know so
little about God apart from Jesus, the human face of God, in
whom he has said all we need to know, while leaving many things ambiguous.
Human existence is surrounded by mystery, often painful mystery, but out of
the heart of it, God has spoken to his Son. I have  come to believe
profoundly in that unconditional love of God. There is nothing I can do to
make him love me more; there is nothing I can do to make him love me less.

Tom Keyte, The Chronicles of a 'Luckie Fellowe', Melbourne:  self-
published, 1991 pp. 161-162.

Jesus taught that we should love God with our minds, and the capacity to
analyse statements, detect hidden presuppositions, and distinguish the
primary from the secondary are all important intellectual benefits which
theological study, when rightly approached, will yield. The  modern student
who is prepared to have his or her mind stretched while remaining
faithfully humble before the Lord has nothing to fear from an academic
study of the Bible. It will not inevitably confuse one's mind or cool one's
love. (It is sometimes forgotten that Wesley felt
his heart 'strangely warmed' after listening to an intellectual preface to
a theological commentary on the most doctrinal of the New Testament
epistles!). And on the positive side, one's preaching and teaching will
increase in value as one's knowledge of Scripture deepens, because true
theology is as inextricably bound up with proclamation as the gospel is
involved in the total message of the Bible. It was not with any desire to
belittle academic study that the theologian James Denney wrote: 'I have not
the smallest interest in a theology that cannot be preached.'

David Field, Approach to Theology, London: Inter-varsity Press, 1969 pp. 6-7

God's Word alone is and should remain the only standard and rule, to which
the writings of no man should be regarded equal, but to it everything
should be subordinated.

Martin Luther, quoted in John Warwick Montgomery, 'Current Religious
Thought', Christianity Today, March 24, 1978, p.57.

While we deliberate, he reigns; when we decide wisely, he reigns; when we
decide foolishly, he reigns; when we serve him in humble loyalty, he
reigns; when we serve him self-assertively, he reigns; when we rebel and
seek to withold our service, he reigns - the Alpha and the Omega which is,
and which was, and which is to come, the Almighty.

Archbishop William Temple, quoted in a Christianity Today editorial,
September 27, 1968, pp. 36-37.

If there were no God, there could be no such word as 'responsible'. No
criminal need fear a judge who does not exist; nor would there be any need
to worry about a law that had not been passed... There is someone to whom
we are accountable; otherwise the concept of responsibility  could have no
meaning.

It is precisely because God is, and because we are made in his image and
accountable to him, that theology is so critically important. Christian
revelation alone has the answer to life's unanswered questions about God
and human destiny...

As one not wholly unacquainted with Greek thought, I state it as my  belief
that but one of Isaiah's eloquent chapters, or David's inspired Psalms,
contains more real help than all the output of the finest minds in Greece
during the centuries of her glory...

The secret of life is theological, and the key to heaven as well. welearn
with difficulty, forget easily and suffer many distractions. Therefore we
should set out hearts to study theology. we should preach it from our
pulpits, sing it in our hymns, teach it to our children, and make it the
subject of conversation when we meet with Christian friends.

A.W.Tozer, 'There is no Substitute for Theology', The Life of Faith, April
6, 1961, pp. 281-282.

There are three obvious functions that good theology can perform. First, it
edifies the church, which is founded on, and lives by, the word of God...
The function of theology is to keep the church's memory fresh and to rouse
it from forgetfulness with respect to important features of God's
revelation. Second, theology is summoned to preserve the truth, because the
church is always in danger of losing it. In this world, where evil powers
are abroad, the truth is never safe, and weare charged with guarding the
gospel (2 Timothy 1:14). One thing that worried Paul was the possibility
that Satan might deceive the church by his cunning and lead it astray from
a pure devotion to Christ (2 Corinthians 11:13). We stand in constant
danger of twisting or losing the truth of God. Third, theology is the art
of communicating the gospel in all its richness... If we would just display
the beauty of God and the gospel, and show it for what it is - the pearl of
greatest price - hungry souls would be attracted to it. Biblical answers
are relevant to contemporary questions; the work of theology is to show how
they are.

Clark Pinnock, 'Why Do We Need Theology?' Canadian Baptist, June 1981, p.44.

Imagine a line punctuated by five types of theology. At one end, the first
type is simply the attempt to repeat a traditional theology or version of
Christianity... At the other extreme, the fifth type gives complete
priority to some modern secular philosophy or worldview, and Christianity
in its own terms is only valid in so far as it fits in with that... Type
two gives priority to the self-description of the Christian community...
'faith seeking understanding.' It  insists that... Christianity itself
continually needs to be rethought and that theology must engage seriously
with the modern world in its quest for understanding... Type three comes
exactly at the middle of the line. It is a theology of correlation. It
brings traditional Christian faith and understanding into dialogue with
modernity, and tries to correlate the two in a wide variety of ways... The
fourth type uses a particular... modern philosophy... as a way of
integrating Christianity with an understanding of modernity.

David Ford, 'Introduction to Modern Christian Theology' in David Ford
(ed.), The Modern Theologians: An Introduction to Christian theology in the
twentieth century, Oxford: Blackwell, 1989, pp. 2-3

Few current terms are less precise than 'theological pluralism'... The term
gains prestige from the fact that our society is pluralistic. Should not
Christian theology, then, grant 'equal rights' to all shades of doctrinal
opinion...?

One is reminded of the Indian who had to follow poorly marked trails
through the forest. He had to depend upon marking a tree every hundred
yards ot so in order to return home. An enemy who to get lost did not
obliterate the marks: he merely marked all the  trees.

Harold B. Kuhn, 'The Liberal Charade', Christianity Today, August 29, 1975,
p. 51.

The West has its own theological formulations derived from its own cultural
background... Yet in Asia the historical and cultural background is quite
different... and demands careful attention from Asian Christians to their
own cultures in order to make the gospel relevant to their life situation.

Some of the issues we are facing today are communism, poverty,
overpopulation, hunger, suffering, war, demon possession, bribery,
cheating, idolatry, ancestor worship, caste system, secularism, and the
resurging Asian religions of Buddhism, Islam and Hinduism. Asian
theologians must... produce an Asian theology that wrestles with these
problems.

The task... is threefold: [to] search the Scriptures and provide guidelines
to the grass-root churches on key controversial issues such as Christian
responses to sociopolitical situations in Asia...Secondly, [to] encourage
the Asian church to adopt a holistic approach to ministry by caring for the
needs of society... Thirdly, [to] emphasize that the priority of the church
is evangelism and mission in this vast continent which has only 3%
Christian population [but] 60% of the world's population.

Bong Rin Ro, 'Theological Trends in Asia', Themelios, Jan/Feb. 1988, p.57.

Black theology... is a conscious attempt to do theology from within the
experience of black oppression. The very fact that it calls itself 'black'
shows  that it is fully aware of starting from the particular context of
black experience... The theology that comes from and serves the interests
of white people, not surprisingly, does not call itself white theology
because it is not conscious of its limited context.

Similarly the Latin American theology of liberation is a conscious attempt
to do theology in the revolutionary situation of Latin America - dependence
crying out for liberation. The context... is the experience of poverty,
powerlessness and domination, of being totally dependent culturally,
economically, politically and psychologically upon the so-called developed
nations...

Feminist theology... is the experience of being a woman in a man's world;
the experience of being oppressed as a woman... Other theologies are for the
most part thoroughly masculine but they never say that. They naturally
don't call their theology a male chauvinist theology.

Cultural theology - African theology would be a form of this [and] starts
from the context of African culture...

Institute of Contextual Theology, Whose Theology?, Johannesburg, South
Africa: Institute for Contextual Theology, 1985, pp. 5-6.

Anyone's first reaction to the 'good news' should be to find it bad news,
because the condition of receiving the good news is change (what the Bible
calls metanoia, 'conversion'). To be told that we need to change is to be
told that we are presently unsatisfactory...

The source of our discomfort is not third world Christians trying to put us
down. It is not they who are giving us a bad time; rather the Bible is
giving us a bad time. They have not created a new biblical message to make
us feel guilty; they are only calling attention to the old biblical message
we have camouflaged for centuries in order not to feel guilty...

The great hope, surely is that we can begin to be liberated from some of
the false gods - the Bible calls them 'idols' - that have held us in
captivity.

Robert McAfee Brown, Unexpected News: Reading the Bible with Third World
Eyes, Philadelphia: Westminster Press, 1984,pp. 157-160

The choice... is not to retreat to a hermetically sealed 'pure' biblical
theology that is relevant only when it confirms prior ideological
commitments. Rather, the only responsible choice... is to forge a theology
that is committed to seeking harmony between Scripture  and present
obedience.

Martyn Newman, Liberation Theology is Evangelical, Clifton Hill, Victoria:
Mallorn Press, 1990, p. 94.

I was trained in seminary to reflect on religion from the top down - from
dogma and theology down to practical programs - and learned in Christ the
King [parish church] to work with religion from the bottom up - from human
problems and needs to religious responses...

I suspected (and would later prove) that it is the religion of daily
experience and not the religion of propositional theology which has the
greater impact on our behaviour.

[There is] a firm Catholic conviction that God reveals Himself/Herself
through the whole of creation as well as through the official teachings of
the tradition. Everything is grace, as Karl Rahner has put it. For some
things to be a 'Sacrament' with a capital S all things must be a sacrament
with a small s; for God to lurk in the official acts of the Church, S/He
must also lurk in all the objects and events and persons of creation.

Andrew M. Greeley, Confessions of a Parish Priest, New York: Pocket Books,
1987, pp. 245, 404.

 A tall skyscraper could not stand against the wind unless it were built so
that it could sway. An ocean liner, if it could not bend with the waves,
would be broken by them. Flexibility is not the antithesis of structure,
but the condition of preserving it in a changing world. Quite evidently,
then, the Church... precisely because it has a mission to every time and
culture, must be able to adapt its message and its structures. If dogma
were inflexible it would be brittle; but because  dogma has an inbuilt
elasticity it can and will survive.

Avery Dulles, The Survival of Dogma, New York: Crossroad, 1982, p. 203

Philosopher Alfred North Whitehead perceptively stated that 'religions
commit suicide when they find their inspiration in their dogmas'... All
faith statements... involve a tension between mystery and meaning. Too
often [we] subordinate mystery in search of meaning.

Carnegie Samuel Calian, Today's Pastor in Tomorrow's World, Philadelphia:
Westminster Press, 1982, p. 59

I have known pert young ministers fresh from [theological] college bring
forth new things in such a way as to cause the utmost distress to faithful
Christians, who were living by the Word of God long before the minister was
born. After all, we are not saved by knowing that Isaiah 53 was almost
certainly not written by Isaiah; and it may well be that the deaf old
granny in the front row knows more than you will ever understand of what it
means that the Lord hath laid on him the iniquity of us all.

Stephen Neill, On the Ministry, London: SCM Press, 1952, p.86.

It behoves all of us to be accepting of others. Those whose thinking is
rooted in 'simplicity this side of complexity' must not be too harsh with
others who enjoy 'complexity the other side of simplicity'. Ideally, we are
all moving towards 'simplicity the other side of complexity', but we need
to be patient with one another on the way there... So our aim in wrestling
with theological issues is to be both radical and conservative, in
fellowship both evangelical and ecumenical, in attitudes espousing both
truth and love, and in spirituality given both to reflection and action. We
must develop a 'Christian mind' on the big issues of our day, but also
learn to 'fold the wings of the intellect' and open our hearts to God as
well...

Sometimes in our questioning we have lost the 'sure word of the Lord'. But
sometimes, too, in our resistance to change we have not listened to the
wind of the Spirit.

Rowland Croucher, Recent Trends Among Evangelicals, Heathmont, Victoria:
John Mark Ministries, 1991, pp. 40-41.

     .....

     Lord God, what impertinence that we humans should create an academic
     subject called 'theology'. All of life is theology. There is no place
     where you are not present, nothing about which you are unconcerned.  We
     know you a little because you have revealed a little of yourself to us,
     but you have infinitely more to teach us about yourself. Give us a
     hunger and a thirst to know more of you, and knowing more to love you
     more, and loving you more to obey you in this world (not some other
     world), and love the people you cause to cross our path (rather than
     merely loving humanity in the abstract).

     Lord please give me humility to realize that I know so very little;
                         grace to listen to others, who have learnt
                            other things about you;
                         courage to relearn some things I learnt wrongly,
                            or partially;
                         conviction when I put what I learn into preaching,
                         diligence when I put what I learn into practice.

     .....

     God, we praise you:
     Father all-powerful, Christ Lord and Saviour, Spirit of love.
     You reveal yourself in the depths of our being,
     drawing us to share in your life and your love.
     One God, three Persons,
     be near to the people formed in your image,
     close to the world your love brings life.

     Daily Mass Book, Lent 1991-1992 Brisbane, The Liturgical Commission,
     p.217.

     .....

     Benediction: May God who is light illumine your way,
                  May God who is truth enlighten your mind,
                  May God who is love enrich your heart,
                  May God who is grace fill you with his joy
     through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen.

     .....

     FURTHER READING:
 (1) See article on David Tracy in Martin E Marty & Dean G Peerman (eds) A
Handbook of Christian Theologians, 1984, 677 ff.

 (2) James D Smart, The Rebirth of Ministry, 1960, and The Teaching
Ministry of the Church, 1964; Carnegie Samuel Calian, Today's Pastor in
Tomorrow's World, 1982.

(3) Article 'Hermeneutics' in The New Dictionary of Theology, IVP, 1988.

(4) See E J Yarnold, 'Sacramental Theology' in Alan Richardson and John
Bowden (eds.) A New Dictionary of Christian Theology, SCM, 1983, p.516

(5) J. Metz, Theology of the World, 1969.

(6) J.  Moltmann, The Church in the Power of the Spirit, 1977, 106.

(7) Walter Brueggemann et al, To Act Justly, Love Tenderly, Walk Humbly,
1986. See also the booklets published by the Institute for Contextual
Theology, Johannesburg, South Africa (available from A C R, 154 Elizabeth
St Sydney, 2000). Or, part 2 'Towards an Evangelical Theology of Social
Justice' in Rowland Croucher, Recent Trends Among Evangelicals, John Mark
Ministries, 1991.

(8) David Steindl-Rast, Gratefulness, the Heart of Prayer, 1984.  Rowland
Croucher (ed.), Still Waters, Deep Waters:  Meditations and Prayers for
Busy People, Albatross/Lion, 1987

(9) Matthew Fox, Original Blessing: Creation-centred Spirituality, 1983.

(10) Kenneth Leech, True Prayer: An Introduction to Christian Spirituality,
1980.

(11) J. Moltmann, Theology of Hope, 1967.

****************

MATILDA SPELLS M-A-G-I-C
A captivating lesson in "good" occultism

Movie review by Berit Kjos


"Smashing!" proclaimed the movie ads for Universal Studio's recent hit.
"Incredible Fun!" "Matilda will steal your heart!" "A Family Film with a
Message!"

They may be right. Kids love Matilda-both the movie and the best-selling
book by Roald Dahl that inspired it. Dahl, best known for the movie
adaptation of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory was a master at creating
stupid parents and evil authority figures that children love to hate. As if
anticipating today's spreading conviction that educators are more competent
to raise children than are parents, he created Miss Honey, a compassionate
young teacher who eventually replaces Matilda's negligent mom.

Matilda's message exposes today's upside-down values. Children learn that
it's okay to punish mean parents and take revenge on tyrannical principals.
Vandalism is good when the victim is bad. And magic-call it witchraft if
you will-is fun, empowering, kind, and commendable.

Many are seduced by the message. "I loved Matilda because she had
supermagic power," said a girl attending a Christian school.

"Oooo! Why would you want to see movies like that?" her classmate responded.

"Because I like movies about evil people."

Like Matilda's crooked father, played by director Danny deVito, the
monstrous Miss Trunchbull fits the bill. The thuggish principal of a
private elementary school deserves supernatural revenge, doesn't she? After
all, she hurls kids out the window, spins them by their pigtails, calls
them "villanous... slime," and wishes them dead. She stole sweet Miss
Honey's house and probably even killed her father. So why shouldn't the
virtuous Matilda punish her deeds? Nothing could possibly be wrong with
using spells to correct those horrible evils, could it?

Not in this politically correct tale. Vengeance feels good, and the excited
crowds of children and parents cheer each occult victory and applaud
Matilda's gratifying self-assertiveness.  "A fully realized person," exults
the New York Times. Matilda not only sheds the traditional submissive
girl's role, "she navigates an obstacle course of comically abusive adults
by using telekinetic powers... summoned by that ultimate female taboo:
anger."1

Anger is the catalyst that unlocks her power. Since many of Matilda's fans
have already met their heroine through Dahl's popular book, they know all
about that mysterious force. They remember that when she squints her eyes,
focuses on an object, and tells it to move, it obeys her will. It's as
simple as that-at least after some practice!

The book describes the occult formula: Matilda focused her mind on a glass
of water, concentrated her energy, and imagined millions of little hands
pushing the glass with the mysterious force flashing out from her eyeballs.
The glass wobbled and the newt inside squirmed. From her desk in the second
row, the girl "pushed harder still, willing her eyes to shoot out more
power."

"Tip it!" she whispered. The glass tipped, and the water with the newt
"splashed out all over Miss Trunchbull's enormous bosom. The headmistress
let out a yell that must have rattled every window-pane..."2

Wiccan leader Starhawk explains the process: "Magical training varies
greatly, but its purpose is always the same: to open up the...
consciousness that allows us to make contact with the Divine within. The
beginner must develop four basic abilities: relaxation, concentration,
visualization and projection."3

The first three steps work together to alter consciousness and open the
unguarded mind to spiritual forces. The last step, mental projection,
simply means using one's will and imagination to send or transmit spiritual
energy. Contemporary gurus promote it as an essential step toward global
unity. "Visualize Peace," exhorts a popular bumper sticker. And, James
Redfield, author of top-selling book, The Celestine Prophecy, tells
millions of followers that visualizing and projecting spiritual energy
enables people to empower each other and quicken spiritual evolution toward
planetary oneness.

In the book, Miss Honey sensed the gravity of Matilda's strange power. "We
must tread very carefully from now on," she warned.

"Why...."

"Because we are playing with mysterious forces, my child, that we know
nothing about. I do not think they are evil. They may be good. They may
even be divine. But whether they are or not, let us handle them carefully."

The movie gives no such warning, yet Miss Honey's words illustrate the
prevailing view of pagan powers: mysterious, exciting, potentially
dangerous but probably safe and good. This seductive lie has drawn God's
people through the ages from truth to myths and from biblical prayer to
pagan rituals. That our schools, television, popular music, and the United
Nations also promote pagan powers make occultism all the more irresistible.

Unlike today's global leaders who call for a broad all-inclusive
spirituality that embraces all the world's religions, God tells us to shun
"other gods" and their works: "Let no one be found among you who...
practices divination or sorcery, interprets omens, engages in witchcraft,
casts spells... or consults the dead...."4    Instead, "test all things;
hold fast what is good.  Abstain from every form of evil."5 Then God
Himself will guide, guard and strengthen all who follow Him.


To equip your children to resist the earth-centered spirituality that
permeates public schools and movies, read Brave New Schools. Available
through Christian bookstores or call 800-829-5646.

Endnotes:
1The New York Times, August 11,1996.
2Roald Dahl, Matilda (New York: Puffin Books, 1988), 166.
3Starhawk, The Spiral Dance (San Francisco: Harper & Row, 1979), 62.
4Deuteronomy 18:10-13
51 Thessalonians 5:21-23

*********************

Prophe-Zine News Bites

The Occult comes out into the Open.
From: "Justin" <Gizmonic@cctrap.com>

Ray,

Saw this is this week's (29 Aug 1996 ) Newsweek on page 8. I guess this
stuff was bound to happen sooner or later, what with the acceptance other
forms of the occult has in our society.

-justin

Occult

You Cast a Spell in Me

In what must constitute an all-time low in the category of sportsmanship,
San Jose State University's football team has launched a public search for
the woman it believes can put a curse on the competition. "We don't want
anybody injured," says coach John Ralston. "We just want somebody to put a
hex on the other team." The hextress is Josephine Canicatti, 83, who
reportedly cost the Yankees the '55 World Series by casting her "evil eye"
on Casey Stengel. But no one even seems to know if she's alive, much less
where she is. Curses.

++++++++++++++++++++

Brain/Computer Interface Via Implantable Chips

Every now and then one runs across a news article that confirms ones vision
of the future. On page 137 of the August 26, 1995 issue of Science News
there is just such an article. The article "A silicon chip with a lot of
nerve" reports the work of Peter Fromherz and Alfred Stett at the Max
Planck Institute of Biochemistry in Munich. It seems the two researchers
have succeeded in making a silicon chip that can directly stimulate a
single nerve cell without damaging the cell. By propagating a voltage pulse
from a tiny spot on the cell membrane a neuronal impulse can be triggered.
Information flow, in the reverse direction, from cell to chip may be
accomplished using "neuron transistors" which receive ionic nerve impulses
and transform them to electrical impulses on a silicon chip. Though this
research was done using leech nerves, one can easily see that the fantasies
of William Gibson, author of Neuromancer, and others have quietly slipped
into the realm of possibility.

>From herz and Stett's work was origionally published in the August 21, 1995
issue of PHYSICAL REVIEW LETTERS.

+++++++++++++++++++++

World Council Finds Spirituality In Pagan Practices


The following report is from O Timothy magazine, Volume 11, Issue 3, 1994.
David W. Cloud, Editor. All rights are reserved by the author. O Timothy is
a monthly magazine. Annual subscription is US$20 FOR THE UNITED STATES.
Send to Way of Life Literature, Bible Baptist Church, 1219 N. Harns Road,
Oak Harbor, Washington 98277. FOR CANADA the subscription is $20 Canadian.
Send to Bethel Baptist Church, P.O. Box 9075, London, Ontario N6E 1V0.

World Council Finds Spirituality In Pagan Practices

The following are some quotes from a World Council of Churches dialogue
held Dec. 1-5, 1987, in Kyoto, Japan. The theme was "Spirituality in
Interfaith Dialogue," and the amazing testimonies by
those involved show a gross ignorance of the Gospel of Jesus Christ and
true Bible Christianity. The following quotes are from the WCC publication
Spirituality in Interfaith Dialogue edited by Tosh Ari and Wesley
Ariarajah:

       "`Listening to the Silence: Through Zen and Taize' - by Michael
Como--I realized that just as the monks at  Hosshinji [a monastery of Zen
Buddhism where Como was staying] insisted that EACH OF US WAS SHAKYAMUNI
BUDDHA IN OUR OWN BODIES, SO TOO COULD I FIND MARY IN THE
WOMAN BESIDE ME..." (p. 6).

       "Upon arriving here [Hiraizumi] I first stayed with the family of a
Buddhist priest for six months. EVERY MORNING WE CHANTED SUTRAS BEFORE THE
BUDDHA Dainichi, every evening
I prayed before my Franciscan cross and an icon of Mary" (p. 6).

       "I now live in my own house, I CONTINUE TO PRAY DAILY BEFORE MY
JAPANESE- STYLE ALTAR. UPON IT, ALONG WITH THE IMAGES OF JESUS AND MARY, IS
AN ICON OF SHAKYAMUNI BUDDHA..." (p. 7).

       `"Discovering the Incarnation' - by Diana Eck--My own capacity to
`see' the incarnation has been extended greatly by the faith of Hindus.
..." (p. 10).

       "In Shiva's city I began to see that it is precisely in this place,
in the full presence of suffering and death, that HINDUS AFFIRM THE FULL
AND ETERNAL PRESENCE OF SHIVA and the faith of safe-crossing to the far
shore. ..." (p. 11).

       "`Enlightenment through Zen' by Thomas G. Hand, SJ--For almost
twenty years now I have been engaged in interfaith dialogue, especially in
the field of practical spirituality. I am an American Jesuit priest, and I
have lived in Japan for 29 years. FOR SIX YEARS I FORMALLY PRACTICED ZEN
under Yasutani Hakuum Roshi and Yamada Koun Roshi, Kamakura. I am still
doing Zazen. For the past three-and-a-half years I have been on the staff
of Mercy Center, Burlingame, Calif., USA, especially engaged in the
programme of our Institute of Contemporary Spirituality. ..." (pp. 49-50).

       "Beginning with the external and bodily, the main place of most of
our meditations here at Mercy Center is the Rose Room (so called because
the unfolding rose is the symbol of enlightenment in the West just as the
lotus is in the East). On the walls are Japanese shikishi (fine paper
squares) with Zen sayings in Sino-Japanese ideographs, two Taoist paintings
and a picture of the Miroku Bosatsu (Maitreya Bodhisattva) from Koryuji,
Kyoto. These are well received by people and set a good tone to the room.
However, the main shrine or centerpiece has, of course, the cross as
central. IT IS HOPED THAT BEFORE TOO LONG THIS CROSS WILL GIVE WAY TO A
STATUE OF CHRIST SEATED IN MEDITATION, a statue which will include clear
influence from Buddhist statuary in its simplicity and feeling...

       "Another area in which other faith influence is apparent is in our
chanting. We chant briefly at the beginning of meditation periods, in order
to bring our energies together and to create that special silence that
arises after chanting. WE USE THE SACRED SYLLABLE OM IN ITSELF AND ALSO
JOIN IT TO THE HEBREW NAMES OF MARY AND JESUS (Om Miriam, Om Jeshua). At
first glance this may seem like a hybrid, but actually it turns out to be
an excellent chant" (pp. 50,51).

To find supposed spirituality in heathen religions is folly. There is no
spiritual life whatsoever in paganism.

Consider the testimony of Isaiah 8:20--"To the law and to the testimony: if
they speak not according to this word, it is because there is no light in
them."

Consider the testimony of John 14:6--"Jesus saith unto him, I am the way,
the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me."

Consider the testimony of Acts 4:12--"Neither is there salvation in any
other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby
we must be saved."

We see, then, the utter folly of these statements by so-called Christian
leaders who attended the WCC "Spirituality in Interfaith Dialogue." They
are the blind leading the blind.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++

F.Y.I. - Israel In The News
From: Lee Underwood <mbi@digital.net>

Week Ending: August 31, 1996/Elul 16, 5756

"He has remembered His covenant forever, the word which He commanded to a
thousand generations, the covenant which He made with Abraham, and His oath
to Isaac. Then He confirmed it to Jacob for a statute, to Israel as an
everlasting covenant." Psalm 105.8-10

HEVRON DISPATCH: The secret talks between Israel and the Palestinian
Authority (PA) on the subject of the Hevron redeployment hit a snag
Thursday. The Israeli representatives informed their negotiating partners
that under no circumstances would they agree to withdraw from the hills of
Abu-Snena and Abu-Rahma, which overlook the Jewish quarter and the
Machpelah Cave. The Palestinians responded that they could not accept such
a position, and the talks were halted. Last reports were that urgent
discussions were being held in the Prime Minister's Office. Another topic
of disagreement is that of water. The government decided Friday to
establish a ministerial committee to handle the Hevron talks with the
Arabs; only Ministers Ariel Sharon and Benny Begin voted against the
motion. Sharon had previously strongly requested to be included in the
committee, but PM Netanyahu did not agree. The committee will include the
following members: the Prime Minister, Foreign Minister David Levy, Defen
se Minister Yitzchak Mordechai, Head of the Civil Administration
Major-General Oren Shachor, Cabinet Secretary Danny Naveh or Netanyahu
advisor Dore Gold, Gen. Dan Shomron, and a representative of the Foreign
Ministry. Moledet Knesset Members Rehavam Ze'evi and Rabbi Benny Elon met
Thursday with the Prime Minister and expressed to him their strong
objections to the withdrawal from Hevron. They said that any decision on
the matter should be put off until the permanent-status talks.

Ma'ariv reports that, since the election of the new government, 100
families have signed up to purchase homes in the community of Kiryat Arba.
The previous government placed a freeze on 200 homes that were ready for
occupancy. Local Council Head, Tzvi Katzover stated, "For now, we are
occupied with filling these empty homes. It is a crime for them to stand
empty."

Eliyahu Ben-Elissar, ambassador-designate to the United States, visited the
Jewish community of Hevron Wednesday morning. He told an Arutz Sheva
correspondent that he wished to gain a first-hand impression of the
significance of an IDF withdrawal from Hevron, prior to his departure for
the US.

In another story, a new policy has been decided upon for the coming
1996-1997 school year. Students will travel to the heart of Hevron and visit
the Maarat Hamachpelah (Cave of the Patriarchs). The trips to Hevron were
initiated by Deputy Minister of Education, Moshe Peled (Tzomet). Peled
explained that all trips to Hevron will be done in conjunction with IDF OC
Central Command, Maj.-Gen. Uzi Dayan. The IDF will provide security for all
visiting children. Peled, who is responsible for security in the Education
Ministry explained that the former policy of not taking school children to
Hevron was unacceptable to him. Peled explained that it is important for
school children to visit sites such as the Machpelah, which have
significant importance in Jewish History. Education Minister Zevulun Hammer
says that his office will work towards having schools which provide not
only information, but also Jewish values. (SNS, Arutz Sheva)

A RENEWAL OF TERRORISM? Fears are increasing that Israel Defense Force
(IDF) soldiers will be kidnapped and/or attacked by terrorists. In a
24-hour period last Sunday, security and military personnel received a
directive, approved by the Defense Minister in consultation with the Prime
Minister, to employ a series of precautionary measures, including no
hitch-hiking. Reports have been received that the Islamic Jihad is planning
to renew its attacks against Israeli soldiers and army bases. Ha'Aretz
reported that security authorities are on high alert due to warnings that
the Islamic Jihad will attempt to carry out an attack within Israel.
Intelligence officials said the faction formerly led by Fatahi Shikaki is
planning several attacks as revenge for Shikaki's killing last October. The
organization holds the Israeli Mossad responsible for the murder.

According to reports presented to PM Netanyahu by security sources in the
IDF, Police and General Security Service (GSS), the PA is making efforts to
thwart terrorist attacks but they are not arresting key terrorists residing
in the territories. They also believe that Arafat does not take care to
continue the security efforts and sometimes allows them to slack off.
According to the reports, there are still wanted terrorists in the autonomy
who enjoy the protection of senior officer in the PA Police.

In the meantime, Galei Tzahal reports terrorists fired 15 bullets at the
Egged Number 160 Bus heading from Jerusalem to Kiryat Arba Wednesday night
at about 8:20 pm, in the Gush Etzion area. After being fired upon by the
terrorists near the Har Gilo Junction, the bus driver continued heading
south until he reached Gush Etzion Junction, about 10-kilometers (6 miles)
away. Two persons were injured from glass fragments. A third complained of
"chest pain" following the attack. She was admitted to the hospital for
observation, to rule out a suspected heart attack. Security forces found
over 20 spent shells at the position from where the terrorists fired on the
bus. It is being reported that the terrorists fired from a stationary
position. Security forces do not believe the terrorists are associated with
the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP), as was thought
earlier, or with the Halhoul terror-cell, responsible for several terrorist
attacks in the Gush Etzion area in the past. One suspect is under arrest in
connection with the attack. Meanwhile, an Egged Public Bus driver was "very
lightly injured" Thursday night following a stoning attack while he was
traveling on the Beit Lechem (Bethlehem) bypass road towards Hevron.
Numerous reports of Arabs throwing stones at Jewish vehicles and buses were
reported on the road Thursday night, as well as the Ram'Allah bypass road.
(Arutz Sheva, Israel Line, IMRA, SNS)

ON THE NORTHERN FRONT: Hizb'Allah terrorist attacked South Lebanese Army
(SLA) tanks Sunday in the Western Sector of the Security Zone of southern
Lebanon, reported Galei Tzahal. The Hizb'Allah
terrorist used missiles and mortars in their attacks on SLA tanks and
outposts. No injuries were reported.

An IDF soldier was killed on Thursday in the Western Sector of the Security
Zone of southern Lebanon. The soldier, 19-year-old Sgt. Amiti Elmadun, from
Rosh Ha-Ayin, was assigned to the Givati Infantry Brigade. The IDF unit was
operating in the Western Sector when an Hizb'Allah ambush attacked. The
Hizb'Allah terrorists continues firing mortars in the area to prevent help
from reaching the ambushed unit and permitting the terrorists that attacked
to make a clean getaway. Hizb'Allah leader, Sheik Hassan Nasrallah stated
this week that Hizb'Allah will continue "to drain the Zionist blood from
southern Lebanon." Two Lebanese civilians who were injured in the gunfire,
were taken to a hospital in Nahariya, Israel, for treatment.(SNS)

ARAFAT CALLS FOR GATHERING AT TEMPLE MOUNT: Depending on reports, 5,000 -
15,000 Moslem worshippers responded Friday to Arafat's call to arrive at
Jerusalem's Al-Aksa mosque. Thousands of police officers were deployed at
checkpoints and throughout Jerusalem in order to prevent illegal entry of
residents of the autonomous areas, and to ensure that the prayers would be
carried out without incident. One Moslem Jerusalem storekeeper stated, "The
days are over when Arafat can use Moslem worshippers to pressure Israel. We
come to pray at the mosque when we want to, not when Arafat says to."

Meanwhile, Arafat warned Israel on Friday that Palestinians could be pushed
toward another bloody revolt if the Jewish state doesn't move faster to
make piece. "We are the ones who waged the longest uprising in the 20th
century and murder, imprisonment and expulsions did not terrorize us," he
told some 200 listeners in a speech at the Balata refugee camp. Yediot
Ahronot quoted Abdel Razak, member of the PA Legislative Council as saying,
"There are growing voices within the Palestinian Authority Legislative
Council who are ready to speak openly for the proposing of no confidence in
Chairman of the Authority Yasser Arafat. If this proposal is presented, it
is certainly possible that it will pass." In another story, the daily
Teheran Times maintained that an Islamic front has arisen in Judea, Samaria
and Gaza with the goal of replacing Arafat's administration; in the words
of the paper, his historic role is now finished. The Teheran Times in an
editorial declared that Iran, now that
it has developed a strong Islamic front under its leadership, is a factor
that cannot be ignored in the pursuit of regional negotiations; it must be
included in all steps of the process, particularly the talks between Israel
and Syria regarding the future of Lebanon. The paper, discussing the
stalemate in negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians, pointed a
finger at several Arab leaders who had lent support to Arafat for quite
some time, pushing aside Palestinian organizations which played a key role
in the military effort that brought his administration into being. The
Teheran Times asserted that the erosion of Arafat's standing was partially
the result of Israel's and the US's strategic decision to try and move
forward in the talks with Syria before any progress takes place on the
Palestinian track. Every schoolboy knows, said the newspaper, that no
progress of any kind can take place in the area without the approval of
Syrian leader Hafez Assad. (Arutz Sheva, IMRA)

SPEAKING OF THE PA . . .: The PA areas will lose some $600 million this
year because of the closure, imposed six months ago today, the Palestinian
Economic Council for Development and Reconstruction PEDCAR) said over the
weekend. "The closure has created a deep economic crisis," said the
organization's director, Muhammed Ishtayeh, who called for an end to the
closure and for Israel to meet a series of demands to restore the economic
viability of the territories. According to PEDCAR, unemployment has risen
over the last six months by 40% in Judea and Samaria and 51% in Gaza. The
territories' forecasted budget deficit for 1996 has risen from $75 million
to $150 million. "We don't hold the new Israeli government responsible for
all these problems, but the new government must end them," said Ishtayeh.
However, Israeli military sources disclosed statistics gathered at the
various checkpointsover the past several weeks that show that the closure
has notaffected overall business activit
y. Prior to the implementation of the closure earlier this year, as a
result of the wave of terror that engulfed the country, 60,000 Arab workers
were permitted to cross the Green Line daily to
work in Israel; the number now is 45,000. The number of trucks that cross
the checkpoints every day has risen from 500 to 900. In addition, 90 Arab
trucks per day carry goods for export from Judea, Samaria, and Gaza to the
Ashdod port; several months ago, the number of trucks was close to zero.
Increased Arab exports from Yesha to Jordan over the Allenby Bridge have
also been reported.

In a related story, PA Planning Minister and Senior Advisor, Dr. Nabil
Shaath, was extremely critical of donor nations for their failure to make
good on their financial commitments. According to Shaath, the PA was
promised $1 billion and to date has only received $1 million of this money.
Shaath explained that the money was critical if the PA Autonomy is to
continue operation and growth. He explained that the economic situation
today is one that borders on bankruptcy. Shaath stated he intends to
approach the representatives of the donor nations, at a September 5th
conference scheduled for Washington. (Arutz Sheva, SNS)

PA FAILS IN ANOTHER EXTRADITION ATTEMPT: A terrorist who participated in
the murder of two Israelis five years ago escaped just minutes before he
was to be extradited to Israel. Mahmoud Abu Hamed Siftahi escaped from the
hands of Palestinian police who were escorting him to the Joint
Israel-Palestinian headquarters in Jericho. Military sources said that
Jibril Rajoub, head of the Palestinian secret security
forces, informed Israel last Thursday that the extradition would take place
that evening. As the policemen approached, with Abu Siftahi in tow, the
terrorist suddenly broke free and escaped into the darkness. The
PA policemen shot into the air, but he did not stop. Israeli sources
suspect that the escape was pre-coordinated with Rajoub. This is not the
first such incident. A terrorist was on his way to extradition two months
ago, when Israeli representatives at the Erez checkpoint watched the
vehicle in which he was traveling stop because of a flat tire only 30
meters (33 yards) away from them. When one of the PA guards disembarked to
check the tire, the would-be extraditee escaped. In two other instances,
Palestinian official notified Israeli authorities only minutes before
scheduled extraditions that the wanted terrorists were no longer under
their jurisdiction. (Arutz Sheva)

JERUSALEM UPDATE: The Palestinian police and other PA security forces
continue to operate in Jerusalem, despite the government demand to the PA
to halt such activity, which is in violation of the Oslo Accords, Israeli
security sources said. The PA closed three offices that it had been
operating in Jerusalem in violation of the Oslo accords. However, the
authorities of the Jerusalem PLO offices have been transferred to the
Palestinian Religious Affairs Office near the Temple Mount, against which
Israel has so far refrained from taking action. An investigation by the
Institute for Peace Education - an organization monitoring the
implementation of the Oslo Agreements - has found that the activity in
this office has greatly increased over the past few weeks. The political
activity of the Orient House has also been transferred to the Temple Mount
office. Journalist David Bedin told Arutz Sheva that the location of the
office is convenient for the Palestinians for at least two reasons: it
gives them an edge over Jordan in their competition for control over the
Temple Mount area, and it will allow them to claim that their religious
freedom is at stake if and when Israel decides to take action against the
office. PLO Minister of Jerusalem Affairs, Faisal Husseini, defied the
Israeli government once again. This past week he made a point of holding
meetings with foreign diplomats at the East Jerusalem PLO- controlled
Orient House, in direct defiance of the recent agreements with Yassir
Arafat and PM Netanyahu and the Oslo Accords.

In another story, Jerusalem Mayor Ehud Olmert has cancelled his planned
participation at a world conference for mayors of ancient cities. Olmert's
move stemmed from the decision of the Chinese hosts to invite Faisal
Husseini as a co-representative for Jerusalem. The Chinese notified Olmert
that they cannot cancel the invitation to Husseini because the Arab nations
have threatened to boycott the gathering. (Arutz Sheva, SNS)

PERES MEETS WITH ARAB LEADERS: The Arab press, especially in Egypt,
continued this past week to express a hostile tone towards Israel. Articles
analyzed what is likely to occur if the stalemate in Arab-Israeli
negotiations is perpetuated. Statements by former Israeli PM Peres that
prolongation of the status quo will soon cause the Palestinians to erupt in
violence figured prominently in the articles and served as raw material for
editorial comment, which warned that a new wave of terror was in the
offing. This prospect was caused, alleged the commentators, by Israeli PM
Netanyahu's "war policy." The official Egyptian government daily Al-Aharam
wrote that Peres had met with Egyptian leader Hosni Mubarak and other
leading figures in the Arab world to discuss ways to compel the Israeli
government to return to the peace process. (Arutz Sheva)

INTERNATIONAL CAMPAIGN AGAINST ISRAEL: The Egyptian weekly Ruz Al-Yusuf
reported that the Arab states, led by Egypt, are now formulating a
diplomatic offensive whose aim is to cause the isolation of the Netanyahu
government, and to impose international pressure on Jerusalem to force it
to implement the Oslo agreement, initially the section calling for Israeli
withdrawal from Hevron. According to the article, participants in the
campaign included Mubarak, King Hasan of Morocco, several Persian Gulf
principalities, PLO chief Yassir Arafat, a number of Western European
countries, and UN Secretary-General Butrus Ghali. Ruz Al-Yusuf asserted
that if Israel does not begin to move on the Hevron issue, the UN will pass
resolutions to force the Netanyahu government's hand. In this context, the
newspaper cited the words of Peres, who claimed that the Palestinians have
more or less honored their end of the agreement. (Arutz Sheva)

ISRAEL-TURKEY AGREEMENT: Defense Ministry Director-General David Ivry
signed a security cooperation agreement with Turkey on Wednesday, paving
the way for bilateral collaboration among military industries and
technology sharing, Ha'Aretz reported. Israeli security authorities said
the agreement can be seen as an expression of confidence in Israel by the
Turkish government. The two countries have yet to sign a financing
agreement for Israel Aircraft Industries to upgrade Turkish Phantom jets,
the newspaper reported. A draft document was forwarded to Turkey 10 days
ago. Israeli sources said if no last minute alterations occur, the first
Turkish plane is scheduled to arrive in Israel by December. (Israel Line)

ISLAMIC RALLY IN LONDON? The British Electronic Telegraph reported the
government is under intense pressure to ban a London rally organised by an
Islamic fundamentalist group advocating the creation of a world- wide
Islamic state violent revolution to overthrow the governments of every
country in the Middle East. The government said it had no power to impose a
ban. But sources said three people connected with the conference had been
denied entry visas. The "Rally for Revival" is due
to take place at the 12,000-seater London Arena, in the Docklands. Although
its invited speakers are Muslim academics, the rally group will also see
videotaped messages from some of the world's most notorious terrorists.
these include Omar Abdur-Rahman, the blind sheikh serving life plus 65
years in Missouri for his part in the bombing of the World Trade Centre,
Mohammed Hussein Fadlallah, the spiritual leader of Lebanon's Hizb'Allah,
and Osama Bin Laden, a Saudi national who has called for a holy war against
American troops in Saudi Arabia. Among the speakers is Dr Mohammed
al-Masari, the Saudi dissident recently given leave to remain in Britain
after the courts overturned an attempt to deport him. Dr Masari says he
does not advocate violence, but he has called for the Jews to be
"eliminated" from Israel and has expressed "understanding" for terrorist
outrages in Saudi Arabia and Jerusalem. The conference is organised by
al-Muhajiroun ("the Emigrant"), a group led by a 38-year-ol
d Syrian, Sheikh Omar Bakri Mohammed who advocates a global jihad (holy
war) against the enemies of Islam. These include every government in the
Middle East, which he says are all puppet regimes set up by Britain after
the dismemberment of the Ottoman Empire. The greatest enemy is Israel. "The
state of Israel is a state of terror. Its existence is a crime," he said.
More startling, perhaps, is his call for a worldwide khilafah, or Islamic
state. The word recalls the Muslim Caliphate, which once ruled the Middle
East, North Africa and stretched at its greatest extent to the gates of
Vienna. Britain, America and other Christian countries would all be part of
this khilafah and their citizens would live under sharia, or Islamic law.

Send comments to Lee Underwood at:  mbi@digital.net Archives located at:
http://www.inet-images.com/fellowship/fyi.htm Note: The word "peace" is not
misspelled in this document. When used in conjunction with the Middle East
process, it is correctly spelled "piece"-ed.
==============================================================
 Lee Underwood
 "For Zion's sake I will not keep silent,
 and for Jerusalem's sake I will not keep quiet"  Isaiah 62:1

++++++++++++++++

Nearing Midnight Update
By: Todd Strandberg

Current events that are fast moving and supportive of Bible prophecy.

 Aug 30
       *It's been a while since I've read any news about the progression
towards a unified Europe. Finally today, there was some news. It was
reported by the news services that negotiations on a new European Union
treaty will be speeding up over the next few months as the 15 member
countries seek to make decisions about their future. EU leaders are to meet
in a special summit in Ireland in October to discuss the direction the bloc
should take as it prepares for an influx of new members. For years, a
several of prophetic ministers have focused on the number of countries that
sign on as EU members, trying to see when the 10th nation would join the
party. When the membership went from 9 to 11, then to 13, and now 15, it
appeared we'd over shot Daniel's and Revelation's requirements for only 10
nations. However, if one reads Rev 17:12 closely they would notice it
speaks of ten Kings not ten nations coming out of the area of the Roman
Empire - the beast that was. If the Antichrist is t
o rule over the entire former Roman Empire, then indeed more than 10 nation
will need to be part of this union.

Aug 29
       *The mood between Israel and the PLO seems to be chilling; Arafat
angrily accused Netanyahu of stupidity and dragging his feet in the peace
process. Arafat is now calling for a general strike, which is an action
more reflective of the 1987-1993 Palestinian uprising.

      *The United States government has commented that Syrian troop
movements north of Israel appeared to be largely defensive. "In our
judgment, they are defensive in nature, largely defensive in nature," State
Department spokesman Glyn Davies told a questioner at the department's
daily briefing. Israeli officials have also dismissed the Syrian troop
movements as nonthreatening. If your going to have a surprise attack, it's
very helpful to have your enemy view your troops movement as just be for
training or defensive purposes.

       Aug 28
       *Russia may be in the political East, but from the number of brutal
crimes that are occurring, you would think Russia was part of the wild
West. News reports of gruesome deaths have become an everyday part of life,
so much so that the appearance of yet another serial killer in Russia draws
little attention. In 1994, Andrei Chikatilo, one of the worst serial
killers in world history, was tried for the murder some of 53 people.
During Chikatilo's trial, another serial killers struck committing eight
sex-related murders. Anatoly Golovkin, yet another mass murder, killed 11
boys and derived pleasure from slitting the bellies of some of his victims.
Twice last year convicts in Russian prisons were  reported to have killed
and ate their cellmates, explaining that they were hungry and wanted to
relieve overcrowding. Also last year police in St Petersburg caught a
killer in his kitchen, preparing to cook human flesh. This year police
stumbled on a similar scene in the Crimean city
of Sebastopol. A man in the Siberian coalmining town of Kemerovo went a
step further, admitting he had killed and cut up a friend and used his
flesh to stuff pelmeni, a Russian version of ravioli. When nation such as
Russia turns its back on Godand loses it's moral foundation this type of
ghastly behavior can only be expected. Next, with all this canabalism I
wouldn't be surprised if someone in Russia writes a book entitled "Having
your friends for Dinner." If your
ever in Russia, don't drink the water, don't go walking alone at night, and
certainly don't eat the pelmeni.

       *A reader brought to my attention a news article dealing with
computers that monitor the human body from inside the human body. The
computers made by the Boeing Company for the military are so small you can
swallow them - in fact that what they're designed for. These microcomputers
are able to measure and monitor things like core body temperature, oxygen
levels, and various other vital signs. All of this information could be
reported to a registering device the size of a page. The news article said
the next goal of researches is to develop a computers that can be powered
by the human body. The military calls it "energy harvesting." Like many
people, I find the notion of a little computer crawling around inside of
one's person and reporting to a central computer on one's every move, a bit
too orwellian for my taste.






