Prophe-Zine, Issue # 26
Sept 15, 1996

Raymond Gano..........Welcome to Issue # 26
J. R. Church ....Doom for U.S. Predicted By George Washington
Raymond Clarke .....While America Slept
John Loeffler....Dealing With The C-Word
Rowland Croucher...Compassion And Mercy
Berit Kjos... Executive Order #13011

Prophe-Zine News Bites ....Assorted News sources and faithful readers
	
	Rob Smith ...Gun Control Is Technologically Feasible (bio-chip update HOT!!!)
	Paula Demmers .....No God for the Dems...
	Lee Underwood ...Israel In The News
	US Military....The MARC Card (Smart Card Update)
	Wendy Beuster ...REPORT FROM DESPATCH MAGAZINE
	Arutz Sheva News Service...Isreal in the News
	Paula Demmers ...Judge Redefines Roles of Parents
	
Prophe-Zine's Statement of Faith

**************

Welcome to PZ # 26

Hello Everyone out there in Cyberland,

GREAT NEWS!!!!!! I want to take this time to introduce my NEW Asst. Editor,
Chris Jewett and his wife Linda. Take it away Chris......

As a matter of introduction, my name is Christ Jewett.  I've been a
Christian most of my adult life and became intrigued with prophecy in  1971
as my wife Lynda and I, like a lot of young Christians at that  time, read
through Hal Lindsey's "Late Great Planet Earth."  Actually  seeing that the
world had, was, and indeed is now acting out what was  spoken of by the
prophets and recorded in God's Word was the most  convincing argument I'd
ever witnessed for proof of God's existence, His  plan of redemption and
His love for us.

Admittedly, a great deal has happened to Lynda and I since 1971.  Always
looking for Jesus' return and thinking it might be at any second, it
seemed, governed our every little move, and convinced us more than ever
that we, as Christian songwriter Larry Norman put it, were "only  visiting
this planet."  Every car we bought didn't need to be brand new,  afterall,
we may only need it for a few days.  As a member of the  military, every
transfer to a new duty station was "our last."

However, as sometimes happens, things became stagnant in my life.  I  went
to church on Sundays and helped out with AWANA on Tuesdays and  other youth
activities on weekends, but it was if by rote...mechanical.  Our two
children were growing in the Lord.  Our son, the eldest, loved  God from
day one.  He accepted the Lord at age four, was baptized and  became a
servant in many areas thereafter.  He loved people and was  always looking
for ways to befriend them the way Jesus befriended those  around him.  In
his teen years he spent his summers as a ranch hand on a  Christian youth
ranch and also, through involvement with Youth for  Christ, learned about
missionary life during several Project Serve trips  to the Caribbean.  Life
was good, life was calm. I had a great family, a  good assignment and was
finally really getting "involved" in the  fellowship.

Then on the last day of 1988, God gave me a reality check.  He rewarded  my
son and took him Home.  He was seventeen.  Neither Lynda nor I nor  our
fourteen year old daughter ever asked the Lord "why?"  We accepted  what
the world considered tragic and what some Christians considered  "too bad."
I'm not saying we were uneffected, the loss was unbelievable  in every
sense of the word, but we didn't mourn as those in the world  mourned.
After all he was not "lost,"  we knew exactly where he was.   And the most
marvelous thing was that we were gonna see him again!  Our  longing for
that day increased.

It is important for every fellowship to teach prophecy.  All too often
prophetic events and the proper study of them become the forgotten  element
of our Christian walk.  Some churches avoid teaching things of  the Last
Days altogether.  It might be too controversial.  "People will  think we
are a bunch of kooks."  or "we know He's coming back, we don't  need to
teach the Revelation."

But, through the teaching of the "whole counsel of God" the Holy Spirit
will direct steps of His children in the study of prophecy, and of His
soon return.  I John 3:3 states that "Every man that hath this hope in  him
purifieth himself, even as he is pure."  Looking forward to the  Lord's
return keeps us on our toes, keeps us aware of what we are to be  about on
earth--getting the Word out, working hard, for the night is  coming.  A
bride ought to look forward to her wedding day. In that  regard, I consider
it a privilege that God has led me to help Ray with  this very worthwhile
project.  I look forward to seeing what God will  accomplish through the
ministry of "Prophe-zine," and I look forward to  being available to help
in whatever way He directs.  Meanwhile,  Christians, keep looking up, for
your redemption draweth nigh!

Maranatha (soon)! Chris......Back to you Ray.

Thanks Chris for telling us about yourself. If you would like to write
Chris and welcome him on board, here is his email
address...dsyple@ix9.ix.netcom.com. Tell him Ray sent ya (grin).

I also want to take this time to thank the staff at "Prophecy In The News"
and J.R. Church for allowing me to use his articles. I also wan tto thank
Leo Juneau <ljuneau@edge.net>"Prophecy In The News" webmaster for making
Prophe-Zine is the site of the month. So please take so time and go visit
there site and let them  know that you enjoyed J.R's article. As always,
you can get there by the Prophe-Zine www cool links. "Prophecy In The News"
is in the "prophecy" links area.

It has been yet another interesting couple of weeks. We are seeing Sadam on
the move again and Clinton trying to stand up to the challenge. Sad thing
is that no matter what he has done, he really  has not impressed the rest
of the world and in fact has angered many countries.

The PM of Israel met with the Terrorist Arafat, I guess it was history in
the making. I am so glad to see Bibi in that office. Israel has someone now
to stand up against the PLO and the rest of the terrorist that are trying
to exterminate Israel. In doing this, we are seeing tensions rising in the
middle east.

Boris Yelsin is going under the knife and is passing his power to his
marshals under him. Keep an eye on Lebed. There is a real power grab going
on right now and I see Lebed being the winner when it is all over. If that
happens, I can also see yet one step closer to the Gog Magog War.

Last week I had the chance to meet Chuck Missler and some of his staff (Hi
Gordon).  John Loeffler, was a player in letting me know about Chuck being
in town and I thank him for that. Chuck has given me permission to use his
articles and he might even write some just for Prophe-Zine. That is...given
that he has the time. I also had the Great honor in meeting Lambert Dolphin
along with Chuck. Many of you have seen Lambert's www page, if you have
not, I have him linked from my site. Check it out, his articles are great
and you will see some them appearing in PZ. Both Lambert's and Chuck's
sites are listed at the PZ www Cool Links. Check both in the Christian and
Prophecy areas. In meeting both of these wonderful men of God, they both
have given me permission to use there articles and will be joining the PZ
family.

Many of you have been asking for Chuck Missler and now you are going to get
him.

Here is another plug but this is for a GREAT music resource. This is a
company that my good friend Tim West found and told me about. The company
is called Rad Rockers and they specialize in hard to find / RARE Records,
CD's and Tapes. I have been on the quest to find a album by a band called
Arkangle album name "Warrior". This was put out by Kemper Crabb and they
only did one album. Well when I called Rad Rockers, they had it plus a VERY
RARE Pre-Swirling Eddies CD (any DA fans out there?). Just to say I was
VERY happy to find them both. SO if you are looking for hard to find
Christian music, Check out Rad Rockers at http://www.radrockers.com.... and
like always, tell them you read about it in Prophe-Zine.

Well Gotta Go. Remember that I need authors and reporters. I want to thank
Rob Smith and Paula Demmers for giving me there great newsbites. I need
more of them and more people writing them for me.

So until we meet here on this earth or in the clouds with our Lord....

Always in His service,
Ray Gano
Sr. Editor
Prophe-Zine

**************

Doom for U.S. Predicted By George Washington
By J. R. Church

George Washington may not have been a prophet, but the concluding
statements in his written inauguration address are coming to pass today!

The last page of Washington's speech, handwritten by the first president,
himself, was discovered recently and sold at auction in London for
$306,000. Washington had handwritten 60 pages intended to be delivered at
his inauguration in New York City, April 30, 1789. During the last century,
each page of the discourse was sold to autograph hunters in America and
Europe - a common practice in the 19th century. It is believed that the
page was brought to England in the 1840s by the wife of Charles Lyell, a
British scientist. The manuscript page was placed in an album of American
memorabilia.

According to a Reuter's report, "the manuscript page was discovered under a
sofa in an old autograph album in a house in Suffolk, a county in eastern
England, by auctioneers who came to value the contents after the owner
died."

Though Washington did not actually deliver this speech at the ceremony,
opting for a shorter one instead, he clearly intended to share his vision
of America's future as a great nation that would not again submit to
foreign rule "until the people of America shall have lost all virtue: until
they shall have become totally insensible to the difference between freedom
and slavery: until they shall have been reduced to such poverty of spirit
as to be willing to sell that pre-eminent blessing, the birthright of a
freeman, for a mess of pottage: in short, until they have been found
incapable of governing themselves and ripe for a master ..."

This was the message on the page sold at auction in London. There are four
statements that appear to be coming to pass at this time.

Lost All Virtue

First, Washington warned that America would be in danger of foreign rule
when "... the people of America shall have lost all virtue." That appears
to be the case today as America faces the possibility of losing its
sovereignty to a world governing body. The so-called "New World Order,"
sponsored by the United Nations, is moving quickly to establish a world
government by the year 2000. Our political policy makers are presently
preparing to hand over our sovereignty to this malignant cancer growing in
the very city where George Washington took his oath of office - in the very
city that served as the first capital of the fledgling United States in
1789 - New York City.

Why is our government allowing us to fall under foreign rule - by the UN?
Because our politicians have lost all virtue. They have turned their backs
on the constitution they swore to uphold. The United States military has
been effectively turned over to the jurisdiction of the U.N. United States
Soldiers are forced to wear its insignia. U.S. troops are deployed on
foreign soil under the auspices of the United Nations. There are several
military bases across America that have been turned over to the United
Nations. Tens of thousands of foreign troops are presently being trained in
our country on U.S. military bases paid for by our tax dollars. The U.N.
flag now flies along side the U.S. flag on many military bases across the
United States.

Why are the people across our vast country allowing this treasonous
situation? Because, unfortunately, most Americans have lost the virtue that
once made us a great nation! Today, one-third of all births are
illegitimate. Couples think nothing of living together out of wedlock -
products of a corrupt school system that actively discourages moral values
taught in the Bible. God, holy living, and prayer are not only unwelcome,
but despised in classrooms. This scourge upon America is ripe for God's
judgment.

Recently, a Ball Park in Palm Springs, California, announced " All Nudity
Day" for an upcoming game. The event was soon canceled, however, not
because of an outcry of indecency, but because too many people had called
wanting to come. The owners said they could not accommodate everyone.

The president demonstrated his lack of virtue when he vetoed a bill that
would ban partial-birth abortions. A court in Hawaii recently ruled in
favor of allowing homosexual marriages! Judges no longer look to the
foundation of all law - the Bible for the basis of court rulings. Everyone
does what seems to be right in their own eyes. This foolish action prompted
our Congress to pass a law defining what constitutes a marriage. The whole
sordid affair is absurd. It seems no one knows the definition of decency
anymore. We have to be told in the lawyerly language of Congress what is
right and moral. Congress has to define morality because they no longer
open the old black book and say, "here it is! The Bible tells us what is
right and we stand on the basis of God's definition! "Oh no, Americans can
no longer believe what is wrong just because the Bible says it is wrong. We
have to have some high-falutin' politician to push God aside and redefine
morality for us.

We should be against homosexual marriages, not because Congress passed a
law, but because God is against homosexual marriages. Why can't our
government and people just believe the moral laws of the Bible anymore?
Because we have lost all virtue. We are reaping the result of the Supreme
Court decision to ban prayer and the Bible from the classroom. There is no
foundation for morality left in our nation. We are ripe for a foreign
takeover. We have lost all virtue.

President Clinton recently unveiled a plan to put a so-called V chip in
every new television set in order to allow parents to block out immoral
programs and filthy movies from their children. What he did not tell us is
that the movie industry has spent millions of dollars over the years
producing these filthy movies and have been unable to air them on
television until now. Networks have had to cut and trim filthy movies for
years - bleeping out fowl language and rearranging camera angles so as not
to show sexually explicit scenes. But many movies are so bad they could not
be aired. Now networks want to schedule these cesspools of human
degradation for airing so they won't have to continue airing so many reruns
of Hollywood's milder films. Watch out. Our president is preparing the
public for more and more filth to be aired on television. Why? No virtue.

Unethical Business Practices

Today, honesty and ethics are declining across the broad spectrum of
American society. The Disney Corporation is an example of declining ethics
in business. Originally offering only family entertainment, they now
produce so-called adult movies and actively support homosexuality.

Many corporations are downsizing in our nation while opening factories in
third-world countries where they take advantage of poverty wages. Thousands
upon thousands of Americans continue to lose their jobs because of the
NAFTA and GATT treaties. The next time you shop for clothes, look at the
label that tells you where they are made. I was shocked to find that most
major brand-name clothes are made in third-world countries. Some are made
by slaves in communist China. Some are made by enslaved children! They make
as little as 10 cents a day while their products bring upwards to $50- $100
in America. Unethical business practices by US corporations fulfill George
Washington's prediction. America has lost its virtue.

Unethical Politicians

Never have we seen such a drought of ethics in our government. The very man
who serves in the office established by George Washington appointed scores
of homosexuals at top management levels in our government. He supported
gays in our military. He may claim to be a Baptist, but he has no virtue.

Mike Barnicle, columnist for the Boston Globe writes, "There is something
wrong with the way this president and his wife behave. Ironically, it has
little to do with day-to-day governing and everything to do with character,
arrogance, and hypocrisy.

"The FBI files seem to have been requested in order to see if there was
anything in Billy Dale's background to shut him up after the poor guy was
fired from the travel office and forced to defend himself against bogus
charges born out of Mrs. Clinton's desire to purge career employees and
replace them with her friends.

"Vince Foster and Webster Hubble both came to Washington because of Hillary
Clinton. One is dead and the other is in jail. Zoe Baird, Mrs. Clinton's
initial nominee for attorney general imploded after it was discovered she
paid slave wages to a refugee for babysitting chores. Kimba Wood, the
second designee for Justice also went down for being cheap and stupid.
Janet Reno, who got the job proceeded to burn a batch of children at Waco.
Bernie Nussbaum, a lawyer who worked with Mrs. Clinton on the Watergate
Committee 20 years ago became White House counsel, where he apparently
contracted amnesia and failed to notice anything wrong being done with
documents the evening Foster committed suicide. Incompetence and
insincerity are the problem."

It is a sad commentary upon society when there is no moral leadership in
the nation. During the days of Israel's judges, anarchy ruled over the
land: We are told, "In those days there was no king in Israel: every man
did that which was right in his own eyes" (Judges 21:25). In like manner,
America is presently on the brink of anarchy. No one feels safe anymore.
Many have chosen to live behind locked doors, barricades and in closed
compounds. Even the White House has closed off Pennsylvania Ave. Our cities
are feeling the results of its drug infested areas. Drive-by shootings and
gang-related crimes reveal the spiritual drought predicted by George
Washington. America is ripe for foreign rule.

Freedom and Slavery

Secondly, Washington warned that America would be ripe for an international
takeover when "... they shall have become totally insensible to the
difference between freedom and slavery."

Washington's statement concerned the right of citizens to live freely -
unencumbered by a dictatorial government. Our forefathers formed a
government that was deliberately kept at arms-length from interfering in
the lives of its citizens. There was no "federal bureaucracy" back then,
only a "national government." The states were sovereign.

There were no direct taxes of any kind - no sales tax or income tax. The
national government was funded by the states. Today, however, states rights
have eroded in favor of a power-hungry federal bureaucracy. The "Income
Tax" was imposed in 1913 and has gained a strangle-hold on every citizen.
In the early years following the introduction of the Income Tax, the
average man paid only $12.00. But today, the Income Tax is so oppressive it
hinders productivity. Yet, Americans are led to believe that its just the
way things are. We have become virtual slaves to an ever-growing
bureaucracy -just as Washington predicted.

Thirdly, Washington warned that America would be ripe for a world
government when "... they shall have been reduced to such poverty of spirit
as to be willing to sell that preeminent blessing, the birthright of
freeman, for a mess of pottage."

Birthright of a Freeman

Washington knew his Bible. He quotes here from the story of Jacob and Esau.
For the desire of free food, Esau threw all caution to the wind and was
willing to give up the future of his posterity. He had no forethought for
the generations that would come from him. He cared not for their future. He
thought only for himself at the moment. George Washington drew an analogy
from this story and warned that someday Americans would be willing to throw
away their future for a mess of government pottage.

When our government established Social Security, they promised a retirement
plan for the elderly without thinking what it would cost future
generations. They threw caution to the wind and bought votes with a promise
they could not keep. At the same time, instead of planning to take care of
themselves, unsuspecting citizens liked the idea of letting the government
feed, clothe and house them in their old age.

I'm sure there are many who would argue that the Social Security check is a
salvation and a God-send. Furthermore, the government forcibly took your
hard-earned money from you, promising to give it back after 65. It's your
money. Why shouldn't you get it back? I agree that one should be able to
reap the benefits of investment - even if it be a government program. But
the government has raided the Social Security fund so many times over the
years, there is little money left. Present taxpayers are having to fund
those monthly checks.

Instead of letting the Government buy votes with hollow promises, why
didn't you plan for your own future? Why didn't you save a little bit each
week for your retirement? Why didn't you think ahead? Well, Esau didn't
think ahead either. I would remind you that the next generation will not be
able to count on Social Security. The government is already telling us that
the Social Security system will be bankrupt within the decade.

Medicare and Medicaid are other government programs that have caused more
harm than good to our economy. Remember when Medicare was introduced, the
average hospital bill was reasonable. Since the Government became involved,
medical costs have skyrocketed more than any other segment of our economy.
Medicare only pays part of a hospital stay, the remaining expense is as
much as the whole bill was before Medicare. Where have we gained? We still
pay as much for medical costs as before. We have allowed the Government to
steal our ability to be free for a mess of socialist pottage.

Welfare is another drain upon society. Free food will never take the place
of self reliance and responsibility for one's own freedom. Like slaves,
they are fed, clothed and housed, but they are not free. They are coerced
to vote for the people who promise to continue their government handouts.
They are not free. They are slaves to the welfare check.

Where is our self reliance today? Where is the man who will take care of
himself? As a young man, I was given the opportunity to decline Social
Security, I said no to the Social Security system and trust only in God for
my odd age. Should I be chided for not snuggling up to the government
trough for my pottage? Who will get the last laugh? God has never run out
of funds.
I trust in God, not government.

Incapable of Governing

Finally, Washington warned that America would be ripe for a master (perhaps
a world dictator) when "... they have been found incapable of governing
themselves."

Most are no longer capable of governing themselves. George Washington hit
the nail on the head when he predicted such a time. When the voter no
longer informs himself about the facts - when character and integrity no
longer matter- when only a continuation of hollow government promises
motivates the voter, our nation is ready for a dictator.

In a recent edition of Investor's Business Daily an editorial posed the
question, "Does Character Still Count?" The article said, "a recent poll
showed that most Americans distrust Clinton Gallup found 54% believe he's
dishonest, 50% think he's lying about Filegate and 49% think he's lying
about Whitewater. An ABC News-Washington Post poll found 56% don't buy his
'bureaucratic snafu' excuse on Filegate." But the upshot of the article is
that morality will not be enough to elect Bob Dole. Clinton still leads
Dole by a hefty margin. 56% told Gallup the president is doing a good job.
Morality no longer counts. Why? George Washington said it best. Americans
have lost all virtue. They reflect a poverty of spirit. They are no
longercapable of ruling themselves. Not only America, but the entire world
is ripe for the Antichrist.
-------------------------------------------------------
August, 1996
Questions or Comments: JR Church jerryc@icon.net


*****************

While America Slept
by Raymond Clarke

Without a doubt the United States of America has been a great nation,
perhaps the greatest nation ever to exist on planet earth. No doubt America
has had its problems and indeed mistakes have been made. What has made
America such a great and mighty nation? To be sure there are many factors
at which we might point with a certain amount of pride and proclaim that
this is what made America Great but, my friend, Almighty God has had his
hand upon America.
Perhaps the educator would point to our educational system and proclaim
that our system of universal education has made America great. Considering
all factors a legitimate argument could be made that indeed we have enjoyed
one of the top educational systems ever to evolve and this educational
system has catapulted America into greatness. Consider the contributions
this nation has made to the world and one would have to give a certain
amount of credit to our educational system. No nation on earth has made the
commitment to education that America has made.
Then our political scientist point with much pride to the Constitution,
framed by our fore-fathers, as the one ingredient which perhaps has made
this nation great. Our republican form of government which many simply
refer to as " a democracy"	( though that is technically
incorrect) has certainly given us the foundation for our government which
has guided this nation quiet well for two hundred years give or take a few
and has contributed much to the stability we have long enjoyed. This
"Constitution" which has become the guardian of our freedoms and is
cherished by millions of Americans was deeply rooted in the Holy
Scriptures.. Over the years it has been zealously guarded by the Supreme
Court of the land as honorable men have given much of their lives to
guarantee proper interpretation thereof.

The military would probably point to the defense department which perhaps
has been second to none in the history of the world and with some degree of
accuracy proclaim that the military is the one thing which has made this
nation the mighty nation it has become. Few nations of the world have dared
take on the mighty military force of this nation and those who did usually
lived to regret it. The United States military forces have indeed, over the
years, been the pride of this nation. The military, like so many other
institutions has become corrupt in many ways and does not stand upon the
Godly principles it once stood.

The economist could likewise point with pride to the economic powerhouse
which this nation became and declare that without this mighty force this
nation could never have become the mighty nation it has become. There have
indeed been some ups and some downs but overall this nation has been an
economic power house over the past two hundred years. Compared to many
nations around the world our poorer Americans have been more wealthy than
many kings of the past.

Yes, my fellow Americans, we have indeed been a blessed nation and a mighty
nation. One Englishmen ( I believe it was) once said, " America is great
because she is good. If she ever ceases to be good she will cease to be
great." Has America ceased to be good? Has America ceased to be great? I
for one am much troubled. Indeed, I still believe in the American people
and I believe that there is much good in America. But sadly I see America
deteriorating at a rapid pace and unless we somehow get back to the values
which has made America good, America will cease to be great!

My friends be assured that our president, our legislature, our educational
system, our supreme court, our military, our economy and even our
Constitution as it is being maligned today are not going to save America.
Nothing is going to save America unless her people repent and cease in
their rebellion against Almighty God. There is no force on earth which can
turn things around. Oh, they may put a little icing on the cake and dress
up a few things here or there but such dressings are not going to turn
things around.

Every time a convict gets out of jail and perhaps commits a highly visible
crime (as bad as that can be) nearly every politician in the nation wants
to jump on the bandwagon and get tough on crime. Politicians have run on
strong anti-crime platforms since I was a kid some fifty plus years ago and
crime has only grown worse. It has just about gotten to the point that it
sickens me to hear a politician from the presidential level down to the
city council level talk about how they are going to get tough on crime. The
fact is they can put one hundred thousand thousand police officers on the
streets or they can build tens of thousands of prisons and they are not
going to solve the crime problem of this nation because the crime problem
is but a symptom of the decaying morals of this nation. I will go one step
further and proclaim that it is a spiritual problem and spiritual problems
will never bow the knee to secular solutions.

The military can build all of the smart bombs they desire along with
sophisticated delivery systems and they are not going to save America
because the problems facing this nation are not going to bow the knee to
the military forces. I believe in a strong military force but if we are
depending upon that to save America from itself, forget it. It is not going
to happen!
The once honorable Supreme Court could be depended upon to protect the
integrity of the Constitution but today we have a real problem. It has only
been in recent years that we have seen less honorable men and women take
their seat on the beloved Court and moved to trash our Constitution for
political expediency. This once honorable body has deteriorated to such a
low level that it refuses to protect the very lives of the most innocent of
all. May God have mercy upon this nation collectively, upon those Supreme
Court Justices or any other individual who refuses to stand in support of
the unborn child . Why, today if the Constitution were being written the
Supreme Court would probably declare it unconstitutional because of its
deep roots in the Holy Scriptures. We cannot, therefore, depend upon our
Supreme Court because all who sit thereon are not honorable men or women
and they stand in need of repentance!

Then we have our social scientist and our economist who have put all of
their faith in the economy and believe that if we can share the wealth with
everyone then all of our problems will be solved. The Great Society should
have taught us how wrong that line of thinking is. About all that this
accomplished was to bring this nation to the brink of bankruptcy and we
have not overcome that till this day. No, my friends our problems are not
going to bow the knee to economic prosperity because that is not the
problem.

This nation is facing terrorism, a force with which it has never had to
deal before now. When some catastrophic event occurs everyone from our
President on down wants to call a press conference to declare how they are
not going to tolerate such violent acts and the first thing they want to do
is to "gut the constitution" which has served this nation so well.
Following the Oklahoma bombing we had to have an anti-terrorist law. Fine,
perhaps it was needed. But every time such an act occurs all that many of
our politicians want to do is to pass more laws and further restrict our
constitutional rights and what so many of us fear is that such action will
one day be turned on the law abiding citizen. Do not scoff, I can assure
you that the way things are moving today it shall happen and may have
already begun. When the government can take everything a man has and jail
him when he builds a house on a damp spot of his own property, or if they
can confiscate ones property without due process, then I think we are in
serious trouble. We must remember that every time we restrict the rights of
the criminal we likewise restrict the rights of every American. It will not
take many such advances on our Constitution until we no longer have a
Constitution.

Someone gets shot and everyone wants to jump on gun control and trash the
constitution as it relates there-to, thereby denying every American citizen
his constitutional right because of the actions of one. Do we want to take
all of the knives form the American people every time someone gets stabbed?
Why not take all of the sticks away from people when some gets clubbed to
death? I know that I am getting ridiculous but it is to make a point. You
cannot stop murder unless you stop it in the heart and it all comes backto
this thing called morality.	

My brother, a young twenty-five year old police officer in south Alabama,
was slain while in the line of duty. How foolish it would be for me to
believe that banning assault weapons would solve anything but boy if I were
a politician I could really make an emotional case for getting assault
rifles off the street. I personally have no need for assault weapons and do
not know why anyone has but my point is that the American people have a
constitutional right to bear arms. Advocates of gun control say that their
goals or objectives are to save lives yet these same people will not stand
up on behalf of the unborn children who are totally and completely
innocent. Why not just leave the Constitution alone? I don't even like
guns. I have one old sixteen gauge gun which belonged to my dad and it
hasn't been fired in 20 years. I do not fear guns nearly as much as I fear
the gutting of the Constitution. Guns are not the problem and if you take
hundreds of millions of guns away from the citizens of American in defiance
of the constitution you have solved nothing because people still have their
sticks. Remember the problems of this nation will not bow the knee to the
absence of guns because our problems are that of moral decay!
It seems as though our educational system may indeed be the only answer but
wait a minute! Education is perhaps the one institution (if you can narrow
it to one) that has done more to bring about moral decay than any other in
this nation with the possible exception of a few so called ministers of the
gospel who preach a social gospel. Sorry about that my fellow educators ( I
am a retired professional educator.) but I place much of the responsibility
for America's problems at the feet of public education and the National
Education Association. The humanist movement in education has done more to
trash the morals of this nation than any other. The humanist movement which
has virtually taken over education has declared that there are no moral
absolutes. They have declared that there is no God and man is answerable
only to himself. Generations have gone through the public schools and have
been taught either deliberately or inadvertently that God does not exist.

The theory of evolution, promoted more by public education than any other
institution gave rise to this Godless humanism which has destroyed the
morals of millions of our youth and led this nation to the very brink of
disaster.

I am sorry Mr. President, Mr. Congressman, Mr. Senator, Mr. Supreme Court
Justice and any other who believes we can legislate our way out of this
quagmire but these problems will not bow the knee to secular solutions and
if you fail to realize that our problems are spiritual in nature and
release the forces which can successfully move against these problems then
all is lost. Your pitiful arguments that more wiretaps, reducing our
constitutional freedoms, more police officers, a stronger military, a
larger FBI, more DEA agents and even the right of women to take the life of
their unborn child are going to solve these problems then your are in worse
shape than I even believe if that is possible. Wake up America! It is not
the economy "stupid", rather it is the moral climate of America that will
ultimately bring her to her knees either in repentance or in submission.
The choice is our own. I love America but I hate what I see happening and
the pitiful solutions being applied. The Lord Jesus Christ is the only
answer and if we Americans do not wake up to that fact, then we can hang it
up. It is all over. To be sure we will probably last or exist for quiet a
number of years based on the sheer momentum of the past, but we are headed
for "ground zero" at an alarming rate and there is no force beyond that of
Almighty God that can save us! Think on these things!

Who is responsible? We are. We sit back and fail to make a stand and
foolishly go along with the establishment. We fail to stand up and speak
out. We neglect our own spiritual development and that ultimately leads to
destruction. I will tell you as John the Baptist told the people of his
day- "Repent America" before it is everlastingly too late!

Raymond Clarke
1609 Lakeview Drive NW
Cullman, AL 35055

******************

DEALING WITH THE C-WORD
By John Loeffler

Well, I have to come out of the closet on this. I know it will shock a lot
of my listeners and readers, and for all of you who have been so faithful
for so long, please forgive me but here goes: I don't believe there's a
deep dark conspiracy afoot to take over the world. There, I've done it!
Joyous relief!

Having made this public confession of my darkest, deepest secret will
surely spare me copious amounts of future grief and ridicule. After all,
serious use of the C-word nowadays in public is enough to evoke howls of
disdain from the far left to alleged-conservatives such as Rush Limbaugh.
With a few bizarre twists of logic, it can even get you branded
anti-semitic by leftist groups posturing themselves as "experts" on the
right. But I'm done with all that now and good riddance to it!

You know, I have to admit, even though I'm not foolish enough any more to
believe in a world takeover conspiracy, I'm still having difficulty
overcoming this addiction, especially when it's so easy to find articles
and speeches by key world leaders, which threaten to push me off the wagon
back into my former depraved beliefs. We should outlaw freedom of the
press. It would make adhering to naivete easier.

Last year, you see, San Francisco hosted the Gorbachev Foundation's State
of the World Forum, attended by a who's-who of world leaders and
personalities. The pervading imagery of the event (not reported in most
media) was the coming global government, society and religion. Forum
president Jim Garrison, in an interview with the San Francisco Weekly, was
quoted as saying, "We are going to end up with world government...we have
to govern and regulate human interaction." Mikhail Gorbachev, former
premier of the Soviet Union announced to the glitterazzi that "we are
giving birth to the first Global Civilization."

Then, this year the United Nations Commission on Global Governance came out
of the closet and issued its 420-page report entitled, OUR GLOBAL
NEIGHBORHOOD, calling for a World Conference on Global Governance in 1998
with all treaties and laws needed to establish global governance in place
and ratified by the year 2000.

Well, maybe I'm reading things into that. But there's a Time magazine
article from July 20, 1992, entitled, "The Birth of the Global Nation",
penned by the State Department's number two man, Strobe Talbott, for which
he received the World Federalist organization's Norman Cousins Global
Governance Award. President Bill Clinton wrote Mr. Talbott a letter of
congratulation stating, "Norman Cousins worked for world peace and world
government...Strobe Talbott's lifetime achievements as a voice for global
harmony have earned him this recognition...He will be a worthy recipient of
the Norman Cousins Global Governance Award. Best wishes...for future
success."

I'm trying hard to stay on the wagon but there is the haunting memory of
Henry Kissinger's article in the Los Angeles Times concerning NAFTA: "What
Congress will have before it is not a conventional trade agreement but the
architecture of a new international system...a first step toward a new
world order." I was told that only right-wing whackos use that term and
surely Mr. Kissinger...no...he wouldn't, would he?

In the Winter 1992 Foreign Affairs Journal, published by the respectable
Council on Foreign Relations -- the one which the hysterical whackos say is
promoting global government -- U.N. Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali
asserted "it is undeniable that the centuries-old doctrine of absolute and
exclusive sovereignty no longer stands...Underlying the rights of the
individual and the rights of people is a dimension of universal sovereignty
that resides in all humanity...It is a sense that increasingly finds
expression in the gradual expansion of international law...In this setting
the significance of the United Nations should be evident and accepted."

In the same journal, Richard Gardner wrote that "an end run around national
sovereignty, eroding it piece by piece, will accomplish much more than the
old-fashioned front assault." He went on to explain how GATT would be this
end-run around national sovereignty.

As far back as September, 1948, Senator Alben Barkley, a vice-president of
the Interparliamentary Union, said, "one of the aims of this union is to
create a world government. But I must say as a personal opinion that the
time is not yet mature for what we mean by world government. We must create
a more efficient organization here and we must strengthen the United
Nations before we can achieve our goal of world government."

I could go on and on about my struggles to stay on the wagon but, in truth,
my nightmares revolve around the content of the most recent United Nations
conferences in Rio de Janeiro, Copenhagen, Beijing, Istanbul and Cairo and
their ensuing documents and treaties which have the following themes: (1)
Capitalism is bad and global socialism is good. (2) The United States (and
the west) is responsible for all of the world's problems and environmental
damage. (3) A socialist global government is the only way to get rid of
these problems, and (4) We must transfer the West's (read United States')
money to accomplish this wonderful dream, which (5) will be achieved using
treaties and international agreements, all of which become legally binding
and do an end-run on the countries' sovereignty. I guess it's no surprise
that Fidel Castro received a thunderous, standing ovation with hordes of
delegates rushing to shake his hand after delivering a scathing
denunciation of the United States at the Habitat II, the U.N. Conference on
Human Settlements in Istanbul last year. I knew about it. Didn't your
newspaper didn't tell you that?

Boy, now I'm breaking out in a sweat. I've got to stay on the wagon. Just
when I think I can make it, disaster. I read a passage from the 1968 book
TRAGEDY AND HOPE, written by President Bill Clinton's mentor at Georgetown
University, the now-deceased Professor Carroll Quigley. In it, Professor
Quigley, whom Mr. Clinton twice after election to office publically
accredited with being responsible for being a major influence in his life,
says: "There does exist, and has existed for a generation, an
international...network which operates, to some extent, in the way the
radical right believes the Communists act. In fact, this network, which we
may identify as the Round Table Groups (should I read CFR?), has no
aversion to cooperating with the Communists, or any other groups, and
frequently does so. I know of the operations of this network because I have
studied it for twenty years and was permitted for two years, in the early
1960s, to examine its papers and secret records. I have no aversion to it
or to most of its aims and have, for much of my life, been close to it and
to many of its instruments. I have objected, both in the past and recently
to a few of it policies...but in general my chief difference of opinion is
that it wishes to remain unknown, and I believe its role in history is
significant enough to be known."

Oh, dear me, Auntie M. I'm slipping. I don't believe in conspiracies. I
don't believe in conspiracies. There's no place like political correctness.
Does anyone know where I can join a chapter of Conspiracy Whackos
Anonymous? I need help.

# # #

John Loeffler hosts the Information Radio Network's weekly news program
Steel on Steel heard Saturdays in Denver on KPOF (910 AM) at 10:00 a.m. and
in Colorado Springs on KCBR (1040 AM) at 1:00 p.m. He also hosts the
national program The Missler Report with Chuck Missler heard on KLT in
Denver (670 AM) weekdays at 6:00 a.m. and 3:45 p.m. John's EMAIL is
loeffler@iea.com. To inquire about obtaining a tape of the recent Steel on
Steel programs on U.N. treaties, call toll-free at (800) 829-5646.

******************

COMPASSION AND MERCY
By Rowland Croucher

'They [the Jerusalem church leaders] asked only one thing, that we remember
the poor, which was actually what I was eager to do' (Galatians 2:10)

Healthy churches are concerned not only about 'saving souls' -- evangelism
-- but helping others deprived of necessary daily needs. Unfortunately
Christians have sometimes emphasized one or the other of these two areas of
essential ministry, rather than both.

Jim Wallis somewhere put it well: 'The greatest need in our time is not
simply for kerygma, the preaching of the gospel, nor for diakonia, service
on behalf of justice, nor for charisma, the experience of the Spirit's
gifts, nor even for propheteia, the challenging of the king. The greatest
need of our time is for koinonia, the call to simply be the church -- to
love one another, and to offer our life for the sake of the world.'

A theological understanding of Christian social concern begins with the
character of God. He is a 'social God', relating within the community of
the Trinity, and, in the Incarnation of Jesus Christ, with his creatures on
this planet. Jesus came with a mandate to preach, liberate and heal (Luke
4:18-19) and commissions his followers to do the same as he did (John
20:21). So the church, the body of Christ, does in its world what Jesus did
in his: no more, no less. It adopts Jesus' stance towards others: that of a
servant. And it will be called to account at the Great Judgment relative to
the presence or absence of ministries of compassion to the poor (Matthew
25:31-46).

Who are the poor? They are people who have no 'place'. The materially poor
are deprived of a place within the bounty of the community; the lonely, the
imprisoned, or the emotionally poor do not have a place within a loving
family or community; the politically poor do not have a place in the
decision-making processes of their government; refugees are 'displaced',
without a part of the earth to call their own; the spiritually deprived do
not have a place in the Kingdom. Our Christian compassion must address all
these issues. The meaning of Christian 'hospitality' is simply our opening
up our hearts, our lives, our homes, our commun- ities, to the 'wretched of
the earth'. Hospitality is providing a place for Jesus, who is still poor
today.

I asked some very poor rural Brazilians what made them anxious or fearful.
A sad-looking mother said, 'I cannot warm my children with just one
blanket.' A man who had the face and hands of half a century's hard labour
said, 'I toil and toil but have very little to show for it'.

I was very moved. What do I say to them? Maybe my tears spoke louder than
any words. I felt helpless, but I also felt a solidarity with them in their
despair.

'Compassion' comes from the Latin pati and cum - 'to suffer with'. The
church takes Jesus as its model for compassion. Twelve times in the Gospels
Jesus or his Father- God are said to be 'moved with compassion' for worried
and helpless people (e.g. Matthew 9:36). Our Lord sends us his followers
into the world to 'be compassionate as your Father is compassionate' (Luke
6:36).

How does compassion work? In the same way God's does: he sends Jesus into
the world to be with us. He emptied himself and became a servant
(Philippians 2). That gives us dignity: we must be worth a lot if he is
willing to be our slave! He says to us: 'I will be with you always until
the end of the age' (Matthew 28:20). We are not alone.

So compassion is more than sympathy -- 'feeling sorry' for the poor. It's
not 'pity' for someone weak or inferior. Compassion is a 'doing verb' --
relieving the pain of others, not just emoting about it. But it's more than
'helping the less fortunate' -- that's elitist and paternalistic.

Compassion, says Matthew Fox, is the world's richest energy source. A few
days before his death, Rabbi Heschel said, 'There is an old idea in Judaism
that God suffers when we suffer... Even when a criminal is hanged on the
gallows, God cries. God identifies himself with the misery on this earth. I
can help God by reducing human suffering, human anguish and human misery.'

But there's so much pain -- where do I start? In the Matthew text
describing Jesus' compassion (9:35-38), our Lord then turns to his
disciples and says 'There's so much to do, and so few to do it, PRAY!'
First, pray! Prayer tunes us in to the heart of God. Prayer helps us focus
on others and their needs. Prayer turns frustration and anger into hope. A
by-product of prayer is peace, without which we will never act
appropriately in an unjust world.

I believe it is important for every wage or salary earner, with their
family or community, to give a proportion away regularly to the poor -- in
one's own country and overseas. You could sponsor a child, or give directly
to projects among the poor (more of your dollar gets there that way).
Choose an organization, preferably, that is committed to a 'need not creed'
approach (as Jesus was, rather than giving to your kind of people only). Or
you can give through your own denomination: whatever you do, try to be well
informed about the situations you are supporting.

We are called, to use an image of Thomas Merton's, motivated and empowered
by the love of God to be involved in the sufferings of the world because it
is the aim of God's love to reset the broken bones of humanity.

(These notes of sermons/studies originally commissioned by World Vision are
not copyright. They may be adapted by preachers or small group leaders and
used with or without acknowledgment).

Director, JOHN MARK MINISTRIES
Resources for pastors/leaders & spouses
Tel: 613 9729 2517 Fax: 613 9729 2494
Email: rowlandc@werple.net.au
Home Page: http://www.pastornet.net.au/jmm Clergy/Leaders' List:
clergym@pastornet.net.au
(SUBSCRIBE on subject-line)

****************

A NATIONAL INFORMATION SYSTEM

Executive Order #13011
by Berit Kjos

On July 16, President Clinton signed Executive Order #13011, creating a
massive new bureaucracy with authority to manage "Federal Information
Technology." It links the data gathered by the health, education, and labor
departments to the data accessible to the FBI, CIA, EPA, and other federal
agencies. And it apparently gives this unified information system
unspecified power to-

* Propagandize the public by disseminating politically correct information
everywhere.

* Control people through a vast federal data bank and monitoring system.

Yet, at first glance, this new order sounds practical enough to silence
most critics. Section 1 begins, "It shall be the policy of the United
States Government that executive agencies shall:

a) significantly improve the management of their
information systems....
b) refocus information technology management to support...
strategic missions....
c) establish clear accountability for information resources management
activities by creating agency Chief Information Officers (CIOs)....
d) ... promote a coordinated, interoperable, secure, and shared
Government-wide infrastructure that is provided and supported by a
diversity of private sector suppliers....

The CIOs are selected by the heads of participating executive agencies.
These include most of the agencies represented in the President's
Commission on Critical Infrastructure Protection (Executive Order 13010):
the CIA, FEMA, FBI as well as the Departments of Defense, Commerce,
Transportation, Energy, etc. Executive Order 13011 expands that network by
adding the EPA (Environmental Protection Agency), the Departments of
Interior, Education, Health and Human Services, Labor, HUD, Army, Navy, and
Air Force along with NASA, the Agency for International Development, and
others.

To grasp the extent of its reach, remember that the controversial "Careers
Act" (HR1617) would have linked only three agencies-the Departments of
Education, Labor and Health and Human Services-in an effort to create a
national employment agency and a "National Electronic Data Base," part of a
massive "National Labor Market Information System."

The Chief Information Officers make up the CIO Council, which shall
"develop... federal information technology management policy" and "sponsor
cooperation in using information resources, procedures, and standards...."
It still sounds like good business practice, doesn't it?

Section 4 establishes Government Information Technology Services that
encourages "cross-agency cooperation" and develops "shared governmentwide
information infrastructure services." Its "major government mission areas"
include electronic commerce, law enforcement, environmental protection,
national defense, and health care." In the name of national security and
protection from terrorists, polluters, extremists, and other enemies to the
global village, the all-seeing eyes of the State will have power to search
everywhere and to monitor everyone.

Section 7 links the Federal information management system to "State and
local governments" and "nongovernmental international organizations" and
"intergovernmental organizations." Section 9 deals with "liaison,
consultation, and negotiation with foreign governments and intergovernmenal
organizations on all matters related to information resources management"
and ensures "that the United States is represented in the development of
international standards.... affecting information technology." Do you see
the bigger picture?

Standing alone, this executive order might raise little alarm. But examined
in the light of the United Nations agenda and stated government intentions,
it looks ominous. The UN has called for a sophisticated international
computerized information system that would disseminate its politically
correct data and pseudo-scientific risk assessments into every community,
build consensus based on its visions, goals, values, and choices, then
monitor individual and collective compliance everywhere-in homes, schools,
offices....

"Develop gender-sensitive databases, information and monitoring systems,"
states the Beijing Platform for Action (#258). It calls for the "consistent
flow of information" among "national, subregional/regional and
international institutions." (#288) -all under the watchful guidance of the
UN's Social and Economic Council. (#314)

The UN plan matches the Clinton plan for social transformation through a
vast government-controlled information and surveillance system. The
President's Council on Sustainable Development (PCSD)-the US counterpart to
the UN Commission on Sustainable Development-issued a report that echoes
the UN agenda. Called, Sustainable America: A New Consensus, it states in
Chapter 3 which deals with "Information and Education,"

"Citizens... depend on the quality and timeliness of information to alert
them to hazards and to make informed decisions.... As sustainable
development focuses attention on new environmental, social, or economic
concerns, government must perform this critical management function more
effectively to ensure the quality and timely availability of new kinds of
information....

"The federal government is already participating in collaborative efforts
with the public, the private sector, and intergovernmental organizations to
improve information management. These efforts should be expanded to include
priority setting for data collection and analysis, identification of the
most useful formats for dissemination, and additional mechanisms...." (p.
59)

The report calls for "international cooperation" and broad governmental
networks to coordinate "comprehensive regional inventories and assessments
of environmental, economic, and social indicators of progress." The public
would be warned about "risk assessment" and taught "accurate information
built on basic scientific research... needed for sound decisionmaking."
(p.61)

The truthfulness of this "accurate information" would depend on political
expedience. As Stanford environmentalist Stephen Schneider said, "We'd like
to see the world a better place... to get some broad-based support, to
capture the public's imagination. That, of course, entails getting loads of
media coverage. So we have to offer up scary scenarios, make simplified,
dramatic statements and make little mention of any doubts we might
have...." (See Brave New Schools, chapter 5)

The PCSD report calls for "policies that increase access to public
information for all segments of society and encourage the development of
the National Information Infrastructure."(p. 64) It wants "better tools for
measuring the public value"-the community consensus and solidarity based on
common goals and values called "social capital" by UN and World Bank
leaders.

To the PCSD, "information is useful only if citizens can put it into a
framework of knowledge and use it to solve problems, form values, and make
choices"-the right choices. For this "framework of knowledge" is the new
global paradigm-the new way of thinking, believing, and deciding that turns
traditional values, facts, and logic upside down. It's the bridge to the
21st Century and it burns the bridges to the past.

This monstrous information management system is part of a global
phenomenon. Already, "more than 100 nations have established national
councils on sustainable development similar to the US President's Council
on Sustainable Development." (p.160) Following UN guidelines for
"information management," each nation guides its unsuspecting public toward
global controls through deceptive propaganda in the name of "scientific
research."

The PCSD report was sent to me from the US Department of Education with a
letter that stated, "The PCSD is now entering its implementation phase."
Apparently, Executive Order 13011 is part that phase.

As you ponder the significance of Executive Orders 13010 and 13011,
remember what Al Gore wrote in Earth in the Balance: "Adopting a central
organizing principle [saving the earth] means embarking on an all-out
effort to use every policy and program, every law and institution, every
treaty and alliance, every tactic and strategy to halt the destruction of
the environment.... Minor shifts in policy.. rhetoric offered in lieu of
genuine change-these are all forms of appeasement, designed to satisfy the
public's desire to believe that sacrifice, struggle and a wrenching
transformation of society will not be necessary." (p. 274, Emphasis added)

The world is changing fast. If our globalist leaders win this battle, they
will end the freedoms Americans have taken for granted. It's time to awaken
our neighbors, pray to the only God who can reverse these trends, seek His
guidance, and stand together against the forces that would mold our minds
and control our lives. When we trust and follow Him, He makes us "more than
conquerors." (Romans 8:37)

#	# #

For practical information about the new education system designed to mold
and monitor the minds of both children and parents, read Brave New Schools
(Harvest House Publishers) by Berit Kjos. Available through Christian
bookstores or call 800-829-5646.

*****************


Prophe-Zine's News Bites
Bio-Chip Update

Gun Control Is Technologically Feasible
By Rob Smith
RSmith1996@aol.com

LOS ANGELES NEWSPAPER REPORTS
Electronic Surveillance is Inevitable

Douglas Hull didn't know he was paving the way for the antichrist when he
started his company 13 years ago.

"We just thought we were creating a new technology that helps lost pets get
found," he said. Hull is chief operating officer of privately held Avid
Inc. of Narco, which makes computer chips that are injected under pet's
skin. Animal pounds with scanners "read" the chip to identify the owner of
a missing pooch. Avid also makes electronic bracelets the U.S. Navy has
used to identify refugees at Guantanamo Bay. To Hull and others, this is
technological progress. To a small but vocal number of folks, it's
something else: the devil's work. Those electronic identification devices,
they say, will soon be used in people. They are, the argument continues,
the "sign of the beast" warn of in Chapter 13 of the Book of Revelations.
"And he causeth all... to receive a mark in their right hand or in their
foreheads."

"These (biochips) are a sign of impending possibilities, and will be fully
instituted when we have an antichrist and a One World Government," said the
Rev. Joseph Chambers, head of the Paw Creek Church in Charlotte North
Carolina.

Terry Cook, a former Los Angeles policeman who calls himself a Christian
researcher or"the electronic enslavement undera New World Order," agrees
"Most of these people (at highs tech companies) are good people who think
they are just creatingadvanced technology," he said.

"But what they are doing will eventually lead to our enslavement," Cook said.

Among the companies viewed: with suspicion by the antichrist people is the
apply name Hughes Identification Devices, 48 subsidiary of Hughes Aircraft.
It already produces chips that end up in humans, though they're not
directly implanted. Hughes Identification makes a rice-sized chip that
Switzerland's LipoMatrix puts in its soybean-based breast implants. The
chip can be scanned to learn who made the implant, the country of origin,
the doctor who did the surgery and the product's distributor.

Congress prompted companies to make such chips when it passed the Safe
Medical Device Registration Act in 1990. The act requires that devices
placed in the body be permanently marked with an identification number.
What about Big Brother, Big Blue? Does the advanced technology being
developed by huge chip maker International Business Machines Corp. include
identity chips? No, says Mik King, a spokesman for IBM' Network Application
Services Division in White Plains, N.Y. Still, the Bible-quoting critics
don't go unnoticed by some makers of the products at issue. Avid's Hull
said his company takes pains to avoid stringing three sixes together in
issuing identity! numbers for its pet chips-a six hundred three score and
six being the beast's number, according to Revelations.

Not all my concern about implanted chips comes from Christian
fundamentalists. Robert Ellis Smith, editor of the Privacy Journal in
Providence, R.I., says he's not aligned with the Christian right but shares
some of their apprehensions. There are one-way implications for putting
these (identity devices) into humans-once you do it, you can't reverse it,"
Ellis said. He predicts that within a few years chipswill become
increasingly common in paroles and Alzheimer's disease patients. Then there
is the recent debate in Congress over ways to reduce illegal immigration.
One proposal, in a bill sponsored by Wyoming Sen. Alan Simpson and Texas
Rep. Lamar Smith, is for a federal computer system that would check on the
background of every person hired for a job.

Arguing in favor of the bill,Florida Rep. Bill McCollum said the country
needs a Gore tamper-proof" identification system than is in place today.
One of the possibilities he mentioned was "a biometric identifier." Such
things sound ominous indeed to Cook, the Christian researcher. Hitler used
an identification system for Jews based on tattoos in the skin," Cook said.
"What's coming is electronic identification rather than tattoos."

Words__ of__ Caution

There were words back in 1993 that legislators intend to pursue the use of
biomedical chips placed in the palms of gun owners hands to assure that a
gun _can not_ be fired unless it was in the hands of the person it was
registered to. This is very technologically feasible today. They intend to
start using this technique on police officers so that when they are
apprehending a criminal and the criminal goes for the police officers gun
it will render the gun useless. These chips will have a dual capability.
One is to assure a safe weapon and the other is a mating transponder inside
the weapon so that it can be located within inches of their stowed
location. I believe they will call this "Affirmative Gun Control" a highly
feasible concept with current technology and more so in the future.In a
cashless society this is how everyone will pay their bills, shop for food,
and be identified and located.

"In the year 2510, everything you think, do, or say will be in the pill you
took today."

++++++++++++++++++

No God for the Dems...
Paula Demmers
Rdy4Battle@aol.com

On August 30, 1996 ath 9:11 CST, at the National Democratic Committee
Meeting at the Sheraton Hotel in Chicago, Illimois, C-Span gave live
coverage as the Pledge to the flag was recited but.....SOMETHING WAS
MISSING...

   " I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands; one nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all."       "UNDER GOD" was missing!!

   A spokesperson answering the phones for the convention, Steve Quaigman
(sp?) replied to a concerned citizen from Louisiana: "We don't use that any
more, I'm a teacher from New York and we don't use those words in New York
schools anymore either,  Some of us don't believe in God."  He further
stated that he was handling 6 telephone lines and didn't have time for
stupid Christians like them and slammed the phone down.  One citizen, a 26
year+ Veteran of the U.S. Military was told this was the "politically
correct version" of the pledge to the flag.

        WAKE UP AMERICA!
        DOES THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY REPRESENT YOUR VALUES?

        Call the Democratic National Committee
        202 863-8000 For your answer !!

C-Span transcripts are available and usually replays events at later
times...so watch for this Again!!!

++++++++++++++++++


Israel In The News
By: Lee Underwood
mbi@digital.net

Week Ending: September 7, 1996/Elul 23, 5756

"Consider the covenant; for the dark places of the land are full of the
habitations of violence. Let not the oppressed return dishonored; let the
afflicted and needy praise Thy name." Psalm 74.20-21

NETANYAHU MEETS WITH ARAFAT: On Wednesday, Prime Minister Netanyahu and
Palestinian Authority (PA) Chairman Yassir Arafat met at the Erez
Checkpoint in Gaza. The meeting, which was aired live on International
Television, was billed as a large step towards the continuation and
completion of the Israel- PA piece process. Netanyahu stated that he
intends to honor agreements signed by the previous Labor Party government,
including agreements signed regarding Hevron. The Prime Minister emphasized
that all matters on all levels are open for discussion and they would be
dealt with at the negotiating table.

Labor MK Haggai Merom claimed that he has learned that Netanyahu made a
secret promise to Arafat to execute the withdrawal from Hevron "soon," and
not to establish new communities in YESHA. Arafat would not confirm or deny
reports concerning a secret deal with PM Netanyahu.

Ma'ariv reports that Zvi Katzover, head of the Kiryat Arba Council hung a
black flag outside his home. "Netanyahu met with the one he himself called
the master murderer - and for me this is a day of mourning," he explained.
"He misled a large part of his voters. What we feared has come to pass.
This is a black day for Israel. Whoever begins to give in will continue to
do so until he gives up Jerusalem." (SNS, Galei Tzahal)

SETTLERS TO BUILD: YESHA has responded to the Netanyahu-Arafat meeting by
deciding to embark on a major building campaign - legally if possible, but
illegally if not. Council Chairman Pinchas Wallerstein said that the
council would wait no longer for a green light from the government and this
would be a test concerning its intentions in the development of YESHA.
Council spokeswoman Aliza Herbst said the council planned to start in
places where there are already fully-approved building plans. These plans,
which she
said encompass "hundreds" of units, were frozen by the previous government,
but could theoretically go ahead now that the cabinet has revoked the
freeze - though the government still has the legal power to put a stop to
them at any stage. Originally, Herbst said, the council had decided not to
build these units without the government's explicit approval. However, in
the words of an official press statement, the council was "shocked" by PM
Netanyahu's decision to meet with Arafat, "while his promises to his
constituents [such as building in the territories] remain unfulfilled." At
an emergency meeting held late Wednesday night, it therefore decided it
could wait no longer for the government's okay. Meanwhile, Minister of
Infrastructure, Ariel Sharon, ordered that plans be prepared to build
houses on plots released for construction on the Eastern slopes of the
Golan Heights.

In another story, Ha'Aretz reports Deputy Housing Minister, Meir Porush, ins
tructed the team preparing a new map identifying "priority areas" to ignore
the Jewish settlements because they are a "sensitive" matter whose future
will be determined by the government. (Jerusalem Post, Arutz Sheva, IMRA)

ARAFAT THREATENS TO DECLARE PALESTINIAN STATE: In a speech Saturday
(8-31-96) in Shechem, Arafat said, "We will soon declare the lands of the
Palestinian State. I say to Israel that if they do not carry out the
agreement, we will have no other choice." However, on Thursday of this past
week (9-5-96), PM Netanyahu vowed before the Likud central committee,
"There never will be a Palestinian state between the sea and the Jordan."
He also pledged that Jerusalem will never be redivided, that Jewish
settlements "will remain forever and prosper," and that his government will
move towards peace with security "at the proper speed, without reckless
haste."

In another story, Ha'Aretz reports security sources are concerned over
reports that Yasser Arafat's new helicopters have been outfitted with
radiation detectors. According to Israeli sources, Israel will not permit
the helicopters to fly over Israel with the detectors.

Meanwhile, Israel has transferred close to NIS 200 million ($63 million)
over the last two years to a Tel Aviv bank account, which has been
designated mainly for PA Chairman Arafat's discretionary spending, the
Jerusalem Post has learned from non-Israeli and Israeli officials. The
money, which has been nicknamed by some as "Fund B" or "the slush fund,"
consists of gasoline taxes which Israel is supposed to rebate to the PA as
revenue for its operating budget. "It is known what amounts go into the Tel
Aviv Bank Leumi account, but we just do not know what amounts go out and
for what purpose," an official told the Post. "Apparently, there is a slice
of the money that is supposed to and perhaps does make its way for the PA
budget. Yet the fund is for Arafat's use and there is no question that the
account operates outside of the framework of Palestinian Authority
accountability." The PA could not be reached for a comment. Meanwhile, when
asked how long this payment policy to the Tel Aviv account will continue,
an official in the Prime Minister's Office said, "This matter is now being
closely examined by the government and it will take appropriate action once
all the details are uncovered." The existence of this unknown account has
been known, not just to Israel but also to the estimated two dozen donor
countries which provide funding to the PA. In fact, sources say, the donors
wrote a formal letter to Arafat in April 1995 and asked him to
"consolidate" the account into regular
PA accounts, which are scrutinized by the international community. The
existence of the account is also said to be known to US congressman Ben
Gilman, head of the House International Affairs Committee, who is said to
be waiting for an explanation of how the money in this account is being
spent, before he releases the $10 million in US aid that he has been
holding up since last fall. (SNS, Jerusalem Post, IMRA)

HEVRON DISPATCH: On Friday, the Israeli government voted to create a team
to guide plans for withdrawal from Hevron. The team will be led by PM
Netanyahu, with participating Foreign Minister David Levy and Defense
Minister Yitzhak Mordechai. Infrastructure Minister Ariel Sharon was
excluded from the team, and made his disappointment known. The team will
attempt to alter the withdrawal and redeployment plans to reflect the
spirit of the Netanyahu government policy.

Peace Now has announced the commencement of a Hevron campaign, designed at
convincing the Israeli public that withdrawal from Hevron is 'good for
everyone.' The Peace Now supporters have been critical of the government's
procrastination regarding the redeployment from Hevron. The campaign will
include a demonstration in Jerusalem, and a march in Hevron, as well as a
meeting with Hevron Arabs. Galei Tzahal reports that members and supporters
of Peace Now were stopped by Israel Defense Force (IDF) troops from holding
a planned demonstration on Wednesday. Security forces stopped their bus
north of Hevron at Gush Etzion Junction. They presented the demonstrators
with a Military Order declaring the area a Closed Military Zone. (Jewish
Community of Hevron, SNS)

JERUSALEM UPDATE: Arutz Sheva has learned that PA employees are working
feverishly to complete the construction of another mosque adjacent to the
southern section of the Temple Mount. PM Netanyahu received word of this
Friday. A restraining order has been served against the works and municipal
officials visited the site Friday to ensure that the orders are being
honored.

The PA remain firm in their demand for an Israeli pullout from all of East
Jerusalem and the closure of several PA offices in the city should not be
seen as a change in the PA position, Faisal Husseini, the senior PLO
official in Jerusalem, said Monday. "Israel must pull out of all East
Jerusalem, in accordance with UN Resolution 242," Husseini told a press
conference at Orient House, the PLO Headquarters in the city. "Israel must
realize that on the issue of Jerusalem, it has not only the PLO Authority
to deal with, but also the entire Arab world, and international community,"
which would back the PA claims to the city, Husseini said.

Meanwhile, Foreign Minister David Levy warned Ireland, the current European
Union (EU) president, not to send an EU delegation to visit Orient House in
eastern Jerusalem, the Jerusalem Post reported. "We have reached an
agreement that the political institutions of the Palestinians are no longer
to be located in Jerusalem," Levy said. Kol Yisrael reported that the
Foreign Minister discussed the issue in Dublin with Irish Foreign Minister
Dick Spring. The EU rejected the appeal. Spring said that the EU adopted a
resolution several weeks ago requiring foreign ministers of the EU's
presidency to visit Orient House while in Israel.

In another development, Ha'Aretz relates a report recently prepared by a
senior security official and presented to the government reveals that
approximately 100 apartments around Jerusalem have been rented by Jabril
Rajoub's PA security forces. The apartments are
used as offices for interrogations and other activities which are
prohibited by the Oslo Agreements in those areas. The security source
explained that it is difficult to prove that the PA forces are acting in
the apartments because their neighbors in the villages fear them. Despite
this, Israel does get information because the forces also are involved in
settling local disputes and always settle in favor of their landlords -
leading the losers in the disputes to turn to the Israelis to complain.
While Israel has protested this massive illegal presence of Rajoub's forces
around Jerusalem, the activity continues. (Jerusalem Post/SNS, IMRA)

UN SYMPOSIUM ON "PALESTINE" HELD IN GENEVA: Delegates at the joint UN
International Non-Governmental Organizations (NGO) Meeting/European NGO
Symposium on "Palestine", in Geneva have called on the international
community, and specially the United Nations and the European Union, to urge
Israel to observe its obligations under the Declaration of Principles and
the Interim Agreement on the West Bank and the Gaza Strip. The groups
declared that certain measures by the new Israeli Government had created
new obstacles for the piece process which undermined confidence, generated
insecurity among the Palestinian People and posed a threat to securing a
just and lasting piece. A statement adopted by the NGOs at the end of the
three- day international symposium said: "Although the resolution of the
questions relating to Jerusalem, Israeli settlements and the right of
return has been deferred to the permanent status negotiations, we NGOs
clearly reaffirm their fundamental importance to any just and lasting
piece. We firmly oppose any Israeli action designed to predetermine the
final outcome of the talks". (UN Daily Highlights)

TERRORISTS STOPPED: Galei Tzahal reports three Arabs were placed under
arrest about a week ago and charged with conspiring to carry out attacks
against Israeli targets. Among the sites that were targeted was the Zichron
Kedoshim Synagogue, in the Jaffa area of Tel- Aviv. The Synagogue was
reported to have been a mosque, once upon a time, and it was at the top of
the list. A Jerusalem factory and other factories and synagogues in the
Jaffa area of Tel-Aviv were also slated to be blown up. The suspects are
said to have a connection with the Moslem Wakf, the authority responsible
for the Temple Mount in Jerusalem's Old City. One of the suspects is
reported to be from the PLO-controlled town of Kalkilya. It is reported
that they had 10 Molotov cocktails in their possession when arrested.
Police stated they were caught early in their plans to commit the terrorist
acts.

Meanwhile, Army sources advise that there has been an increase in stone
throwing by young Palestinians, including supporters of the agreement with
Israel, with the encouragement of Hamas members, reports Ha'Aretz. In the
last month over 100 incidents of stone throwing against settlers and
Israeli security forces were recorded. (SNS, IMRA)

EGYPTIANS WORRY OVER RETURN TO JEWISH FAITH: The Egyptian daily
Al-Ghumhuriyya wrote that Israel is experiencing religious polarization.
The paper in an editorial warned about the wave of individuals returning to
the Jewish faith. The piece also charged that the haredi attack on the
Supreme Court was one facet of an anti-Moslem surge. The episode also is
indicative of the birth of a new establishment in Israel, a religious one
that will dictate its terms to the government in the coming years, said
Al-Ghumhuriyya. (Arutz Sheva)

ISRAEL STANDS READY IN CASE OF SCUD ATTACK: Ha'Aretz reports security
authorities have undertaken a number of technical measures to prevent
Israel from being surprised by an Iraqi Scud attack. Air Force Commander
Eitan Ben-Eliahu said that although the US attack on Iraq should not have
any ramifications for Israel, the Air Force is always prepared for any
possibility. Security officials now have direct access to information
provided by American satellites. Israel had previously asked for access to
this information but was
refused. Former Minister of Defense and Aeronautics Engineer, Moshe Arens,
stated that Israel is also following the events in Iraq via its new
satellite, Ofek-3. Many hundreds of Israelis are not taking any chances:
long lines formed at gas-mask distribution centers throughout the country
as citizens came to refresh their family gas-mask kits. (Israel Line, Arutz
Sheva, SNS)

FIRE IN JERUSALEM CORRIDOR: An end-of-summer heat wave fed a simmering
blaze Friday in forested kibbutzim and villages outside Jerusalem, which
forced thousands of residents to evacuate. The blaze devoured more than 400
acres of forest and damaged 40 homes in at least two villages. Two people
were hospitalized in Jerusalem for smoke inhalation and 11 others were
treated on site. (AP)

IN HIS OWN WORDS: "We have several options available, political, economic
and social which we can exercise if Netanyahu's position does not change -
among them is armed struggle, using the weapons which the Palestinian
Authority has." Col. Mohammed Dahlan, Commander Palestinian Preventive
Security.

"Binyamin Netanyahu is a bigger Nazi than Hitler and more of a Zionist than
[Ze'ev] Jabotinsky, Menachem Begin and Yitzchak Shamir." This quote was
taken from a PA newspaper that is printed and distributed in PA- controlled
Ram'Allah. It appeared in Tuesday's edition. (IMRA/Ha'Aretz, SNS)

STEERING COMMITTEE TO MEET ON MONDAY: The Israeli- Palestinian Supreme
Steering Committee will convene on Monday for the first time and focus on
formulating
working procedures and adopting an agenda for future talks, Ha'Aretz
reported. According to an agreement between PM Netanyahu and PA Chairman
Arafat, the steering committee will discuss the IDF redeployment in Hebron,
the closure on the territories, and other security-related matters such as
the operation of the Palestinian airport in Dahiniya. The committee is
headed by former IDF Chief of Staff Dan Shomron and PA member Sa'eb Arikat.
The newspaper reported that the sides will establish a subcommittee to work
on the Hevron redeployment. Arikat said the committee willdiscuss inviting
observers from five new countries to join the current temporary group of
international monitors in the city. The committee will discuss a location
for the Joint Liaison Command Center near Hevron as well as the location
for a joint patrol base. (Israel Line)


F.Y.I. - Israel In The News

Week Ending: September 14, 1996/Tishri 1, 5757

"And it will come about that just as you were a curse among the nations, O
house of Judah and house of Israel, so I will save you that you may become
a blessing. Do not fear; let your hands be strong" Zechariah 8.13

NETANYAHU TRAVELS TO US: Following his meeting with US President Clinton on
Monday, Prime Minister Netanyahu stated that Israeli-Syrian negotiations
can be renewed if Damascus desires such talks, Kol Yisrael reported. Dr.
Dore Gold, Netanyahu's foreign policy advisor, remained in Washington to
work with US-Middle East Coordinator Dennis Ross on formulating a proposal
to restart negotiations. Ross is expected to visit the Middle East next
week. Negotiations with the Palestinian Authority (PA) were also discussed
during Monday's meetings. The Prime Minister explained his views on the
Israel Defense Force (IDF) redeployment in Hevron to US Secretary of State
Christopher. Netanyahu said the two sides need to make corrections and
revise security arrangements for areas slated to be transferred to
Palestinian control. Netanyahu added that the Israeli-Palestinian
negotiating agenda is now focusing on implementing the Interim Agreement.
Netanyahu also visited New York this week and attended the 40th anniversary
dinner of the Conference of Presidents Of Major Jewish Organizations on
Tuesday night. VP Gore and Republican VP candidate Jack Kemp were also in
attendance, and vied with each other over who was Israel's strongest
supporter. Kemp talked of his many trips to Israel, heaped praise on
Netanyahu, and vowed that a Dole White House would never pressure Israel
into giving up the Golan Heights. Not to be outdone, Gore declared,
"History will record that Israel has never had a better friend in the White
House than President Bill Clinton. Just as we walked alongside Yitzchak
Rabin in his quest for piece, so we will be proud to walk together with
you, Mr. Prime Minister." Netanyahu called upon Jewish organizations and
communities in the US to take part in a project for the "renaissance of the
Jewish people." Netanyahu demanded that the US Jewish community invest a
greater effort to thwart assimilation.

Meanwhile, in an interview that appeared in Friday's (09-06-96) edition of
Ma'ariv, Netanyahu said that he plans to "limit" the authorities of the
Supreme Court. Sunday he clarified his commitment to the rule of law in the
country and to the independence of the Supreme Court. However, he added
that the issue of separation of powers is the subject of international
debate, as well as within Israel, and that he was still studying it.
(Israel Line, Arutz Sheva, Virtual Jerusalem)

WAKF REFUSES TO STOP CONSTRUCTION ON TEMPLE MOUNT: Officials of the Moslem
Wakf Authority, responsible for the Temple Mount of Jerusalem's Old City,
refused to accept a "stop-building order" presented to them last week by
Jerusalem Municipality Inspectors [see FYI 9-7-96-ed]. The Wakf Officials
stated that the Jerusalem Municipality has no authority over them and the
Temple Mount and they had no intention of complying with the order. They
refused to accept the papers from the Municipality Officials. The
Inspectors stuck the order on a wall, and left the area. Sheik Muchmad
Hussein, responsible for the Temple Mount site, stated he sees this move by
the Jerusalem Municipality as a direct affront to the Moslem worshipers.
The Supreme Court Thursday considered the petition of the Temple Mount
Faithful against the Jerusalem Police concerning the illegal Waqf
construction activity on the Temple Mount. It became clear during the
session that the Jerusalem municipality has not taken any action against
the construction, despite a Supreme Court ruling obligating them to do so.
Supervisors are to visit the Mount next week to document the activity. The
authorities had earlier decided not to interfere with the Waqf construction
for fear of "instigating unrest." (SNS, Arutz Sheva)

HEVRON DISPATCH: The Hevron Press Office has learned from sources in New
York that Tuesday evening, Netanyahu, at a meeting with major Jewish
leaders, revealed that he has decided to follow through with the
redeployment in Hevron as signed in the Oslo B Accords, excepting minor
changes. At the meeting, Netanyahu declared that he will pull out of Hevron
in three weeks time, immediately after Succot. The only change he has
suggested from the original Peres-Arafat Accords is the allowance of IDF
patrols in Palestinian-occupied territory, following the withdrawal. He
explained to the group that these patrols will prevent Arab marksmen from
sniping from the hills into the Jewish neighborhoods in the valley. When
asked about the security dangers facing the Jewish residents of Hevron and
the visitors to the city, he replied that there will not be a security
danger and that 'everything will be OK.' The participants left the meeting
shaken and shocked at what they heard. In the words of one of them, "Bibi
has lost touch with the people. He has no idea that there will be a problem
in Hevron after redeployment.' In a related development, Minister Raphael
Eitan said during the program "Conference Call" that if there is an army
withdrawal from Hevron, and if the Jewish Community faces security dangers,
he will resign from the government and withdraw from the coalition. In a
report from another source, Netanyahu indicated the long-delayed Israeli
withdrawal from much of Hevron might not be too difficult to arrange.
Netanyahu says he does not want major changes in the Hevron withdrawal plan
approved by the previous Israeli government. Rather, he told the Jerusalem
Post, he wants some "modifications" which he believes are important. PA
Chairman Arafat, reluctantly agreed last week to discuss such
"modifications" in the Hevron plan, but PA officials say they will not
accept major changes.

In another story, a protest tent began operation Sunday in Menorah park in
Jerusalem, on behalf of Hevron. During the course of the week, various
public figures will take up quarters at the tent, including rabbis and
Likud members, who will appeal to the Prime Minister not to carry out the
withdrawal from Hevron. On Wednesday, the Hevron Jewish Community sent a
telegram to the Government of the United States via the US Embassy in
Tel-Aviv. In the telegram, the Jewish Community asked US President Clinton
to stop pressuring Israel to pull out of Hevron and pointed out that it is
inappropriate for the US to interfere in internal Israeli affairs.

Meanwhile, Ha'Aretz reports Israel has decided to extend the mandate of the
Norwegian observer force in Hevron for another month. The 60 man force came
to Hevron two months ago to supervise the IDF and the Palestinians
regarding the redeployment. This is the second time that the mandate has
been extended. (VOA, IMRA, Arutz Sheva, The Voice in the Field News
Service)

CARAVANS STOPPED: The IDF halted a convoy of ten caravans Wednesday that
were intended to be used for classrooms in the Judean community of Alon
Shvut. The drivers of the caravans, which were on their way from Be'er
Sheva northwards, were halted at an IDF checkpoint near Beit Haggai, as the
drivers did not have the necessary permits. Earlier in the afternoon,
another seven caravans were delayed for three hours outside of Beitar
Illit, but this was more of a technical matter. Moshe Yogev, treasurer of
Amana, the organization responsible for the populating of the Yesha
communities, said, "Apparently the lower echelons have not yet understood
that there is a new government with new policies." Pinchas Wallerstein,
Chairman of the Yesha (Judea, Samaria, and Gaza) Council, said that he
hopes that the caravans will be allowed to pass, but if not, "We have our
own routes to get the caravans to their destination."

Meanwhile, IDF OC Central Command and OC Southern Command leaders signed
orders setting procedures for the authorization of settlement construction
and expansion in the territories, Ha'Aretz reported. Members of Yesha
expressed disappointment with the order, calling it "cumbersome, complex,
at times incomprehensible, and complicating the development of settlements
in Judea and Samaria." In a related story, Ha'Aretz reports a "senior
official" on the Netanyahu plane [a code word frequently used for Netanyahu
himself-ed] told reporters that Israel will coordinate its actions with the
United States and involve America in the fine details of its decisions in
order to insure understanding and prevent damaging surprises - even on
matters in which there is disagreement - like the settlements. (Arutz
Sheva, IMRA)

CHURCH LEADERS CONDEMN GOV'T POLICIES: The patriarchs and heads of
Christian parishes in Jerusalem issued a statement recently, condemning
Israeli policies which they believe impede the piece process. The joint
statement criticized the closure imposed on Jerusalem, denying Christians
and Moslems the right to pray in mosques and churches in the city. The
churches also said they opposed Jewish settlement expansion, saying that
the new Israeli government was being manipulated by a small group of
extremists. Lastly the statement condemned the demolition by Israel of Arab
homes. The churches said that denying Arabs the right to build and then
demolishing their [illegally built] homes was unconscionable behavior. The
church leaders called on parishioners to pray for peace in the region.
(SNS)

ISRAELI-SYRIAN PIECE TALKS: The US will soon forward proposals to Damascus
to restart Israeli-Syrian negotiations. The new proposal, drafted during
Netanyahu's visit last week in the US and currently being finalized with
Jerusalem, states that Israel will take into consideration former
understandings achieved during negotiations with Syria. The term
"recognize" former understandings was not included. The development of the
proposal comes after reports, confirmed by sources, that PM Rabin made a
conditional promise to President Clinton that Israel would withdraw from
the Golan to the June 4, 1967 borders as part of a piece treaty, once
Israel was satisfied with Golan-related security arrangements and
normalization. However, on his return flight from the US, Netanyahu told
reporters "Our position is that the Golan Heights will remain under Israeli
control." US Middle East Coordinator Dennis Ross will visit the region next
week and is scheduled to make calls in Jerusalem, Cairo and the Gaza Strip.
If the proposal to renew negotiations is completed, Ross is also expected
to stop in Syria to present the formula to President Hafez el-Assad.
A-Theora, the Syrian government's official newspaper, stated that Damascus
will not agree to renewing negotiations until Netanyahu accepts all
understandings reached with the previous government.

Meanwhile, the Syrian army has continued with its unusual troop movements
in Lebanon and Syria, and the IDF is closely watching the redeployment
because it is unlike anything it has seen for a long time. Reports from
Lebanon said Syrian troops had pulled out of several positions in and
around Beirut which they have occupied for years. Syria has about 30,000
troops in Lebanon. IDF intelligence analysts do not believe the
redeployment indicates a dramatic change in Syrian assessment or that it is
preparing an attack. According to the London- based newsletter Foreign
Report, Syrian army engineers are also reported to be working "feverishly"
to build combat positions in the demilitarized zone of the Golan Heights,
in contravention of the 1974 disengagement agreement brokered by former US
secretary of state Henry Kissinger following the Yom Kippur War. This is
the first time that Syria has flouted the agreement, and UNDOF, which
monitors the zone, is preparing a report on the activities of the Syrian
engineers for UN Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali and members of the
Security Council. (Israel Line, Arutz Sheva, Virtual Jerusalem, Jerusalem
Post, ZINC)

EGYPT PRACTICES INVASION OF SINAI: Al Ahram reports the largest armed
forces exercise in Egypt's history. The exercise, code named Badr-96,
involves coordinated operations by land, air and naval forces. Badr-96 is
divided into three stages to cover what military sources termed "all
possible theaters of operation." While the first two stages are geared to
test Egypt's ability to respond to invasions from the South and the North,
the third stage practices a massive Egyptian offensive into Sinai. The
invasion into the Sinai by troops from the 2nd and 3rd Armies is termed the
most important of the three stages of the exercise. According to the
report, the exercise is designed to test the ability of Egypt to stage a
massive night time crossing of the Suez Canal under heavy enemy air
attacks. Egypt hopes to learn from the experience how long it would take to
complete the crossing under heavy resistance. After the Egyptian crossing,
a mock battle will be carried out to simulate a head-to-head armored battle
in Sinai against the enemy. The working assumption of the exercise is that
the enemy would enjoy air superiority and might use weapons of mass
destruction. Egypt will also practice using electronic warfare methods
during the exercise to disrupt communications. Western equipment to be used
in the exercise includes: F-16 jet fighters and Mirage 2000, Apache,
Gazelle and M1-8 helicopters, C-130 transports, E2C early warning aircraft,
M-1 A-1 Abrams and M-60 tanks, M-113 armored personnel carriers, Chaparral,
Crotale and TOW missiles and German GPS floating craft. Russian equipment
includes T-54 and t-55 tanks and MiG 21's. The exercise follows last week's
joint naval maneuvers, Morgan-2, staged by Egypt and Saudi Arabia in the
Red Sea. (IMRA)

HUSSEINI AT IT AGAIN: In an appearance on Syrian Television, on the English
language interview program "Focus", PLO Minister of Jerusalem Affairs
Faisal Husseini was asked what the boundaries of Palestine are. In
response, Husseini replied that all Palestinians agree that the "just
boundaries" of Palestine are the Jordan River and the Mediterranean Sea. He
explained that, realistically, whatever can be obtained now should be
accepted and that subsequent events, perhaps in the next fifteen or twenty
years would present an opportunity to realize the just boundaries of
Palestine. Husseini was interviewed in Damascus during his visit there.
(IMRA)

JERUSALEM UPDATE: The three PA-affiliated offices reported to be operating
inside the Jerusalem limits are still operating according to Minister of
National Infrastructure Arik Sharon and an Army Radio investigation. Deputy
Minister of Housing Rabbi Meir Porush, stated that to the best of his
knowledge, the offices remain operational. Rabbi Porush stated that the PLO
Ministry of Religious Affairs continues to operate on the Temple Mount as
do the PLO Offices inside the East Jerusalem Orient House. Minister of
Internal Security Avigdor Kahalani stated that the offices were shut down.
PLO Minister of Jerusalem Affairs Faisal Husseini denies the allegations
that the PA is attempting to deceive Israel. It is being alleged that the
offices reported closed have moved to, and now operate in the
PLO-controlled Orient House in East Jerusalem. Regarding the closing of PLO
offices in Jerusalem, the Prime Minister told Channel 2 Television Sunday
night, "It could be that I was given incorrect information on this matter.
The matter is being looked into again." Shmuel Meir, deputy mayor of
Jerusalem, stated that the offices are in fact operating.

Meanwhile, members of the Knesset Interior Committee toured the Orient
House in Jerusalem Sunday morning. However, three of its members refused to
enter the building after they discovered that the Jerusalem police would
not accompany them into the building. MK Elon told Arutz Sheva that it is
clear that the Orient House has an "ex-territorial" status.

In another story, State Attorney General Michael Ben-Yair has announced he
will be moving ahead with the indictment against Jerusalem Mayor Ehud
Olmert. Olmert is being charged with campaign fraud dating back to the 1988
Municipal Elections. It is alleged that Olmert, who was the Likud Party
Treasurer at the time, gave out fictitious receipts from an advertisement
firm that was set up to launder campaign donations. Ben- Yair has spent
some time investigating the facts and also met with Olmert personally
before reaching his decision to hand down an indictment. (Channel 2 TV
News, SNS)

PA SLUSH FUND UPDATE: The PA has acknowledged that its gas-tax revenues are
being refunded by Israel into a Bank Leumi account operating outside of the
PA Budget [see FYI 9-7-96-ed]. Page three of a document about the PA's
financial situation, signed by the PA Finance Ministry and distributed by
the PA to all donor countries at their meeting in Washington last Thursday
(9-5-96) says: "The PA is also considering integrating the 'petroleum
excise account' at Bank Leumi, as well as the excise tax account in the
"West Bank", into the Ministry of Finance's Budgetary Operations." The
wording clearly suggests that there is a second non-budgeted account in the
"West Bank", but details could not be confirmed. The PA Finance Ministry
report flies in the face of World Bank Officials, who unanimously claimed
last week that the account is actually Arafat's personal money, since the
report plainly states that the money in question is tax revenue transferred
by Israel. (Jerusalem Post/SNS)

POPULATION INCREASE DROPS: On the eve of 5757, Israel's population stands
at some 5,716,000, the Central Bureau of Statistics said Wednesday. Some
4,620,000 residents (80.8%) are Jewish, with 835,000 (14.6%) Moslems,
166,000 (2.9%) Christians, and 95,000 (1.7%) Druse. The population
increased by 141,000 over the last 12- months, or 2.5%, a drop from 2.6%
last year. The percentage of new immigrants among the yearly increase
dropped to 40% from 42%. 70,500 new immigrants arrived in Israel during the
past Jewish year of 5756. Some 58,000 of them are from the CIS (the former
Soviet Union). A spokesman for the Ministry of Interior said that since the
beginning of the present wave of immigration in September 1988, a total of
746,500 new olim have arrived in the country, including more than 640,000
from the CIS. (Jerusalem Post/SNS, Arutz Sheva)

THE TERROR CONTINUES: Yediot Achronot reports the PA Secret Police have
apprehended a Gaza youth who was sold by his father to Hamas to carry out a
suicide attack against Israel. The boy's father received money to feed his
family in exchange for his son. The incident was reported to PM Netanyahu
by Yassir Arafat at their meeting at the Erez Checkpoint last week. Arafat
explained that if the closure on Gaza continues, the poverty and
unemployment will only rise, leading to increased tensions.

Meanwhile, the Hamas terrorist organization has called upon Arab residents
of Judea, Samaria and Gaza to renew the "People's Army" and the struggle,
including attacks against Israeli targets. This to prevent the "continued
expansion of Jewish settlements."

In another story, Arab factions have begun talking to each other in
preparation for a comprehensive national dialogue. The PFLP (Popular Front
for the Liberation of Palestine), DFLP (Democratic Front for the Liberation
of Palestine) and the Fatah Movement (Arafat's terrorist wing within the
PLO, inside Israel and abroad) are engaging in talks aimed at reaching a
common, unified stand to face the challenges of the future. The DFLP and
PFLP are looking for a general review of the PLO negotiating process since
the Madrid conference as well as the restructuring of all PLO institutions.
They are asking for all Arab factions to be included in the national
dialogue. Fatah has also called for immediate dialogue with all factions.

Ha'Aretz reports there has recently been an increase in rock throwing
incidents against IDF soldiers. Military sources attribute the increase in
tension in the territories to the delays in the redeployment in Hevron.
(SNS)

DAYLIGHTS SAVINGS TIME ENDS: Daylight Saving Time in Israel will end at
midnight (21:00 GMT) between Sunday and Monday. At that time, clocks will
be turned back one hour. (Jerusalem Post)

ON THE NORTHERN FRONT: According to an Associated Press report, Israeli
forces launched air and ground attacks Friday to thwart guerrilla
infiltration in southern Lebanon, killing at least one rebel. Lebanese
security sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said US-built Apache
helicopter gunships strafed suspected Hizb'Allah guerrilla trails on the
edge of the Israeli-occupied Security Zone in southern Lebanon. The Israeli
military command said one Hizb'Allah terrorist was killed and possibly
another one wounded in an encounter with Israeli forces on the edge of the
enclave. The command said there were no Israeli casualties. Meanwhile,
Hizb'Allah's leader said Friday that his party would carry out suicide
attacks if Israel launched any military action against Lebanon or Syria.
(Washington Post)

SEDITION CONVICTION: A resident of a community in the Southern Hevron Hills
area, David Blackson, was sentenced to 21-days in jail, after being found
guilty of sedition, according to a report by Ma'ariv. Blackson was charged
after being interviewed by foreign press. He was quoted as saying, "I hope
that the nation of Israel will fight against the Satan Islam and the Arab
hold over Israel." (SNS)

UN COMMITMENT TO PALESTINIAN STATEHOOD: The Bureau of the Committee on the
Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People has expressed
its satisfaction at the resumption of the Israeli- Palestinian peace
negotiations. In a statement, the Bureau welcomed the meeting between,
Yasser Arafat and PM Netanyahu, as an important step towards the full
implementation of the agreements already reached between the two sides.
"The Bureau reiterates the Committee's strong support for the current peace
process, and its determination to spare no effort in promoting the
inalienable rights of the Palestinian people, including the right to
self-determination and statehood," the statement said. (UN Daily
Highlights)

Send comments to Lee Underwood at: mbi@digital.net Archives located at:
http://www.inet-images.com/fellowship/fyi.htm Note: The word "peace" is not
misspelled in this document. When used in conjunction with the Middle East
process, it is correctly spelled "piece"-ed.

==============================================================
Lee Underwood	mbi@digital.net
"For Zion's sake I will not keep silent, and for Jerusalem's sake I will
not keep quiet" Isaiah 62:1
==============================================================

+++++++++++++

Smart Card Update

I wanted to show you all this article and the www site address to a very
interesting site. This is for the MARC card ID card the Military is going
to. This will hold all your records and act as a cash card as well at the
PX, DX Military Stores, etc. I thought that the name was pretty interesting
myself... doesnt Rev 13:16-18 say somthing about a marc?  --Ray PZ --

From: http://asc.dtic.dla.mil/c3i/marcard.html

Department of Defense

MULTI-TECHNOLOGY AUTOMATED READER CARD (MARC)

What is MARC?

The Multi-Technology Automated Reader Card (MARC) is an individually
carried smart card that has several media: a standard 3 of 9 bar code,
magnetic stripe, embossed data, printed information (including a digital
photograph), and an Integrated Circuit (IC) computer chip. The combination
of several media on one credit card-sized device gives the MARC its
versatility: it can interface with a variety of technologies and systems,
from rudimentary imprinting machines to computer systems that use IC chips
as data carriers.

Note: Click for sample picture (front and back).

MARC and Global Personnel Decision Support

The objective of Global Command and Control System (GCCS) is to give
warriors real time decision support information. The goal of the MARC
program is to develop a prototype that improves commanders' ability to
access the information they need when they need it. MARC will accomplish
this by serving as the key to a family of databases related to personnel
control. As a result MARC will enable warfighters to improve personnel
asset management by: enhancing warriors' ability to access GCCS at all
levels: giving efficiencies of decentralized
data manipulation without reliance on global connectivity; giving
functional process owners, including the individual, control of data
processing; eliminating manual data entry.

MARC Prototype

DoD plans to evaluate the MARC as a prototype system in several functional
areas related to personnel control:

       Field Medical Documentation. The field medical evaluation will
assess the ability of the MARC IC chip to record, revise, and transfer
medical treatment data across echelons of care in the field for both mass
casualty and field outpatient treatment.  Mobility/Readiness Processing.
The evaluation will assess the use of MARC IC chip to store the up-to-date
readiness information such as personal, legal, medical and other data that
the soldier must have current prior to deployment.

       Manifesting. This evaluation will use the MARC IC chip and bar code
to create real-time manifest records of military personnel as they board
and disembark from aircraft or ships.

       Accountability. This evaluation will use the MARC IC chip and bar
code to create real-time accountability reports for military personnel in
the field or garrison, allowing commanders to track personnel location and
status.

       Food Service Head Count. This evaluation uses the MARC magnetic
stripe to replace the current paper meal card. Automated collection and
reporting of meal headcount data and the ability for the diner to pay by
payroll deduction are supported.

       CHCS Patient Reception. The evaluation will assess the ability of
the MARC bar code to automate and improve the accuracy of patient admission
processes within Military Treatment Facilities (MTF).

Many potential future applications have been identified for use of the
MARC. These include use of the MARC for providing In-Transit Visibility of
patients through TRANSCOM Regulating and Command and Control Evacuation
System (TRAC2ES); personal equipment accountability; various peacetime
medical functions including wellness, patient administration, and
credentialing; access control; Women's, Infant's, and Children's (WIC)
benefits; and many more.

Additional information is available on the MARC Prototype Project and Technical
Specifications.

DoD/VA Sharing Opportunities with MARC.

MARC presents an opportunity to take a comprehensive look at sharing
medical data between VA and DoD. By acting as a portable data storage
device for shared information, and as a key to information systems such as
CHCS and DHCP in both departments, MARC could:

Enhance VA/DoD interoperability and coordination,
Foster more effective resource utilization,
Enable the seamless transition of DoD patients to VA medical care in peace
and in war.

MARC Points-of-Contact

For more information about MARC, please contact one of the following
individuals:

       Mr. Michael Noll , OASD (C3I)

       Room 1C255 Pentagon, Washington, DC 20301; Phone:(703) 614-l996/2196 ;
       Fax:(703) 614-6943 ; E-mail: Mike.Noll@osd.mil

       LTC Romano , PM MARC

       Phone:(317) 542-3811; DSN: 699-3811; Fax:(317) 542-3804

       MAJ Corey Kirschner, Joint Staff (J-4 (MRD))

       Phone:(703) 697-4421; DSN: 227-4421; Fax:(703) 697-0510; E-mail:
       ckirschn@mhl.js.mil

       Mr. Tom Gregg, 3-G International, Inc.

       Phone:(703) 824-4968; Fax:(703) 824-5230 ; E-mail: tom_gregg@sra.com


+++++++++++++++

FYI:  Clinton addresses the UN
By: Paula Demmers
Rdy4Battle@aol.com

The UN's general session opens 17, September.  Clinton is scheduled to
address the General Assembly on Monday, 23, September.

I wonder what he is going to talk about.  Anyone who finds out, let us
know, OK? --Paula--

+++++++++++

 REPORT FROM DESPATCH MAGAZINE
From: Wendy Beuster
<despatch@closer.brisnet.org.au>

Dear Fellow Believers

NEW...UPDATED... REPORT FROM DESPATCH MAGAZINE - 9th.  September,  1996.

MORE INFORMATION ON GUNS, US TROOPS.

JOHN HOWARD, PRIME MINISTER, ON THE TODAY SHOW: John Howard, the Prime
Minister, Liberal, commented to Steve Leibman on the Today Show that all
semi-automatic weapons would be totally outlawed, even 22 calibre rifles.

The Australian newspaper said there would be a six month only amnesty, with
a new tax levy to fund the buy back of guns. Heavy fines and even jail
terms would be given to any person who failed to hand in their weapons.
Howard wants a mandatory sentence for possessing a weapon. You
will not have to commit a crime to go to jail, just keep a weapon. Said the
Australian: "if you think shot guns are not next, then all bolt action 22's
- you delude yourself. This is the start of the total ban the Federal
Government passed into law a few years ago."

THE LEGISLATION STATES:
"The importation of all firearms, except those listed below - pistols,
rifles, shotguns, tear gas launchers and specialist equipment that are to
be used by defense and law enforcement...."
This would mean total disarmament forever!

In the Adelaide Advertiser of August 9,1996, there was an estimate given of
50,000 military firearms that would disappear in SA(South Australia) alone
because the Federal Government will not even pay any compensation to the
owners of firearms that are unregistered.

This interesting piece of news appeared in South East Christian Witness:
"...it is almost impossible at present to purchase large diameter
irrigation style poly pipe in the South East. Virtually every stockist of
this, and similiar type pipe, has sold out. It does not take a college
education to realise where it has gone. It is underground! But I would
hazard a guess the pipes are not filled with water!"

All states, it appears at this stage, will pay compensation to gun owners,
except SA. The police minister there has said that they are "not prepared
to pay people to break the law. They should hand in those firearms now
without compensation. They are breaking the law." Police, the gun lobby and
politicians have condemned the move.

It is feared that not compensating gun owners might lead to an illegal
trade in firearms, with SA (South Aust.) owners wanting money and selling
unregistered weapons in blackmarket deals.

After four months in the amnesty, owners who still retained their guns will
face fines of up to $20,000, or a four year jail term. Victoria, Western
Australia, the Northern Territory and South Australia have registration
which requires all newly banned weapons to be registered.
The first three states will offer compensation to those who own
unregistered guns, they will not be prosecuted for handing in those guns,
if they have not been used in a crime or have been stolen. The Victorian
Government, Herald-Sun, Sunday August 11, 1996, said that the Victorian
Government will have vans  which will be used as mobile units to collect
surrendered guns. The vans will have power saws  to cut the weapons up, and
the vices to crush them. The owners will get a government cheque on the
spot.

THE USA TROOPS HERE:
It is reported [by soldiers] that 30,000 marines are in Perth.(but we had
heard via news services, these marines are coming and going, not stationed
here.)  7,000 are also in other parts of Australia. People have reported
them as being in Victoria, Queensland - as far north as Townsville.

"The top-secret spy satellite base at Pine Gap will be upgraded as part of
proposals to strengthen the US-Australia alliance.

For the first time, the US will be sending what one diplomat described as a
trifecta of top officials for the meeting: Secretary of State Warren
Christopher, Defense Secretary William Perry and Joint chiefs of Staff
chairman General John Shalikashvilli." SECW, August, 1996. [note here the
Despatch Vol.8:3 report of Downer & Fishers meeting with Christopher in
the US, during the height of the Gun debate.]

A FEW DISTURBING DEVELOPMENTS:

The disarming of the population is occurring  here in conjunction with the
basing of US peacekeeping troops, who could be used if massive unrest
happens and law and order breaks down. It appears to us that there may be
things about to go on which we will not like, and so it
appears we are having our weapons removed so that we can be made to submit.

In Brisbane, September 6th 1996, Dr, Norman Myers [from the UK] spoke in
our Town Hall. He said he was on his way to speak to the Federal Government
re. the `population explosion, and the need to protect the environment.
Myers advocates the issuing of licenses to have children, he is part of the
plan to reduce the population of the globe from 6 billion to 2 billion!
Myers composed the environmental side of  `Gaia Atlas of Future
Worlds[which is in all our Australian Schools], he is an advisor to the
World Bank, the World Resources Institute and various UN agencies. The
International Peace Research Association [IPRA] met in Brisbane recently,
Nobel prize Laureates were there, Gen. Sec, of UNESCO also. All these
matters may be unrelated, but one wonders?

Wendy B. Howard...Editor of Despatch...

--
   ><{{{@>   ><{{{@>   ><{{{@>   ><{{{@>   ><{{{@>   ><{{{@>

W.B. Howard...Director & Editor of Despatch Magazine
Endtime Ministries/Christian Resource Center [pub.Q'rtly.Despatch mag.],
        which exposes the Infiltration of the N.A.N.W.O.
                in our Churches and Society in General.
=============================================================
Visit our Aussie site: http://www.closer.brisnet.org.au/~despatch/
=============================================================
        Jesus said: " I am the way, the truth and the life;
        no man cometh unto the father but by me." Jn.14:6

<@}}}><   <@}}}><   <@}}}><   <@}}}><   <@}}}><   <@}}}><

++++++++++++

Isreal in the News
As Reported By: Arutz Sheva News Service

 REQUEST TO ORDER CITY TO STOP TEMPLE MOUNT CONSTRUCTION
The Temple Mount Loyalists organization have appealed to the Supreme Court
to order the Jerusalem Municipality, the Attorney General, and the
Jerusalem Police to enforce the order that forbids construction on the
Temple Mount. The authorities had earlier decided not to interfere with the
Waqf construction currently being carried out on the Mount for fear of
"instigating unrest."

 RABIN PROMISED TO GIVE OVER ENTIRE GOLAN
The late Prime Minister Rabin promised the Syrians that Israel would
withdraw from the entire Golan, in exchange for all of the security
precautions requested by Israel. This was revealed by the daily newspaper
Yediot Acharonot, which published today a chapter from a new book by
journalist Orli Azulai-Katz about the defeat of the Labor party in the
recent elections. In her book, entitled "The Man who Didn't Know how to
Win," Azulai-Katz claims that Shimon Peres found out about the concession
only hours before Rabin's funeral. President Clinton, upon arriving in
Israel for the funeral, asked Peres if he was planning to stand by Rabin's
commitment; Peres immediately called in senior Defense Ministry officials
to find out what had transpired on the Syrian track. In a related item, MK
Yosi Beilin (Labor) claimed today that Syria is not interested in peace
with Israel. Beilin said that if Syria had been interested in peace in
exchange for the Golan, a peace agreement would have been signed long ago.

+++++++++++++++++

Judge Redefines Roles of Parents
Paula Demmers
Rdy4Battle@aol.com

Isn't this just great?  No responsability for our children when we drop
them off at school.  Even without the UN "Treaty of the Rights of the
Child", they took control.  Excuse my language, but who the HELL do they
think they are? --Paula--

JUDGE REDEFINES ROLE OF PARENTS: (American Family Association Journal,
September 1996, page 9)  It's official.  Public schools are now the parents
for our children, at least according to a federal  judge.  Federal district
Judge Melinda Harmon made that determination in a Texas case where a child
was questioned by Children's Protective Services (CPS) officials without
his parents' knowledge.  During that interrogation, the boy was forces to
strip so a female CPS Worker could check for signs of the paddling the
boy's parents allegedly administered.  When the youth's family found out
about the case, they immediately filed suit against the school district.
In finding for the school district, Judge Harmon ruled that "parents give
up their rights when they drop the children off at public school."

****************

Our Statement of Faith Here at Prophe-Zine

THE PURPOSE of Prophe-Zine is to carry out the command of the Lord Christ
Jesus, recorded in

 Matthew 28:19:
                          "Therefore go and make disciples of all nations"

Prophe-Zine is a Christian publication grounded in the deity of Christ and
the inerrancy of Scripture.  The major intent of the editors is first, the
giving out the message of the Gospel, "For what I received I passed on to
you as of first importance: that Christ died for our sins according to the
Scriptures, that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day
according to the Scriptures," 1 Cor. 15:3-4.

The Editor of Prophe-Zine holds to a strictly literal and inerrant Bible
interpretation, salvation through Christ alone, a soon pre-tribulation
Rapture of all believers and the establishment of a thousand-year kingdom
on earth. The evangelism of the unbelievers and the exhortation of the
believers take precedence over all other activities of this ministry.

Prophe-Zine may not agree with some of the authors and their beliefs, but
Prophe-Zine believes that we must endeavor to keep the unity of the spirit
(In other words agree to disagree), so Prophe-Zine feels that it must give
equal time to other biblically based doctrines in all fairness.

Eph 4:3 Endeavoring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.

In His service,

Ray Gano




