Prophe-Zine, Issue # 18
May 1, 1996

Credits..........

	Statement of Faith.........

			& Other stuff.........

Raymond Gano..........Welcome to Issue # 18
Alan Yusko .......Sound Doctrine: Foundation Of Biblical Christianity
David M. Williams ........The Millennium and the Early Church
Jack Van Impe ......The Resurrection And The Rapture Of The Church
Paula Dremers ........America's  Holocaust
Tim West  .......... This World Is Not Our Home
Berit Kjos ......Serving a Greater Whole ...Book Preview


Special Thanks to: Berit Kjos and Grant Jeffrey, who both have allowed me
to use their articles for Prophe-Zine. I am honored to present their works
and having them join the Prophe-Zine family. Both of these people love the
Lord greatly and I fully support their ministries . If you have not read
any books from one of these VERY fine authors, you are missing out. I have
just finished Grant's book "Final Warning" a few weeks ago and I could not
put it down. I am reading Berit's new book "Brave New Schools" right now
and boy are my eyes being opened! Again I want to thank both of them for
joining PZ.

Publication Cycle Notice: Prophe-Zine will be published (up loaded), on the
1st and the15th of each month. (bi-weelkly)

Prophe-Zine is freely distributed to the major on-line services, BBSs, and
to the Internet. You can also get back issues at Prophe-Zine's web site.
Address: http://www.best.com/~ray673/pzhome.html

The Editor of Prophe-Zine can be reached by sending e-mail to:
ray673@best.com. Please write the Editor if you are interested in receiving
guidelines for submission to Prophe-Zine

Statement of Faith

THE PURPOSE of Prophe-Zine is to carry out the command of the Lord Christ
Jesus, recorded in Matthew 28:19:
                  "Therefore go and make disciples of all nations"

Prophe-Zine is a Christian publication grounded in the deity of Christ and
the inerrancy of Scripture.  The major intent of the editors is first, the
giving out the message of the Gospel, "For what I received I passed on to
you as of first importance: that Christ died for our sins according to the
Scriptures, that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day
according to the Scriptures," 1 Cor. 15:3-4.

The Editor of Prophe-Zine holds to a strictly literal and inerrant Bible
interpretation, salvation through Christ alone, a soon pre-tribulation
Rapture of all believers and the establishment of a thousand-year kingdom
on earth. The evangelism of the unbelievers and the exhortation of the
believers take precedence over all other activities of this ministry.

Prophe-Zine may not agree with some of the authors and their beliefs, but
Prophe-Zine believes that we must endeavor to keep the unity of the spirit
(In other words agree to disagree), so Prophe-Zine feels that it must give
equal time to other biblically based doctrines in all fairness.

Eph 4:3 Endeavoring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.

The Legal Stuff About Prophe-Zine
Prophe-Zine
Copyright © 1996 Raymond B Gano
All rights reserved.

Please ask for permission before reproducing or reprinting specific
articles and/or graphics, since some of the individual works appearing in
Prophe-Zine are copyrighted works belonging to their respective authors or
artists and are used here with their permission.

Prophe-Zine may be freely distributed under the following conditions:
It may not be included in a software package without prior consent from the
author. It may not be distributed or reproduced for commercial purposes.

Prophe-Zine's editor uses a Quadra 840 AV Macintosh computer. Programs
include: MacWrite, , Color-It, JPEGview, OnLine Bible KJV 2.1.

The Editor  is currently looking for submissions, artists, writers,
fiction, reviews, columnists and other help for Prophe-Zine articles. If
interested, please write the Editor to receive a guideline for submissions.


Feedback and suggestions from the Prophe-Zine readers are ALWAYS WELCOME!
Don't just tell me that you actually liked reading Prophe-Zine, tell me
what YOU would like to see in future issues!

*****************************
Welcome to Issue # 18

Hello everyone,

I want to thank you for taking the time to download and read Prophe-Zine.
Prophe-Zine has really been blessed this month and is growing.

I  would like to announce a new member to the PZ staff, Edward Stodghill.
Ed has offered to help me get PZ out to those people when can not receive
MIME formats and to offer people tech help. He is taking PZ and converting
it to UU, BIN HEX, ect so that we can get PZ out to even more readers. So
if you would like to receive Prophe-Zine in another format other than MIME,
drop Ed a note and ask to be added to his list. Here is Ed's email address
estodgh@cp.uswc.uswest.com.

Well I have to say that here in CA the weather is turning nice and no more
rain at the moment. So my mood has been really up. It has also been up
because 2 more authors  have joined the PZ family. Grant Jeffrey and Berit
Kjos. Both of these authors are tops in their fields. In fact it was one of
Grant's books that a friend told me about which turned me around and got me
back on the right road. Grant gave me a GREAT article for the next issue of
PZ to use as well, so be on the lookout for that in the May 15th issue.  As
for Berit, I just had the great privilege to meet her 4/25/96 at a meeting
for "Parents Involved in Education" P.I.E. Berit is also a successful
author in the field of New Age and the Education system and how our schools
are being changed to teach  "global citizenship" I am reading her newest
book and it is ausome!! We had a wonderful time of fellowship and she has
given me some very EYE OPENING articles to use for PZ.  I also found out
that Berit and I are neighbors, so if you live in the bay area, I will be
trying to put on seminars with Berit and others in the future

For those parents interested in PIE, PIE is a parent group headed up by a
woman named Carolyn Steinke. PIE keeps parents up on what is going on in
the school system here in the US. They are a great group to get involved in
if you are a parent who has kids in the schools, public, private and
homeschool.

If you would like more information on Parents Involved in Education you can
contact them at their Northern CA address at:

PIE
1224 Broadway, Ste# 101
Burlingame, CA  94010
415-342-2066....PH#
415-342-8602...FAX#

The Northern California State Coordinator's name is April Stewart and is
VERY helpful and can be contacted at the PH# above She can help you find
your PIE rep in your area and answer any questions regarding your kids
schools. IF she can't, she knows someone who can. She is  great resource
for parents!!!!

So till next time, remeber to tell everyone you know about Prophe-Zine and
keep those news bites and articles coming.

In His service,
Ray
PZ

***************************

Sound Doctrine: Foundation Of Biblical Christianity
by Alan Yusko <rapture@interlog.com>

This article looks at three major, foundational doctrines of Biblical
Christianity.  Why is this important?  Well we are living in the days when
sound doctrine is not important to people.  Many are  forsaking sound
teaching and Biblical doctrine.  Unity is encouraged at the expense of
doctrine.  In fact some spiritually and doctrinally  appraised people think
it is unloving to stand up for sound Biblical  doctrine!  At all sides
there are many that deny the Bible, deny the Trinity, deny salvation by
faith alone, deny that the Lord Jesus is the only way to be saved, deny the
doctrine of hell, deny the virgin birth of the Lord Jesus Christ, and deny
many other fundamental doctrines in Scriptures.

What does the Bible say about sound Biblical doctrine in  the last days?
Will people be lovers of the truth?  Will people seek out and embrace sound
teaching?  Here is what God says:

2 Timothy   4:2-4
  2  Preach the word; be instant in season, out of season;reprove, rebuke,
exhort with all
      longsuffering and doctrine.
  3  For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine; but
after their own lusts
      shall they heap to themselves teachers, having itching ears;
  4  And they shall turn away [their] ears from the truth, and shall be turned unto fables.

Notice verse 3 above.  People will not endure sound doctrine but instead
will be more interested in fables that tickle the ears. What doctrines am I
talking about.  This tract will cover three doctrines: the Lord Jesus is
the only way to be saved, the Trinity, and salvation by faith apart from
works.  These doctrines have such importance that if a person or group
denies any of them then they  are preaching a soul-damning heresy.  Lets
begin by looking at  three Biblical doctrines:

1) The first foundational doctrine is the fact that the Lord Jesus  is the
ONLY way to heaven!  There is no other way for a person to  be saved and go
to heaven outside faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. If a person trusts in
anything other than the Lord Jesus Christ he  will perish and spend
eternity separated from God in hell.  This  means that Mohammad cannot
save, Buddah cannot save, church cannot save, Mary/priests/popes cannot
save, or any other so called saviour  or 'religious system'.  Salvation is
ONLY through the Lord Jesus  Christ.  Below are a couple of verses that
state very clearly that  the Lord Jesus is the Only way to be saved.

 John  14:6
  6  Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life no man
cometh unto the Father,
      but by me.

 Acts   4:12
  12  Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name
under heaven given
        among men, whereby we must be saved.

2) The second foundational doctrine is the Trinity.  Although the word
'Trinity' is not found in the Bible the doctrine and concept certainly is.
The doctrine of the Trinity states that within the  ONE God there exists
three Divine Persons: God the Father, God the  Son, and God the Holy
Spirit.  These three Divine Persons are the  ONE God.  The following
example shows the Trinity in the  Resurrection of the Lord Jesus Christ.

        (A) The Father raised the Lord Jesus

 "Unto you first God, having raised up his Son Jesus, senthim to bless you,
in turning away every one of you from his iniquities" (Acts 3:26).

 "And to wait for his Son from heaven, whom he raised from the dead, even
Jesus which delivered us from the wrath to come" (1 Thess 1:10).

        (B)  The Lord Jesus raised Himself

 "Jesus answered and said unto them, Destroy this temple, and in three days
I will raise it up....But he spake of the temple of his body" (John
2:19,21).

        (C)  The Holy Spirit raised the Lord Jesus

 "But if the Spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you,
he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal
bodies by his Spirit that dwelleth in you"
(Romans 8:11).

 The previous verses show that the Father raised the Lord Jesus, the Lord
Jesus raised Himself, and the Holy Spirit raised the Lord Jesus.  The
Trinity is shown in the resurrection.

 This final verse shows that it was God Almighty who raised the Lord Jesus:
"Because he hath appointed a day, in the which he will judge the world in
righteousness by that man whom he hath ordained; whereof he hath given
assurance unto all men, in that he hath raised him from the dead" (Acts
17:31).

3) The third foundational Biblical doctrine we will look at is  salvation
by faith apart from works.  What role does works have in Biblical
salvation?  Does a person have to earn or merit  salvation by performing
good works?  Or does the Bible state that salvation was completed by the
work of the Lord Jesus on the Cross and there is nothing a lost sinner can
do to add to or subtract from His finished sacrifice?

   Ephesians   2:8-10
  8  For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves:
[it is] the gift of God:
  9  Not of works, lest any man should boast.
  10  For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works,
which God hath
       before ordained that we should walk in them.

  Lets have a look at the above verses.  Notice verses 8 & 9  clearly state
that salvation is not of ourselves... salvation is  NOT by works.  This
means a lost sinner cannot earn or merit  salvation.  As a result (verse 9)
no one can boast that they 'earned' salvation by doing good works.  Rather
salvation is  received by faith and trust in the Lord Jesus Christ.  Verse
8  also states that salvation is a 'gift' of God. Here is a question?   If
a person has to work to earn a 'gift' then is the 'gift' really  a gift?
Would the word 'wage' be a better word than 'gift'?  You  see a gift is
freely received apart from works.  On the other hand  a wage is earned by
performing some kind of work.  Since verse 9  clearly states that salvation
is NOT by works and verse 8 states  that salvation is a 'gift' then we can
easily see that salvation  is a gift that is to be freely received.  In
fact salvation cannot be earned or merited in any way.

  All this leads to another question.  If good works do not save then what
role do works play in the saved persons life?  Look above at verse 10.
Notice that AFTER salvation God has a job (good works) for that person to
do.  The good works do not save but are a natural offspring of saving
faith.  In fact if a person does not have good works AFTER salvation then
questions can be raised about the  salvation of that person.  Was that
person really saved in the first place???  Good works clearly do not save
but good works ALWAYS  follow true saving faith.  It is as natural as an
apple tree  producing apples.

CONCLUSION

  In this tract we have covered three basic doctrines that cults, false
teachers, and deceivers seek to pervert to the end result of  leading many
to a Christless eternity.  I would encourage people to stand up for the
truth in these closing days of human history before the return of the Lord
Jesus Christ.  Deception and false teaching will abound.  Watch and be
warned of any teacher or group that denies any one of the three doctrines
presented in  this tract.  They are false teachers and deceivers who are
presenting another gospel than that which is found in the Bible.

   Galatians   1
  6. I marvel that ye are so soon removed from him that called you into the
grace of Christ unto
     another gospel:
  7  Which is not another; but there be some that trouble you, and would
pervert the gospel of
      Christ.
  8  But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto
you than that which
     we have preached unto you, let him be accursed.
  9  As we said before, so say I now again, If any [man] preach  any other
gospel unto you than
      that ye have received, let him be accursed.

 *******************************
The Millennium and the Early Church
David M. Williams David.Williams@frey.newcastle.edu.au

The area of eschatology pertaining to the  millennium is fraught with
hermeneutical
disarray.  There exist those who assert that the  period of a thousand
years (the millennium)  referred to in the Book of Revelation on several
occasions (chapter 20, verses 3, 4, 5, 7) is not  literal.  Rather, it is
believed to have a  "spiritualised" or allegorical meaning.  This is  known
as amillennialism, the prefix "a"  meaning "not", just as an "atheist" is
not a  "theist" (one who believes in God) and an  "agnostic" claims to have
"no knowledge"  ("gnosis" being the Greek word for knowledge).

Another view of the millennium is post- millennialism; that is, the
millennium occurs  before the seven year Tribulation period takes  place.
This contradicts the chronological  ordering of Revelation however, which
details  the Tribulation (chapters 4-19), the return of  Christ (chapter
19) and then the millennial reign  (chapter 20).  Following is the
consummation  of all things and the new heaven and new earth (chapters
21-22).

It is well known among scholars and historians  that the faith of the early
Church was chiliasm -  based on the Greek word in Revelation 20:3  denoting
the number 1,000.  Chiliasm was an
ill-defined pre-millennial outlook which  anticipated the return of Christ,
and His reign  for a literal thousand years before the final judgment.

Irenaeus, for example, a disciple of Polycarp  the martyr, who in turn was instructed by the
Apostles and had familiar communications with many who had seen the risen
Christ, wrote of a  literal millennial period.  In book five of  Adversus
Haereses (Against Heresies) Irenaeus  provides an apologetic (defense) for
the  millennium and the future restoration of Israel
which he insists may not be allegorised away  (35:1-35).  After the
millennium, Irenaeus  foresees God's final judgment and retribution in
terms of chapters 20 and 21 of the Book of  Revelation.

Hippolytus, the Greek speaking bishop of a  Church in Rome, who died as a
martyr around  235 is well known for his eschatological  writings.  In De
Christo et Antichristo (The  Christ and Antichrist) Hippolytus writes of
the  Antichrist and the Tribulation period.  In his  Commentary on Daniel,
the oldest extant  scriptural commentary available today,  Hippolytus
details his millennial hope and the  relationship of Revelation to Daniel,
with their  apocalyptic descriptions of the end times.  It is  important to
realise that the common criticism  of pre-millennial thought as a recent
invention  is simply untrue - rather it is the oldest of all  Christian
eschatological belief.

Unfortunately some were inclined to dwell  fondly on their millennial hopes
in a crassly  materialistic manner, such as Papias whose  fourth book
details a vivid description of the  millennial kingdom, in which the
fruitfulness of  the earth will be increased to staggering  proportions for
the sake of the risen saints.   About the year 100 A.D., Cerinthus, an
early  Gnostic leader, wrote of the luxury and sensual  delights he
expected the millennium to hold.

In the fourth century, the great Christian  thinker Augustine of Hippo, who
has  influenced all Latin theology, rejected the literal  notions behind
chiliasm, based on his  disagreement with the materialistic notions  which
had come to be associated with it.   Although Augustine originally held to
chiliasm  and still acknowledged it as a tenable view, he  described what
he found to be more preferable in chapter 20 of De Civ Dei (The City of
God)  written in 425 A.D.  Augustine had fashioned a  view where in
contrast to chiliasm, the present  age itself was the millennium.  He
perceived the  kingdom of God as already manifest in the  Church and
proclaimed that the age between  Pentecost and the return of Christ was the
very  millennium itself, marked by the ever increasing  influence of the
Church in overturning evil in  the world before Christ's return.  One can
readily understand how this view might have  arisen, given the dramatic
change in the affairs of the Church after Constantine's Edict of
Toleration early in the fourth century.  In fact, later Latin theology had
a widespread tendency to identify the Kingdom of God, at least in its first
stage of existence, with the institutional Catholic Church.

After the year 1,000 A.D. the thought of a literal thousand year period
faded; Augustine's post-millennialist construction became instead
amillennialism, the Biblical "thousand years" being merely figurative.
Indeed, during the Middle Ages the thought of a literal millennium was
generally regarded as heretical.  Amillennialism is still taught in schools
of thought such as that represented by Westminster Theological Seminary.

The post-millennial position was refined and further developed by Daniel
Whitby in
relatively recent times.  Nevertheless, this can not be held with any
serious thought due to the succession of wars and other calamaties being
experienced - the kingdom of God cannot be brought about by human effort.
Those who still hold to post-millennialism tend to be groups such as
Preterists who hold that the Book of Revelation relates to events
surrounding the Emperor Nero, despite the wealth of internal and external
evidence to the contrary (such as the date of writing).

Pre-millennial thought was revived after being meticulously delineated by
Baptist lay preacher
William Miller (of later Seventh-Day Adventist fame) in the early and
mid-1800's.  His views fell into disrepute after two failed attempts to set
a date for the return of Christ.

The next rebirth occurred with John Nelson Darby (of Plymouth Brethren
distinction) in the late 1850's in the form of dispensational
pre-millennialism - the notion that God interacts with humanity in a series
of epochs or dispensations.  Darby wove these diverse strands into a tight
cohesive system which he buttressed at every point by copious Biblical
proof texts, then tirelessly promoted through his writing and preaching.

Cyrus Scofield popularised this system of belief with the publication of
his reference Bible and catapulted it into the Protestant mainstream.

It is important to note that dispensationalism and pre-millennialism are
not synonymous,
although dispensationalism is pre-millennial (but one may be pre-millennial
without being a dispensationalist).  Dispensationalism is taught by such
schools of thought as represented by Dallas Theological Seminary (Charles
Ryrie being a well-known member of staff).

The essential reasons for holding to a literal millennium is that it
represents the faith of the
early Church, the teaching handed down by the Apostles, and that it
provides an understanding
of Revelation 20 which is harmonious with other Biblical passages, and
which is obtained from a consistent and literal rendering of the
Scriptures.  Those who choose to deny a literal millennium must provide
strong reasoning for their decision.  It is not a belief which can be
derived from Scripture, but rather one which must be learned outside of it.

RECCOMENDED READING

Berkhof, L. 1975. The History of Christian
Doctrines, Baker Book House, Michigan.

Bromiley, G. 1978. Historical Theology, T & T
Clark, Ltd., Edinburgh.

Cairns, E. 1981. Christianity Through the
Centuries, Acadamie Books, Michigan.

Cho, P. Y. 1991. Revelation, Word Books,
Milton Keynes.

Curtis, G. 1994. Until the End of Time,
Thomas Nelson Publishers, Nashville.

Daley, B. 1991. The Hope of the Early
Church: A Handbook of Patristic Eschatology,
Cambridge University Press, Cambridge.

Goswiller, R. n.d. Revelation, Pacific Study
Series, Melbourne.

Horton, S. M. 1994. `The Last Things', in
Systematic Theology, ed. S. M. Horton, Logion
Press, Springfield.

Jensen, I. L. 1981. Jensen's Survey of the New
Testament, Moody Press, Chicago.

Mickelsen, A. B. 1963. Interpreting the Bible,
Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing Company,
Michigan.

Walvoord, J. 1978. The Rapture Question,
Zondervan, Michigan.

Willmington. n.d. Willmington's Guide to the
Bible, Pacific College Study Series, Melbourne.

Wilson, C. n.d. The Book of Revelation, Pacific
College Study Series, Melbourne.

Zoba, W. 1995, `Future Tense', Christianity
Today, vol. 39, no. 11.

************************************
The Resurrection And The Rapture Of The Church
By Dr. Jack Van Impe

                "And if Christ be not risen, then is our preaching vain,
and your faith is also vain. Yea, and we are found false witnesses of God,
because we have testified of God that he raised up Christ: whom he raised
not up, if so be that the dead rise not. For if the dead rise not, then is
not
Christ raised: And if Christ be not raised, your faith is vain, ye are yet
in your sins. Then they also which are fallen asleep in Christ are
perished. If in this life only we have hope in Christ, we are of all men
most miserable.   - I Corinthians 15:14-19


  The Apostle Paul said it as well as it can be said. One cannot overstate
the profound importance of the reality of the Resurrection of our Lord
Jesus to our faith as Christians. If Jesus had notrisen from the dead as
the Bible states, then all who had and have fallen asleep (died in Christ)
are perished and our hope for eternal life is gone. If Jesus had remained
in the grave so would we - but praise God He is risen.

  Think about what happened when Christ rose from the grave? What was left
behind? All they found in that sepulcher was our Lord's grave clothes.
What's the significance of that?

  In I Corinthians 15:23, it says, Christ is the "firstfruits" of the
Resurrection. The first fruits. Isn't that plain? Then in the text it
explains that afterwards, or later, "they that are Christ's at his coming"
will follow. It's there in God's Word. What it means is that since His
clothes were left behind, ours will be also. Those that belong to Christ at
the time of His coming will be bodily translated into heaven just as Jesus
was - leaving behind the ragsof sin for new robes of righteousness.

  When Jesus Christ comes to call us home at the Rapture, He will come
exactly as He left. How did He leave? He left bodily into the clouds. Acts
1:9 says, "And when he (Jesus) had spoken these things, while they beheld,
he was taken up; and a cloud received him out of their sight. And while
they looked steadfastly toward heaven as he went up, behold, two men stood
by them in white apparel; Which also said, Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye
gazing into heaven? This same Jesus, which is taken up from you into
heaven, shall so come in like manner as ye have seen him go.'"

  In other words, if I can prove that He went bodily, then I don't have to
go any further to prove that He's coming back bodily. Why? Because the
Bible says He's coming back exactly as He left. How did He leave? After
spending three days in the grave, He rose and stood on the earth in His new
body. In Luke 24:39, He says to some of His followers, "Behold, my hands
and my feet. It is I myself: handle me, and see; for a spirit hath not
flesh and bones, as ye see me have." In verse 41, He says, "Have ye here
any meat? And they gave him a piece of broiled fish, and of an honeycomb.
And he took it, and did eat before them."

  This is Christ in His new resurrected body - a body that could be seen, a
body that could be touched, a body that could partake of food. It's a
picture of what we will have at the time of the Rapture. How quickly will
it happen? "Behold, I show you a mystery," the Bible tells us in I
Corinthians 15:51-54. "We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed,
In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet
shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be
changed. For this corruptible (the dead) must put on incorruption, and this
mortal (the living) must put on immortality."

  This is going to be a glorious event. We shall be changed to be like
Jesus. The Psalmist said in chapter 17, verse 15: "I shall be satisfied,
when I awake, with thy likeness." In Philippians 3:21, Paul says that God
will change our vile bodies - not leave them behind, change them - that
they may be fashioned "like unto his glorious body." In I John 3:2, it says
that when we see Jesus, we shall be like Him, "for we shall see him as he
is."

  Did you know that Jesus wasn't the first person to be "raptured" out of
this earth? In fact, when the Rapture occurs, it will be the fourth one
documented in the Bible. The first was Enoch in Genesis 5:24: And Enoch
walked with God; and he was not; for God took him. In Hebrews 11:5, Paul
adds, that Enoch was translated by faith so that he should not see death.
He was "raptured" - caught up in the twinkling of an eye, without dying.
The second documented "rapture" is Elijah in II Kings 2:11. Elijah was
caught up by a whirlwind into heaven. He, too, never saw death,
foreshadowing what we believers will experience on the day the Lord catches
us up in the clouds. Then, of course, Jesus was "raptured" away in Acts
1:9: "And when he had spoken these things, while they beheld, he was taken
up; and a cloud received him out of their sight."

  When Elijah was caught up, angels and chariots of fire came to get him. I
personally believe that, in a similar way, angelic hosts may come after
those of us who ascend in the Rapture. Why? Because every believer - not
just Elijah - has his own ministering angel. They could come to whisk us
home in the twinkling of an eye. Luke 16:22 provides a precedent for us:
"And it came to pass, that the beggar died, and was carried by the angels
into Abraham's bosom."

  Is all this something that should frighten us? Excited, yes. Frightened,
no. So many people today are facing the approach of the millennium with
dread - with fear and foreboding. There is an anticipation - even in the
secular media - that we may be nearing the end of the world. There is
anxiety and hopelessness everywhere. The world seems to get just a bit
uglier every day as crime increases and wars break out and immorality
reigns.

  This is not the way believers should feel - especially in this season
when we are remembering what Jesus did for us on the cross of Calvary and
how He victoriously defeated the last enemy, death, I Corinthians 15:26.
What could be more exciting and encouraging than the idea that some of us
will never die? In Titus 2:13, Paul calls the Rapture our "blessed hope."
In I
Thessalonians 4:18, he says, "Comfort one another with these words."
"Comfort one another," he says, not frighten one another.

  I've got news for you. The world is not - I repeat, not - coming to an
end. The world is not going away in the year 2000, nor even a thousand
years after that. God has shown me something in the last year to change my
mind concerning this subject. It is clear from scripture that the world
will not even end after Christ's 1,000-year reign on earth. The world will
never end. Isaiah 45:17 is unequivocal: It's a world without end. "Unto him
be glory in the church by Christ Jesus throughout all ages, world without
end. Amen," Paul writes in Ephesians 3:21.

  Skeptics will no doubt point to Matthew 24:3 which states: "As he sat
upon the mount of Olives, the disciples came unto him privately, saying,
Tell us, when shall these things be? and what shall be the sign of thy
coming, and of the end of the world?" Let's recall that the New Testament
was written in Greek. The Greek translation of that last world is "age,"
not "world." Once again, the world is not coming to an end. But this epoch,
this age, is closing. And, yes, the advent of the year 2000 does have some
significance. Why? Because it could conceivably be the ending of the age of
grace and beginning of the millennial age when the King of kings and Lord
of lords returns (compare Matthew 24:3 and Matthew 25:34 for proof).

  Long before Christ was born, the Jewish rabbis taught a six-day theory
about the future of the world. They believed that the world would face
several eras lasting a total of 6,000 years, from Adam's creation until the
Messiah would come. This theory was based, in part, on Psalm 90:4: "For a
thousand years in thy sight are but as yesterday." Since God created the
world in six days and rested on the seventh day, they reasoned, the world
would go on for 6,000 years followed by a 1,000-year millennial "rest"
period presided over by the Lord himself.

  Think about this. From the creation of Adam until the birth of Christ a
period of 4,000 years - or four days passed. From Christ's time on earth
until now represents approximately another 2,000 years - or two days. This
total of six days is just one more reason to believe that Jesus could
return very, very soon.

  Six-day periods, followed by remarkable transitions, have been important
throughout scripture. Look at Matthew 17:1, for example. "And after six
days Jesus taketh Peter, James, and John his brother, and bringeth them up
into an high mountain apart, And he was transfigured before them: and his
face did shine as the sun, and his raiment was white as the light." Jesus
was giving them a preview of what it would be like when He comes back as
King of Kings and Lord of Lords as described in Revelation 19:16. When they
came down from that mountain, He told them not to tell anyone of these
things until after His Resurrection.

  Not only did the ancient Jewish rabbis teach this six-day theory, but so
did the church during the first 300 years of Christendom. The church
leaders based their belief on II Peter 3:8: "But, beloved, be not ignorant
of this one thing, that one day is with the Lord as a thousand years, and a
thousand years as one day." St. Victorinus, the bishop of Petah, wrote a
commentary on the book of Revelation in 270 AD. He said he saw another
great and wonderful sign - "Seven angels having the last seven plagues, for
in them is completed the indignation of God. And these shall be in the last
time when the church shall have gone out of the midst." In other words, St.
Victorinus was talking about the Rapture! This teaching is not a present
day innovation but a doctrinal statement dating back 17 centuries to St.
Victorinus and 20 centuries to Jesus and Paul.

  In the 16th century there were those expressing assurance of the Rapture.
Hugh Latimer, burned at the stake for his faith in 1555, said: "It may come
in my days, old as I am, or in my children's days, the saints shall be
taken up to meet Christ in the air and so shall come down with him again."
Joseph Medde, the great 16thcentury literalist understood I Thessalonians
4:13-18 to teach the catching up of the saints and even used the word
"rapture." So this is not some new idea.

  However, understand this: The Rapture is not taught in Matthew, Mark and
Luke. You can find it twice in the Gospel of John. Any other time you are
reading about Christ's return in the gospels, it is not referring to the
Rapture. Instead, these are references to the second phase of Christ's
return - when He physically comes back to earth to rule over it after a
seven-year Tribulation period and it's called, in theological circles, "the
Revelation" or the revealing of Christ upon earth.

  Where are the two Rapture texts in the Gospel of John? John 14:1-3: "Let
not your heart be troubled: ye believe in God, believe also in me. In my
Father's house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would have told you.
I go to prepare a place for you. And if I go and prepare a place for you, I
will come again, and receive you unto myself; that where I am, there ye may
be also." This is not His coming to the earth. This is the point at which
He receives us unto Himself at the great Rapture - the snatching away - to
be with Him in heaven as the seven years of torment occur on earth. The
second reference is in John 11:25,26. I quoted this passage for years but
didn't really understand it. Christ said: "I am the resurrection, and the
life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live: And
whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Believest thou this?"

  Jesus is contrasting those who experience death and live again ("for the
dead in Christ rise first," I Thessalonians 4:16) with those who never
experience death (because "we which are alive and remain" are caught up
without dying, I Thessalonians 4:17).

  It's a fact that God always spares His own from judgment. When the
horrendous worldwide flood came in Noah's day, Noah told those who were
prepared to COME INTO the ark, Genesis 7:7. When the judgment fell on Sodom
and Gomorrah in Genesis 19:14, the angels told Lot and his family to COME
OUT of the city. Notice this trilogy: In Noah's day, it was COME IN. In
Lot's day it was COME OUT. In our day, it will be COME UP, Revelation 4:1.

But, of course, as always, only a select group will be saved - rescued from
the worst period in human history. During the Tribulation period that
follows the Rapture, all hell is going to break loose on planet earth. It
will be a furious time because the hindering power of the Holy Spirit will
be temporarily removed. With all the Bible tells us about how we should
live on earth, there are almost no instructions about how to prepare for
this post-Rapture period. Our newest video, "Left Behind: The Final
Warning!," can help. More than anything else, it can serve as a survival
manual for those who fail to come to Christ before He comes for His Church
and Bride. Make sure all of your loved ones - saved and unsaved, get a copy
of this survival video.

  How bad will things get? In Revelation 9:18, it indicates that a third of
mankind will be killed by fire, smoke and brimstone. That, my friends, is
nothing less than a first century way of explaining all-out thermonuclear
warfare. Imagine. There are nearly 6 billion people on the earth today. If
one-third are killed, that's a holocaust representing 2 billion lives. But
that's just the beginning. In Revelation 6:8, the rider on the fourth horse
brings with him a worldwide plague of disease that causes another fourth of
humanity to perish. That's another billion. So half the human race will be
annihilated in this relatively brief period. This pictures the judgment
predicted by Jesus in Matthew 24:41 and 42.

  As terrible as that fate sounds, there is still hope for those left
behind. I used to believe and teach that if one hadn't accepted the Lord
before the Rapture, all was lost. I was wrong. As long as one is alive
there's hope. Joel chapter 2 and Acts chapter 2 describe the calamitous
tribulation period. In the midst of all the carnage and destruction Joel
2:32 and Acts 2:21 states: "whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord
shall be saved."

  There's always hope in Jesus. That's what we need to reflect upon, not
only during this victorious resurrection season, but all year long.

  The above material is but a small sampling of the information taken from
my new video,
  LEFT BEHIND: THE FINAL WARNING.


For information on Jack's books and videos please write or phone

Dr. Jack Van Impe
PO Box 7004
Troy, MI   48007
313-852-2244

If and when you do call JVI Ministries, please tell them that you read
about it in Prophe-Zine.

****************************
America's  Holocaust:
A Shame And Disgrace For The People Who Believe In Life, Liberty And
Justice For All
By: Paula Demers

     I haven't written on abortion in a long time.  But President Clinton
has vetoed  the bill concerning D and X abortion, I have to  speak out.
Whenever I write about this issue, I get a bunch of mail saying I don't
understand, I must be a man or have no idea what it's like to have an
unwanted pregnancy.    So let me get this straight right now, and everyone
can save their postage.  I am a woman and the mother of six children.  Four
were adopted.  One was adopted as a baby who's mother chose life for her. I
had my first baby at 17, and was alone.  So I know.  Like a friend of mine
has told me, I put my money where my mouth is.

     Technology proves that life begins at conception.  From the first day
the cells divide and the baby starts growing.  By the 18th day the heart is
forming.  It starts breathing the 24th day.  This is just a little more
than three weeks after conception.  Most woman don't even realize they are
pregnant yet.  By eight weeks, the child is well proportioned.  He is a
small scale baby just 1 and 1/8 inch long.  He has all organs; lover makes
blood cells and kidneys begin to function.  By 12 weeks, the baby can kick,
turn feet, make a fist.  The mother feels movement between four to five
months.  A six month baby weighs about 22 ounces and is about nine inches
long.  Babies born at this age have survived.  The baby grows until at nine
months they trigger labor.

     There is not doubt in science that the baby is a living growing being.
Yet, we have made the unborn baby not human.  It's time we take a hard
line look at ourselves and see what we have come to as a nation.

     In 1973 the U.S. Supreme Court in their Roe vs. Wade decision ruled
that unborn babies were not legal people.  This means that they didn't
deserve the same constitutional rights as legal people.   Here are some
comments from pro choice people concerning "the fetus".  Gloria Steinman on
September 9,1981 commented on CNN, "A woman would have the right to
abortion just as she has a right to remove any parasitic growth from her
body."  Drs. J.F. McDermotte and W.F. Char needed to pacify nurses at a
Hawaiian hospital when they became upset by "dead fetuses and pieces of
limbs, fingernails and hair" in the operating room:  "What is aborted is a
protoplasmic mass and not real, live grown up individual." (Sereny, Into
that Darkness page 20). In 1980 Dr. Martti Kekomaki justified conducting
experiments on live later term babies.  He sliced open the stomachs and cut
off their heads.  His justification?  "An aborted baby is just garbage and
that's where it ends up.", he declared.

     One of the types of abortion that is done in the first trimester is
called a "Suction Abortion".  With this type of abortion, a suction tube is
placed in the cervix.  the suction machine is turned on and the baby is
torn from the uterus with the placenta.  The baby goes through a tube and
into a canister.

     After this abortion is preformed, the nurse or doctor has to go back
and count six pieces:  one head, two arms, two legs, and a trunk.  If one
piece is missing he has to go back into the woman and get it, otherwise
there would be an infection.

     The Saline Abortion is performed by injected a poisonous concentrated
salt solution into the water bag around the baby. the baby breath and
swallows this fluid resulting in a slow poisoning.  This solution also
burns the babies skin.  The baby thrashes around trying to breath and
eventually the woman delivers a dead, or nearly dead baby.  This is usually
done in the second trimester of pregnancy.

     The D and X abortion is preformed in the second and third trimester of
pregnancy.  The doctor takes forceps and pulls the baby's leg down into the
birth canal.  Then he pulls the baby our, leaving just the babies head in
the birth canal.  He then takes a pair of scissors and bores a hole at the
base of the babies skull.  A tube in inserted into the hole and the baby's
brains are sucked out into an air tight canister.  (This is so the brain
cells aren't exposed to air.  Brain cells die quickly when exposed to air,
and are not as good to use in research.)  If the baby's head comes out of
the birth canal during the procedure, it is considered murder if they kill
the baby. The bill that will be going before President Clinton would make
this procedure illegal.  He plans to veto it.

     The media would make you believe that there is a shortage of abortion
doctors because the doctors fear pro-lifers.  According to the Florida
Daily News, August 29, 1993 in an article written by David Boldt:  Dr.
MacAuther Hill said, "Abortions are a dirty business."  When Dr. Hill was a
young doctor, her performed abortions.  He recalled, as part of his
training having to go through the remains of abortions to recover fetal
ovaries for research.  He commented "I realized that what I was going
through was not a blob of tissue.  I discovered that I was going through
jumbled up remains of a dead human being.  Everything was there-hands, feet
ovaries, gonads."  He decided that doing abortions was like carrying out a
"contract killing". So he stopped.

     Dr. John R. McTammany decided that "abortion was not the right thing
to do".  The problem for him cam from adjusting to "trying real hard to
save and preserve a baby" for one patient and to another patient he would
be asked to destroy the baby the same age.

     David Boldt, after writing the article agrees that abortion is a
"dirty business".

     The argument used for abortions are interesting.  One of the arguments
is "Why bring and unwanted baby into the world?" Well, the waited list for
people who want babies is years long, so I won't even comment on that.
Another one is, "Woman aren't supposed to be breeding stock for people who
can't have babies."  Yes, folks, I actually saw a woman on the news last
year who represented NOW say that.  In other words, if a woman doesn't want
her baby, she has the right to kill it, as opposed to give it to someone
who will love and care for the baby. One woman who was pro-choice told me,
"I couldn't carry a baby for nine months and then give it away to someone
else." My comment, "So you can murder it instead?"

     Another comment, about a woman having a right to her own body is true.
She does.  But when there is another whole person within her, she doesn't
have the right to destroy that person.  That person has the same rights she
does.

     Abortion is murder, plain and simple.  If the heart starts beating
about three weeks after conception, before most women even know they are
pregnant, abortion would stop that heart beat. If you don't think these
babies feel pain, just think about it.  Would you feel pain if your body
was ripped apart?  Would you feel pain if you were in water with a poison
saline solution?  Would you feel pain if your brains were sucked out?

     This story is taken from  a pamphlet put out by Heritage House '76,
919 South Main Street, Snowflake, AZ 85937 (write them for their catalog)
called "Sing a Little Louder": "I lived in Germany during the Nazi
holocaust. I considered myself a Christian.  I attended church since I was
a small boy.  We had heard the stories of what was happening to the Jews,
but like most people today in this country, we tried to distance ourselves
from the reality of what was really taking place.  What could anyone do to
stop it?"

     "A railroad track ran behind our small church, and each Sunday morning
we would hear the whistle from a distance and then the clacking of the
wheels moving over the track.  We became disturbed when one Sunday we
noticed cries coming from the train as it passed by. We grimly realized
that the train was carrying Jews.  There were like cattle in those cars!"

     "Week after week that train whistle would blow.  We would dread to
hear the w\sound of those old wheels because we knew that the Jews would
begin to cry out to us as they passed our church.  It was so terribly
disturbing!  We could do nothing to help these poor miserable people, yet
their creams tormented us.  We knew exactly what time that whistle would
blow, and we decided the only way to keep from being so disturbed by the
cries was to start singing our hymns.  By the time that train came rumbling
past the church yard, we were singing at the top of our voices.  If some of
the screams reached our ears, we'd just sing a little louder until we could
hear them no more.  Years have passed an no one talks about it much
anymore, but I still hear that train whistle in my sleep.  I can still hear
them crying our for help.  God forgive all of us who called ourselves
Christians, yet did nothing to intervene."

     The old mans las words were "It's happening all over again in America
with abortion.  The Holocaust is here."

     If Row vs Wade is ever turned over, and the abortion holocaust is put
in our children's and grandchildren's history books discuss the 20 plus
years of this holocaust, what will we tell them?  What will we say when
they say, "What did you do to stop this mass murder of innocent children?"
GOD HELP US AS A NATION IF WE CLOSE OUR EYES TO THESE INNOCENTS!  THEIR
BLOOD WILL BE ON OUR HANDS!

This article was written to prevent not to condemn those who have already
had abortions.  If you have had an abortion and are suffering with the
impact of it, please feel free to contact us.  Paula Demers, PO Box 280,
Fort Walton Beach, Fl 32549-0280

*************************

This World Is Not Our Home
From: Tim West timwes19@telalink.net


"But we are citizens of the state which is in heaven, and from it also we
earnestly and patiently await the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ our
Saviour"  Phillippians 3:20  (amplified bible)

                            This world is not our home.

Maybe that concept is easier for me to accept than most people.  You see
I've never really settled down to one geographic area to consider home.
I've lived from Carlisle Pennsylvania to Seoul S. Korea, and just about
everywhere in between it seems.  Right now I'm living just north of
Nashville in Hendersonville Tennessee. And no, I am not running from the
law !

The funny thing about moving is that it keeps you light.  Not in pounds,
but in stuff.  Every time we've moved, we've taken an inventory and thrown
out what wasn't good and sold what we thought we could get money for. (Its
amazing what people will buy)

The only place that I really miss and considered home was Bozeman Montana.
We lived there for three years.  I could talk to you for hours about how
great Montana is;  the beauty, the fishing, the wildlife, the fishing, the
endless views and fresh air and, of course, the fishing.  I can honestly
say that I left part of myself in the Northern Rockies.

And now I find myself in middle Tennessee. It's beautiful in it's own way,
but I kind of feel like a stranger here.  They talk differently, drive
differently and if the weather report looks like even the chance of snow
anywhere in the state, they run to the stores to stock up on food. Don't
get me wrong. I like it here. It's just not home yet.

Almost the way my spirit really doesn't feel at home on this earth.  Just
to watch the evening news hurts.  The homeless people, abused children  and
disease makes me wonder if this was what God had in mind. How could a
loving God allow all of this injustice to continue unchecked. The reality
is that God never intended for man to live a sinful life apart from Him. It
was Adam's mistake.  God made the garden for man to live in for eternity,
in a lasting relationship with Himself. There was only one rule. Adam and
Eve eventually broke that rule, and the results are history. But thank God
that He has provided a way for us to get back to Him through Jesus. Jesus
said "in my Fathers house are many mansions: if it were not so I would have
told you.  I go to prepare a place for you.  And if I go and prepare a
place for you, I will come again, and recieve you unto myself; that where I
Am, there ye may be also."  John 14:2,3  KJV

Jesus spoke alot about His home, Heaven. Have you ever tried to count all
the times Jesus talked about it, telling the people " the kingdom of heaven
is like..."  He took time to tell those fisherman about His home and what
they had to look forward to when they got there. And who would know better
about this place than someone who just came from there?  He spoke of a
place where there would be no sickness, no pain.  Where we would see Him
face to face, and He would wipe away every tear from our eyes.  Where our
bodies would be changed; not subject to time, age, hair loss or weight
gain.  Never to be tempted by sin and never to be accused by satan again

There will be no home improvement salesman in heaven.  You see, your
mansion is being built right now and what is done here and now is what you
will have for eternity.  Put this world in perspective and lay up your
treasure in heaven

This life is only a trial run for what is to come.  If your beaten down and
can't quite keep your head above water, hold on to the promises of Jesus.
Not that all of your problems will dissapear like some would have you to
believe. But He is just and true and He loves you more than you'll ever
know. If you can love Him with all of your heart, (even through the hardest
of times) love Him not for what He can do for you but for who He is, you
have probably learned one of the most valuable lessons of life.

We really only get one chance at this life.  Either we will squander the
years; bouncing around ,taking up space, barely getting into heaven, "saved
but singed." Or we will make use of the time we have, enter into God's
throne room and hear him say "well done my good and faithfull servant."

Our lives, no matter how long they are,  are only a blink of an eye
compared to eternity. The things we do for him will last for an eternity.
Let that sink in.  The things that we do now will last for an eternity. We
are building up our treasures in heaven, because in the end this world is
not our true home. We're just passing through.  And no matter how bad the
evening news gets, the good news is that Jesus is coming soon to take His
children home and out of this craziness.

I think this view is unique to this faith we embrace, called Christianity.
While others are looking for someone to make this world a better place or
looking to themselves to advance to a higher spiritual plane,  we are
looking for someone to come and take us out of this mess of a world.

 My fear is that too many of us have become so attached to this world and
our lives, that it would be quite inconvienent If He actually did return
for us.  We need to take inventory of our lives and get rid of the stuff
that is of no lasting value; anything that keeps us from a complete
commitment to Christ.  Travel lite! Be ready to meet your Saviour at any
moment, because it could happen sooner than we think.

I hope you feel like a stranger sometimes.  If you do, take heart and hang
on to the promise of Jesus' return to take us home with him.


Tim West

" what a mess this world is in, I wonder who began it.
                           Don't ask me, I'm only visiting this Planet"

                                                              Larry Norman
*****************************

Book Preview
Serving a Greater Whole
From: Berit Kjos


SERVING A GREATER WHOLE

An excerpt from Brave New Schools  by Berit Kjos

Laura's fourth-grade teacher was reading a new book called The Giver.  The
story seemed sort of strange and spooky, but most of her classmates at
Adams Elementary School in Davenport, Iowa, liked it. After all, it had won
the 1994 Newbery Medal--and was dedicated to "all the children to whom we
entrust our future."i  Therefore it had to be good--didn't it?

The book told about a special community where every child felt safe, ate
plenty of food, took pills to stop any pain, and lived in a family no
larger than four. Overpopulation was no problem since new babies were
limited to fifty a year.  Born to professional "birth mothers" instead of
children helped care for them during volunteer hours.  To keep people
comfortable and free from stress, handicapped babies and low-weight twins
were "released" to go to a mystical "EIsewhere."

Each December all the children advanced into the next age group. At the
Ceremony for the Ones, the healthy babies born during the year were
assigned to selected families.  Jonas, one of the Elevens, still remembered
when his sister Lily was a One and came to live in his family.  This
December, she would become an Eight and receive her first voluntary service
assignment.  On the same day, all the Nines would get their first bicycle,
and the Tens would get special haircuts. The new Elevens would soon have to
take daily pills to quench the strange "stirrings" that came with puberty.

Each group of children--up to Twelve--learned to follow the rules for their
age, succeed in school, complete their service assignments, and share their
dreams and feelings with their designated family  Sometimes Jonas preferred
to hide his feelings, but that was against the rules.

As they neared December once again, Jonas and the other "young adults"
waited anxiously for the Ceremony for the Twelves. This year, they would
receive their permanent Assignments--their place to work during their
productive years.  These Assignments were chosen by the Committee of Elders
who had been observing every child.  Jonas, who had intuitive power to "see
beyond," was chosen to be the Receiver of Memories - the one who would know
the past. The former Receiver, who now became the Giver, would place his
hands on Jonas' back and  psychically transfer all past experiences and
distant memories to the boy. Eventually, Jonas would become the community's
source of wise counsel and secret wisdom - like a tribal shaman.

Laura and her classmates listened, imagined, absorbed, and pondered.
Sometimes Laura felt uncomfortable--as when Jonas had to bathe a frail,
slippery Old woman during his volunteer hours at the House of the Old.  But
the worst part came when Jonas' father, a Nurturer, had to "release" the
smaller of two newborn twins.

As the teacher read from the book, Laura pictured the scene she heard:
Jonas and the Giver were watching the Release on a video screen.  They saw
a small windowless room with a table and scale--the same room Jonas had
seen during his service work at the Nurturing Center.   "It's just an
ordinary room," he said to the Giver. "I thought maybe they'd have it in
the Auditorium, so that everybody could come. All the Old go to Ceremonies
of Release. But I suppose that when it's just a newborn, they don't...."

Suddenly, Jonas saw his father enter the room with a tiny newchild. He put
it on the scale and noted the weight. "...you're only five pounds ten
ounces," he said, "A shrimp!"

A shrimp? Laura could identify with the tiny infant. She, too, was a
low-birth-weight twin.  Feeling shaky, she listened closely as the teacher
continued to read:

His father turned and opened the cupboard. He took out a syringe and a
small bottle. Very carefully he inserted the needle into the bottle and
began to fill the syringe.... [Then he directed] the needle into the top of
newchild's forehead, 	puncturing the place where the fragile skin pulsed.
The newborn squirmed, and wailed faintly.

"Why's he--"
"Shhh," the Giver said sharply.

His father... pushed the plunger very slowly, injecting the liquid into the
scalp vein until the syringe was empty....

As Jonas continued to watch, the newchild no longer crying moved his arms
and legs in a a jerking motion. Then he went limp. His head fell to the
side, his eyes half open. Then he was still...

His father tidied the room. Then he picked up a small carton that lay
waiting on the floor, set it on the bed, and lifted the limp body into
it.... He opened a small door in the wall... It seemed to be the same sort
of chute into  which trash was deposited at school.

His father loaded the carton containing the body into the chute and gave it
a shove.

"Bye-bye, little guy," Jonas heard his father say before he left the room.
	Then the screen went blank."ii

Stunned, Laura stared at her teacher. Would they really kill a baby if it
didn't weigh enough?  The horrible image of the tiny infant, murdered and
thrown down a chute like a piece of garbage made her sick.  Her thoughts
raced on.  How could the kind Nurturer kill it!   What if it had been her!
She was just as tiny when she was born.  And she already  been thinking
about death.  Only weeks ago, her own grandmother had died.

She rushed home from school and burst into the house.  "Mom, Mom," she
cried, "Guess what my teacher read today!"  She poured out her story, while
her mother, Elaine Rathmann, listened quietly.

The next day, Mrs. Rathmann, a member of the local school board, visited
the school.  When she suggested that The Giver might be inappropriate
reading for fourth-graders, the principal indicated his reluctance to
"stifle academic freedom".

Next, she told the teacher how the book had affected her daughter.

"But I didn't tell the class what I believed," he answered.  "I let them
come to their own conclusion. My children know fiction from nonfiction."

But that doesn't matter, thought Mrs. Rathmann.  Sometimes an exciting
story can transmit horrible images and socialistic messages more easily
than a history lesson.
	
THE  21st CENTURY GLOBAL VILLAGE. The Giver fits into the flood of
classroom literature that force children to think the unthinkable and
reconsider the values they learned at home. It also models many of the
pitfalls and imagined perfections of the utopian school-centered community
being implemented by today's national and international change agents:

* State surveillance and control of health, wealth, attitudes, beliefs,
values and behavior.
* State controlled child care, health care, training of parents, vocational
guidance and work assigment.
* Mandatory "voluntary" service.
* Personal privileges conditioned on compliance.

In many parts of our country - as in the envisioned community -- teams of
professional "experts" are already replacing parents as ultimate decision
makers in the lives of children.  As suggested by the slogan, "It takes a
whole village to raise a child," they will make sure parents are trained to
follow the prescribed guidelines for parenting. If this new system is
implemented by AD 2000-2001 as planned, all who refuse to conform will find
their parental authority usurped by trained educators and community
leaders.

A sensational fantasy?  Not at all, as you will see in Chapter 7. Since
many of the specific strategies are hidden behind "sugar-coated" promotion
and misleading labels, few see the danger. Some are silenced by the
politically correct notion that discernment spells intolerance. Others
simply don't believe that America could really change all that much. After
all, we have our constitution!

Could we have become a nation of listless frogs, drifting  blindly in
cultural waters that are nearing the boiling point?  Laura's mother, a
school board member,  would probably answer yes.  She saw the blind
drifting both in her daughter's classmates and among the other parents.

"The Giver desensitized students to the new values," she told me. "Though
the last part showed the downside,  the book helped make the futuristic
community seem normal. Their conclusions would be based on the biased
information they were given."

"Did other parents share your concern?" I asked her.
"I don't think so. They didn't want to be disturbed. No one else was
willing to say, 'I won't let you teach this to my child.'"


"See to it that no one takes you captive through hollow and deceptive
philosophy, which depends on human tradition and the basic principles of
this world rather than on Christ." (Colossians 2:8)
_______________________________________
Note:  Years ago, a young boy in Zaire named Kyosa was "chosen to know"
special tribal secrets.iii He is now a scholar in African spirituality, but
his mystical initiation echoes one of the many ominous themes in Lois
Lowry's Newbery Award Winner, The Giver. Like all Newbery winners, this
popular book can be found in classrooms and libraries from coast to coast.
Some states add study questions and special programs to amplify its
message.


Brave New Schools (Harvest House Publishers) is available through Christian
bookstores  and by calling r 800-829-5646.

Endnotes:
1 Lois Lowry, The Giver (New York: Bantam, 1993).
2 Ibid., 148-149.
3 San Jose Mercury News, January 6, 1996.

****************************

Prophe-Zine News Bites

Fingerprints, and more fingerprints
From: Paula Demers   Rdy4Battle@aol.com

Just got back from Disney World and they have a new policy for Floridians.
When we use to by season passes, we had our picture taken, it was enclosed
in plastic and looked like a drivers liscence.

Now it is a thin cardboard ticket with a magnetic strip.  The card is put
through a small machine and we put our first two fingers over a camera and
our prints are taken.  Then, the next day, when we go in the card goes
through again and the finger prints are check.  They haven't got all the
bugs worked out of it yet, because they've only been doing it since the
14th of April, and half the time we still had to show our IDS.

Much MORE mass brainwashing for the Global government has been added.
(Global community attraction, hall of presdients changed......)

Would write more but gotta catch up on all the work I missed while gone and
learning about globalism

Paula Demers

++++++++++++++++++++++

ONE WORLD GOV'T QUOTES
From: John Dulaney    jdulaney@nntp1.best.com

Quotations on the New World Order, 1918 to 1995
        ------------------------------------------------------------

"The old world order changed when this war-storm broke. The old
international order passed away as suddenly, as unexpectedly, and as
completely as if it had been wiped out by a gigantic flood, by a great
tempest, or by a volcanic eruption. The old world order died with the
setting of that day's sun and a new world order is being born while I
speak, with birth-pangs so terrible that it seems almost incredible that
life could come out of such fearful suffering and such overwhelming
sorrow." -- Nicholas Murray Butler, in his book "A World in Ferment" (1918)

                   --------------------------------------

"The peace conference has assembled. It will make the most momentous
decisions in history, and upon these decisions will rest the stability of
the new world order and the future peace of the world." -- M. C. Alexander,
Executive Secretary of the American Association for International
Conciliation, in a subscription letter for the periodical International
Conciliation (1919)

                   --------------------------------------

"If there are those who think we are to jump immediately into a new world
order, actuated by complete understanding and brotherly love, they are
doomed to disappointment. If we are ever to approach that time, it will be
after patient and persistent effort of long duration. The present
international situation of mistrust and fear can only be corrected by a
formula of equal status, continuously applied, to every phase of
international contacts, until the cobwebs of the old order are brushed out
of the minds of the people of all lands." -- Dr. Augustus O. Thomas,
president of the World Federation of Education Associations (August 1927),
quoted in the book "International Understanding: Agencies Educating for a
New World" (1931)

                   --------------------------------------

"... when the struggle seems to be drifting definitely towards a world
social democracy, there may still be very great delays and disappointments
before it becomes an efficient and beneficent world system. Countless
people ... will hate the new world order ... and will die protesting
against it. When we attempt to evaluate its promise, we have to bear in
mind the distress of a generation or so of malcontents, many of them quite
gallant and graceful-looking people." -- H. G. Wells, in his book entitled
"The New World Order" (1939)

                   --------------------------------------

"The term Internationalism has been popularized in recent years to cover an
interlocking financial, political, and economic world force for the purpose
of establishing a World Government. Today Internationalism is heralded from
pulpit and platform as a 'League of Nations' or a 'Federated Union' to
which the United States must surrender a definite part of its National
Sovereignty. The World Government plan is being advocated under such
alluring names as the 'New International Order,' 'The New World Order,'
'World Union Now,' 'World Commonwealth of Nations,' 'World Community,' etc.
All the terms have the same objective; however, the line of approach may be
religious or political according to the taste or training of the
individual." -- excerpt from A Memorial to be Addressed to the House of
Bishops and the House of Clerical and Lay Deputies of the Protestant
Episcopal Church in General Convention (October 1940)

                   --------------------------------------

"In the first public declaration on the Jewish question since the outbreak
of the war, Arthur Greenwood, member without portfolio in the British War
Cabinet, assured the Jews of the United States that when victory was
achieved an effort would be made to found a new world order based on the
ideals of 'justice and peace.'" -- excerpt from article entitled "New World
Order Pledged to Jews," in the New York Times (October 1940)

                   --------------------------------------

"If totalitarianism wins this conflict, the world will be ruled by tyrants,
and individuals will be slaves. If democracy wins, the nations of the earth
will be united in a commonwealth of free peoples, and individuals, wherever
found, will be the sovereign units of the new world order." -- The
Declaration of the Federation of the World, produced by the Congress on
World Federation, adopted by the Legislatures of North Carolina (1941), New
Jersey (1942), Pennsylvania (1943), and possibly other states.

                   --------------------------------------

"New World Order Needed for Peace: State Sovereignty Must Go, Declares
Notre Dame Professor" -- title of article in The Tablet (Brooklyn) (March
1942)

                   --------------------------------------

"Undersecretary of State Sumner Welles tonight called for the early
creation of an international organization of anti-Axis nations to control
the world during the period between the armistice at the end of the present
war and the setting up of a new world order on a permanent basis." -- text
of article in the Philadelphia Inquirer (June 1942)

                   --------------------------------------

"The statement went on to say that the spiritual teachings of religion must
become the foundation for the new world order and that national sovereignty
must be subordinate to the higher moral law of God." -- American Institute
of Judaism, excerpt from article in the New York Times (December 1942)

                   --------------------------------------

"There are some plain common-sense considerations applicable to all these
attempts at world planning. They can be briefly stated: 1. To talk of
blueprints for the future or building a world order is, if properly
understood, suggestive, but it is also dangerous. Societies grow far more
truly than they are built. A constitution for a new world order is never
like a blueprint for a skyscraper." -- Norman Thomas, in his book "What Is
Our Destiny" (1944)

                   --------------------------------------

"He [John Foster Dulles] stated directly to me that he had every reason to
believe that the Governor [Thomas E. Dewey of New York] accepts his point
of view and that he is personally convinced that this is the policy that he
would promote with great vigor if elected. So it is fair to say that on the
first round the Sphinx of Albany has established himself as a prima facie
champion of a strong and definite new world order." -- excerpt from article
by Ralph W. Page in the Philadelphia Bulletin (May 1944)

                   --------------------------------------

"The United Nations, he told an audience at Harvard University, 'has not
been able--nor can it be able--to shape a new world order which events so
compellingly demand.' ... The new world order that will answer economic,
military, and political problems, he said, 'urgently requires, I believe,
that the United States take the leadership among all free peoples to make
the underlying concepts and aspirations of national sovereignty truly
meaningful through the federal approach.'" -- Gov. Nelson Rockefeller of
New York, in an article entitled "Rockefeller Bids Free Lands Unite: Calls
at Harvard for Drive to Build New World Order" -- New York Times (February
1962)

                   --------------------------------------

"The developing coherence of Asian regional thinking is reflected in a
disposition to consider problems and loyalties in regional terms, and to
evolve regional approaches to development needs and to the evolution of a
new world order." -- Richard Nixon, in Foreign Affairs (October 1967)

                   --------------------------------------

"He [President Nixon] spoke of the talks as a beginning, saying nothing
more about the prospects for future contacts and merely reiterating the
belief he brought to China that both nations share an interest in peace and
building 'a new world order.'" -- excerpt from an article in the New York
Times (February 1972)

                   --------------------------------------

"If instant world government, Charter review, and a greatly strengthened
International Court do not provide the answers, what hope for progress is
there? The answer will not satisfy those who seek simple solutions to
complex problems, but it comes down essentially to this: The hope for the
foreseeable lies, not in building up a few ambitious central institutions
of universal membership and general jurisdiction as was envisaged at the
end of the last war, but rather in the much more decentralized, disorderly
and pragmatic process of inventing or adapting institutions of limited
jurisdiction and selected membership to deal with specific problems on a
case-by-case basis ... In short, the 'house of world order' will have to be
built from the bottom up rather than from the top down. It will look like a
great 'booming, buzzing confusion,' to use William James' famous
description of reality, but an end run around national sovereignty, eroding
it piece by piece, will accomplish much more than the old-fashioned frontal
assault." -- Richard N. Gardner, in Foreign Affairs (April 1974)
                   --------------------------------------

"The existing order is breaking down at a very rapid rate, and the main
uncertainty is whether mankind can exert a positive role in shaping a new
world order or is doomed to await collapse in a passive posture. We believe
a new order will be born no later than early in the next century and that
the death throes of the old and the birth pangsof the new will be a
testing time for the human species." -- Richard A. Falk, in an article
entitled "Toward a New World Order: Modest Methods and Drastic Visions," in
the book "On the Creation of a Just World Order" (1975)

                   --------------------------------------

"My country's history, Mr. President, tells us that it is possible to
fashion unity while cherishing diversity, that common action is possible
despite the variety of races, interests, and beliefs we see here in this
chamber. Progress and peace and justice are attainable. So we say to all
peoples and governments: Let us fashion together a new world order." --
Henry Kissinger, in address before the General Assembly of the United
Nations, October 1975)

                   --------------------------------------

"At the old Inter-American Office in the Commerce Building here in
Roosevelt's time, as Assistant Secretary of State for Latin American
Affairs under President Truman, as chief whip with Adlai Stevenson and Tom
Finletter at the founding of the United Nations in San Francisco, Nelson
Rockefeller was in the forefront of the struggle to establish not only an
American system of political and economic security but a new world order."
-- part of article in the New York Times (November 1975)

                   --------------------------------------

"A New World Order" -- title of article on commencement address at the
University of Pennsylvania by Hubert H. Humphrey, printed in the
Pennsylvania Gazette (June 1977)

                   --------------------------------------

"Further global progress is now possible only through a quest for universal
consensus in the movement towards a new world order." -- Mikhail Gorbachev,
in an address at the United Nations (December 1988)

                   --------------------------------------

"We believe we are creating the beginning of a new world order coming out
of the collapse of the U.S.-Soviet antagonisms." -- Brent Scowcroft (August
1990), quoted in the Washington Post (May 1991)

                   --------------------------------------

"We can see beyond the present shadows of war in the Middle East to a new
world order where the strong work together to deter and stop aggression.
This was precisely Franklin Roosevelt's and Winston Churchill's vision for
peace for the post-war period." -- Richard Gephardt, in the Wall Street
Journal (September 1990)

                   --------------------------------------

"If we do not follow the dictates of our inner moral compass and stand up
for human life, then his lawlessness will threaten the peace and democracy
of the emerging new world order we now see, this long dreamed-of vision
we've all worked toward for so long." -- President George Bush (January
1991)

                   --------------------------------------

"But it became clear as time went on that in Mr. Bush's mind the New World
Order was founded on a convergence of goals and interests between the U.S.
and the Soviet Union, so strong and permanent that they would work as a
team through the U.N. Security Council." -- excerpt from A. M. Rosenthal,
in the New York Times (January 1991)

                   --------------------------------------

"I would support a Presidential candidate who pledged to take the following
steps: ... At the end of the war in the Persian Gulf, press for a
comprehensive Middle East settlement and for a 'new world order' based not
on Pax Americana but on peace through law with a stronger U.N. and World
Court." -- George McGovern, in the New York Times (February 1991)

                   --------------------------------------

"... it's Bush's baby, even if he shares its popularization with Gorbachev.
Forget the Hitler 'new order' root; F.D.R. used the phrase earlier." --
William Safire, in the New York Times (February 1991)

                   --------------------------------------

"How I Learned to Love the New World Order" -- article by Sen. Joseph R.
Biden, Jr. in the Wall Street Journal (April 1992)

                   --------------------------------------

"How to Achieve The New World Order" -- title of book excerpt by Henry
Kissinger, in Time magazine (March 1994)

                   --------------------------------------

"The Final Act of the Uruguay Round, marking the conclusion of the most
ambitious trade negotiation of our century, will give birth - in Morocco -
to the World Trade Organization, the third pillar of the New World Order,
along with the United Nations and the International Monetary Fund." -- part
of full-page advertisement by the government of Morocco in the New York
Times (April 1994)

                   --------------------------------------

"New World Order: The Rise of the Region-State" -- title of article by
Kenichi Ohmae, political reform leader in Japan, in the Wall Street Journal
(August 1994)

                   --------------------------------------

The "new world order that is in the making must focus on the creation of a
world of democracy, peace and prosperity for all." -- Nelson Mandela, in
the Philadelphia Inquirer (October 1994)

                   --------------------------------------

The renewal of the nonproliferation treaty was described as important "for
the welfare of the whole world and the new world order." -- President Hosni
Mubarak of Egypt, in the New York Times (April 1995)

                   --------------------------------------

"Alchemy for a New World Order" -- article by Stephen John Stedman in
Foreign Affairs (May/June 1995)

                   --------------------------------------

"We are not going to achieve a new world order without paying for it in
blood as well as in words and money." -- Arthur Schlesinger, Jr., in
Foreign Affairs (July/August 1995)

                   --------------------------------------

These quotations, and many others like them, demonstrate clearly that this
words "new world order" have been in use for decades, and did not originate
with President George Bush in 1990. The "old world order" is one based on
independent nation-states. The "new world order" involves the elimination
of the sovereignty and independence of nation-states and some form of world
government. This means the end of the United States of America, the U.S.
Constitution, and the Bill of Rights as we now know them. Most of the new
world order proposals involve the conversion of the United Nations and its
agencies to a world government, complete with a world army, a world
parliament, a World Court, global taxation, and numerous other agencies to
control every aspect of human life (education, nutrition, health care,
population, immigration, communications, transportation, commerce,
agriculture, finance, the environment, etc.). The various notions of the
"new world order" differ as to details and scale, but agree on the basic
principle and substance.

Reprinted with permission from: http://Syninfo.COM/crier/index.html
also see: http://www.bath.ac.uk/~adsjrcleu/inf-main.html
and     : http://www.together.org/orga/wcw/gov.html
and     : http://www.webcom.com/~worldgov/indrob.html
and     : http://www.cruzio.com/~tim/wcpa/how.html

++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Time to Stand is Now
By Ray Gano

REPORT SAYS FREEMEN ACTIVITIES DOCUMENTED IN 18 STATES
April 23, 1996

*JORDAN, Mont. (AP) -- Operating from a remote base near this  eastern
Montana town, the Freemen have spread their doctrine  to at least 18
states, the Anti-Defamation League said Monday.

* The report said the Freemen also preached racial hatred and cited  a
manifesto on the "Christian Identity" doctrine that says Jews are  the
offspring of Satan and nonwhite races are subhuman.

* "They get lessons in anti-Semitism and racism, and they're being  trained
to deny the legitimacy of our democratically established  government," said
Abraham Foxman, ADL national director.

* The report quotes a videotaped lecture by Dale Jacobi, a former  Calgary
police officer said to be among those holed up on the  ranch, who said: "It
was the Jews who brought the blacks to this
country to destroy it."

* The armed extremists contend they are not subject to federal  or state
law, and have set up their own government on a foreclosed farm and ranch
where they have refused to surrender to  the FBI for almost a month.

* Over the course of a year, hundreds of people went to the ranch  to learn
how to produce false financial documents using home  computers and laser
printers, said the ADL report, released Monday  at the group's annual
meeting in Washington.

When we as Christians see this, why are we not speaking up?  In Ephesians 5
Paul tells us to expose expose this evil raising its head both  here in the
United States and all over the World. It is sad that when the secular world
sees these people who claim the title of "christian"  they  just lump all
of the Christians into on pot. I have seen and experianced it. We need to
speak up and inform others about this. We need to be graceful, humble and
we must stand up face this head on. It is strange, I am starting to see
pre-war Germany resurface here in America and in other parts of the world.
But this time I feel that it will be Christians and Jews will be put on the
block this time.

It is news like this also that shows that the time is being primed for all
the martyrs to die during the Tribulation. Peoples hearts all over the
world are being turned from Christ and against Christians. These are the
days that we are witnessing the line in the sand being drawn and seeing
people choose sides. People are choosing God or the enemy. Things are
becoming very black and white and the greys are going out the back door.

I challenge you to stand up and speak out against people like this. Because
when we do not stand up and speak out, all we are doing is condoning it.
Look at all the Christians who let the Jews die in Germany. Let's not let
this happen again...because I feel that it is the Christian, the Patriot
and the God fearing Jew who they will come after next. Now here in the US
the Terrorist bill has been passed and signed into law, which makes the
persicution of Christians, Jews, and Patriot even easier.

I have had run ins with many who believe in the "Christian Identity"
doctrine. When I talk to these people my stomach just turns. This is pure
"D" wrong. What sort of fruits are these people producing? Christ is our
example. Did he fight against Rome or the Government? Paul spoke in detail
about this very subjuct in Romans 13. We are to submit to our Government.

You MUST remember, We serve Christ first and above all and then our nation
second. Many Christians have this mixed up right now. We need to ground
ourselves in foundation of the Word of God, remain focused on the race, and
when we have done everything...to stand.

No King but King Jesus!
Ray Gano
ray673@best.com

++++++++++++++++++++++++

Editors Note: The World Heritage list and the Bioreserve program are both
programs in which the UN now has control over these properties all in the
name of World Preservation. These lands are considered by the UN, no longer
sovergien territory of the host nation but property of the United Nations
itself. This falls right into the growing belief that the earth is our
mother and we must save her from ourselves....ie nature worship. I urge you
to check these sites out. -- Ray --


U N E S C O WORLD HERITAGE LIST
From: http://www.unesco.org:80//whc/heritage.html

The 469 properties which the World Heritage Committee has included in the
World Heritage List

(350 cultural sites, 102 natural sites, and 17 mixed sites in 104 States)

The World Heritage Committee has approved the following properties and
natural properties to be included on the World Heritage List. The
properties are arranged alphabetically by nominating country. The list is
updated to December 1995. A text version of the list with criteria noted is
available.

On an experimental basis, links will be made to different types of World
Heritage site descriptions.


UNITED STATES OF AMERICA:

       1978 Mesa Verde National Park
       1978 Yellowstone National Park
       1979 Everglades National Park
       1979 Grand Canyon National Park
       1979 Independence Hall
       1980 Redwood National Park
       1981 Mammoth Cave National Park
       1981 Olympic National Park
       1982 Cahokia Mounds State Historic Site
       1983 Great Smokey Mountains National Park
       1983 San Juan National Historic Site and La Fortaleza
       1984 The Statue of Liberty
       1984 Yosemite National Park
       1987 Monticello, and the University of Virginia, Charlottesville
       1987 Chaco Culture National Historic Park
       1987 Hawaii Volcanoes National Park
       1992 Pueblo de Taos
       1995 Carlsbad Caverns National Park

== === === === === == ==

UNESCO MAB BIOSPHERE RESERVE DIRECTORY
From: http://www.unesco.org:80/mab/br/brdir/europe-n/usa.html


UNITED STATES
NATIONAL CONTACT FOR BIOSPHERE RESERVE

Name: Dr. Roger E. Soles
Executive Director, U.S. MAB Secretariat

Address:
OES/EGC/MAB
Room 608  SA 37
Department of State
Washington, D.C. 20522-3707   U.S.A.

Telephone:  [1]  (703) 235-2946
Fax:            [1]  (703) 235-3002

BIOSPHERE RESERVE LOCATION MAP

  ALEUTIAN ISLANDS
  BEAVER CREEK
  BIG BEND
  BIG THICKET
  CALIFORNIA COAST RANGES
  CAROLINIAN-SOUTH ATLANTIC
  CASCADE HEAD
  CENTRAL CALIFORNIA COAST
  CENTRAL GULF COASTAL PLAIN
  CENTRAL PLAINS
  CHAMPLAIN-ADIRONDACK
  CHANNEL ISLANDS
  CORAM
  DENALI
  DESERT
  EVERGLADES
  FRASER
  GLACIER
  GLACIER BAY - ADMIRALTY ISLAND
  GUANICA
  H.J. ANDREWS
  HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
  HUBBARD BROOK
  ISLE ROYALE
  JORNADA
  KONZA PRAIRIE
  LAND BETWEEN THE LAKES
  LUQUILLO
  MAMMOTH CAVE AREA
  MOJAVE AND COLORADO DESERTS
  NEW JERSEY PINELANDS
  NIWOT RIDGE
  NOATAK
  OLYMPIC
  ORGAN PIPE CACTUS
  ROCKY MOUNTAIN
  SAN DIMAS
  SAN JOAQUIN
  SEQUOIA-KINGS CANYON
  SOUTH ATLANTIC COASTAL PLAIN
  SOUTHERN APPALACHIAN
  STANISLAUS-TUOLUMNE
  THREE SISTERS
  UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN
  VIRGIN ISLANDS
  VIRGINIA COAST
  YELLOWSTONE

+++++++++++++++++++++++++

Biblical Archaeology
From: Bridges for Peace
http://www.halcyon.com/rlovest/bfp/

HI-TECH COMPUTERS MEET CAVE MEN IN ISRAEL

Researchers believe the piles of deer, gazelle and wild cattle bones found
in specific areas of the Keraba Cave on Israel's Mount Carmel, which was
occupied by Neanderthal dwellers, are the leftovers of Stone Age dinners.

Indications were found that prehistoric man practiced "division of labor,"
dividing his living space into different areas for particular activities.
They built fires at the entrance and put their living quarters at the back.
But, no one knew for certain whether the bone concentrations found in
specific areas of the Kebara Cave were leftovers of the inhabitants, or
whether animal bones were absent from other areas because they had been
partially dissolved by groundwater over the ages.

To settle the question and some other "unknowns," archaeologists used a
mobile spectrometer and called in an expert in biomineralization, Professor
Stephen Weiner of Israel's Weizmann Institute in Rehovot.

       "People tend to think of archaeological chemistry as merely the
dating of artifacts. But, there is much more to it than that." says Weiner,
a biologist and geologist.

Weiner used his knowledge of biomineralization, the process by which bones,
teeth and other inorganic structures form in living organisms, as a basis
for determining whether archaeological findings today reflect the reality
of tens of thousands of years ago. Armed with a PC computer, equipped with
special software for mineral identification and a portable
generator-powered infrared spectrometer, Weiner was able to look for traces
of particular soil minerals in other areas of the cave, soil minerals
associated with the presence of bones.

At Kebara, the spectrometer helped to establish that minerals much more
soluble than bone, such as ash derived calcite, were found in the vicinity
of some of the bone accumulations and had not dissolved over time. Thus,
one could say with a fair degree of certainty that the bones in the cave
were also unlikely to have been affected by groundwater dissolution.

The layers that do not contain bones, never did. Therefore, it is
reasonable to assume that the areas of bone concentration are the refuse
pits for the garbage of the cave-dwellers.

Weiner's laboratory is an innovative on site concept, which allows samples
to be analyzed on the spot in 15 minutes, rather than waiting weeks and
even months for results from distant labs, as is common today.

Furthermore, by using infrared spectrometers to construct highly detailed
maps of mineral sediments on the excavation site, archeologists will be
able to chart future excavations on-site, while understanding better what
was already discovered at the excavation site over the years. This Israeli
invention will certainly help archaeologists around the world to be more
accurate evaluation of ancient sites.
- by Daniella Ashkenazy

ROMAN AQUEDUCT DOZED

On-site mosaic explains the 61 Kilometer long (38 mile) aqueduct

The British weekly, The Sunday Telegraph, reports (18 February) that a
unique 2000 year old Roman aqueduct on the outskirts of Bethlehem was
bulldozed by unknown Palestinians, within days after the December Israeli
handover of Bethlehem to the Palestinian Authority.

The relic, close to Rachel's Tomb, was on prime real estate owned by
wealthy Palestinians who wanted to use the land for commercial development.


       The aqueduct "was part of the heyday of Jewish existence, the most
important relic since the time of Jesus Christ," said Israel Museum curator
Magen Broshi.

Israeli archaeologists were incensed as the aqueduct, which had carried
water from Hebron to Jerusalem, was nearly intact and bore a Latin
inscription, enabling experts to date it.

       Peter Lerne of Israel's Civil Administration said, "It was the only
one of its kind, not just in the Middle East but throughout the world."

Three years ago Israel agreed to the development of the site, on condition
that the aqueduct be protected. However work was stopped after a few days
when a large stone near Rachel's Tomb was crushed by a bulldozer.
 - by Leiah and Jason Elbaum

UNDERGROUND RESERVOIR OPEN TO PUBLIC

Tzipori, ISRAEL - The ancient Galilean city of Tzipori was an important
administrative and cultural center in Israel after the fall of Jerusalem.
It has been excavated for years and with each new season, more of the site
has been opened to the public. The latest part of Tzipori to be opened is
an ancient underground water reservoir that served the city and its
inhabitants for hundreds of years.

Officials of the Israel National Parks Authority which runs the Tzipori
site, said it is believed to be the only excavated example of an artificial
aquifer of this kind and age anywhere in the world. The water storage
system, which was hewn out of the chalk rock and its walls covered in
plaster to prevent leakages, dates back to the late first or second century
AD and was apparently in use as late as the seventh century.

Water was drawn from springs in the hills around Nazareth and carried along
a13-kilometer-long canal network to Tzipori, where it flowed down into the
underground reservoir.

The artificial aquifer, which was excavated and reconstructed during the
past two years, no longer contains any water. Instead, visitors can descend
into the huge underground cavern, some 12 meters deep and as much as five
meters wide and over 260 meters long.

The NPA officials said the reservoir, located about 1 1/2 kilometer from
Tzipori, was capable of storing sufficient water to supply the needs of
30,000 people for a week. It had its own filtering system, to remove
sediment and prevent stagnation, and a valve-operated faucet which could be
opened to draw water and closed to keep it in the reservoir.

NPA officials said more than 150,000 people visited Tzipori last year to
see the excavations of the ancient city, including its well-preserved
mosaics. The new excavation would likely increase the flood of visitors to
the site.
- by David Rudge

++++++++++++++++++++++

The Rutherford Institute Wins A Vctory For "See You At The Pole" In Texas
By: Ray Gano

In Corpus Christi Texas, the  school district has agreed to state on the
record that gatherings known as "See You at the Pole" prayer meetings will
not be disrupted any more. This was reported by the school district's
attorney and reported by AP news service.

The Rutherford Institute, who are a civil liberties group that specializes
in defending religious freedom. Kelly Shackelford , a  spokesman for The
Rutherford Institute's Dallas Texas office, said the settlement was a
warning to other schools who try to prevent Christians from practicing
their First Amendment Right. "Government attempts at intimidation or
interference with the students' prayers will not be tolerated,"

The school district has agreed to pay $6,000 to 17 students and their
parents under a partial settlement in the lawsuit over district policies
regarding student gatherings.

The Rutherford Institute filed the lawsuit on behalf of the students and
parents in 1993, several months after students at Moody and King high
schools and Browne Middle School gathered at campus flagpoles to
participate in the nationwide prayer vigil.

Still pending is The Rutherford Institute's demand for $750,000 in
attorney's fees, which Ms. Selz said the district intends to fight.

+++++++++++++++

In God We Secretly Trust
Submitted by: Rob Smith Rsmith1996@aol.com

The day could soon be upon us when we hear the words, "OK buddy, spread
'em.  Frisk him John.  Look out, that might be a loaded bible in his
pocket."

Military Right Wing Extremists are targets for Australia's spies. The
Australian Security Intelligence Oganisation (ASIO) has warned that
Australia is threatened by increasingly violent domestic groups that
include: right-wing militias, doomsday groups, religious extremist groups,
clandestine Christian extremist paramilitary groups, similar to those
blamed for April's Oklahoma City boming in the United States.  Australian
government has promised that their spies will, "do a professional task in
keeping surveillance on these types of groups."

All Shook UP! Newsletter  November 1995

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Big Brother Is Hiding Under Your Hood
Submitted by: Rob Smith  RSmith1996@aol.com

Sweden is finalizing details on a new driver's license program that will
transform the world.  Everyone will be given a coded plastic card that will
be inserted into a card reader  replacing the ignition.  The car's computer
will check your ID against the police file data base it is wired into. If
you don't match, the car will not start.  It can also be stalled via
computer chip satellite relays from the police station, anywhere on the
road.

+++++++++++++++++++++

It's All In Your Head
Submitted By: Rob Smith  RSmith1996@aol.com

"Barcodes on the Brain"

The barcodes, read by laser readers in grocery stores and retail outlets,
can also be implanted under the skin.  The same man who created the system
for IBM for the retail marketplace demonstrated the technology in 1979 with
fish.  He marked salmon as they swam downstream.  A laser burned a code
into their skin as they swam by his machine.  The codes could be read later
via computer, with the objective of tracking the size of the salmon
population. The marking is invisible to the naked eye.

The Naval Research Laboratory in Washington is experimenting with
Hippocampal Neuron Patterning (growing live human brain neurons on computer
chips).  One researcher said, "You could use the memory on a biological
chip, pop it into your head and learn French." Studies continue at the
Chemical and Biological Arms Control Insitute in Virginai as well.
This story is from "Defense News" Vol. 10, No.11, 20-26 March 1995.

++++++++++++++++++++

They Are Coming To Take US Away...
Submitted By: Rob Smith   RSmith1996@aol.com

The Federal Emergency Management Agency FEMA, has a printed book called the
Garden Plot delineating their plans for "confiscation of food, water,
communications, guns and ammunitions."  The populace will be subdued and
then "subject to placement in labor groups without any recourse."  You can
obtain a copy of The Garden Plot by calling 1-800-888-9999. According to
one Air Traffic Controller, there are many more plans available.

++++++++++++++++++++

Editors Note: Grant Jeffrey, in my opinion, is one of the best authors that
deals with Bible prophecy and Biblical Archaeology. If you have had the
chance to read any of his excellent book you will agree with me. I am VERY
proud to announce that Grant Jeffrey has put up a www site for all to
visit. I would also like to share the letter he wrote to Prophe-Zine. If
you have access to the web I urge you to visit his site. If you have not
been able to find his books in the past, you can also order them on-line
via his site. Good luck Grant with your site an your growing ministry.

== == == === ==

Our new web site - Grant Jeffrey Ministries
From: Grant R. Jeffrey

Dear Ray,
I enjoy your excellent web site. Keep up the good work!

We have established the Grant Jeffrey Ministries web site today. It is
located at http://www.grantjeffrey.com and will provide excerpts from my
research, books and intelligence briefs dealing with Bible Prophecy. In
addition the site will provide access to a catalogue of our materials.

If you feel it would be worthwhile for your visitors I would appreciate you
letting your visitors know about our site. May the Lord continue to richly
bless you and your ministry.

Yours in Christ's Name,
Grant Jeffrey

++++++++++++++++++

School-to-Work Means Lifelong Controls
From: Berit Kjos

HR 1617 --"Consolidated and Reformed Education, Employment, and
Rehabilitation Systems act" or  "CAREERS act" and  S 143 -- "Work Force
Development Act of 1995" - mandate government control over your and your
children's lives, including --

* lifelong "education"1
* beliefs and attitudes
* psycho-social counseling
* personal electronic portfolio
* politically correct training and retraining
* workforce assignments based on the govern-ment's perception of your
willingness to conform to politically correct standards.

This monstrous legislation, first outlined in a 1992 letter to Hillary
Clinton from Marc Tucker (director, National Center on Education and the
Economy) is already being implemented in individual states. It creates a
national employment agency that will -

* create a "National Electronic Data Base" 2 (part of a massive "National
Labor Market Information System")   to collect personal information,
establish an electronic portfolio, and track supposedly private details of
each individual's life from cradle to grave (parenting activities, health
activities, beliefs and attitudes, skill testing...) accessible to all
centers and agencies-but not the applicants themselves.

* govern a person's "lifelong" training, testing, tracking, surveillance,
and workforce assignment -not unlike the Soviet-Union's disastrous five and
ten-year plans.

* reclassify 16-year-olds as adults (avoiding child labor laws) and put
them to work in apprentice programs that replace traditional academics.

* lock each person into the system by forcing ALL adults (anyone over age
16) to obtain one or "a series of certificates" (CIM, CAM, OSC-Occupational
Skills Certificate) in a specific "occupational cluster" (career pathway)
in order to get or keep a job or be admitted to a college. ("HR1617 will
assist all individuals in preparing for and entering into the workforce."3

* set hiring quotas and controls.4

* funnel all future employment through "workforce delivery areas" called

"one-stop centers"   (assigns and delivers workers to wherever they are needed).

* prescribe diagnostic testing, skill testing, group and individual
counseling, retraining, remediation, rehabilitation... before and after
each job.5

* direct the workforce delivery areas through layers of administrators,
boards, regional center boards, reporting upward to governors and finally
to the federal "Interagency Group."

* give control of the workforce to the "Interagency group" led by the
appointed (not elected) Secretaries of the Departments of Labor, Education,
and Health and Human Services.

* create its own administrative judicial system which will consist of

"investigators, attorneys, and administrative LAW JUDGES" to carry out the
functions of the "The Workforce Development Partnership" or "Federal
Partnership." 6 (What happens to "balance of powers, if legal judgments
must conform to presidential appointees?)

* establish a "Job Corps Residency Program" with "allowances as the state
may determine to be necessary or appropriate."7

* replace the constitutional republic with a consensus-driven set of
regions ruled by impenetrable overlays of bureaucracy.
* force all employers to list all available jobs in central data banks.
(What happens to freedom to choose compatible employers?)

* mandate "Lifelong learning and continual upgrading of skills" (repeated
in bill). This would include molding attitudes to fit politically correct
gender standards.

* creates and funds "The National Center for Research and Education and
Workforce Development" to develop "new models for remediation of basic
academic skills, which models shall incorporate appropriate instructional
methods, rather than using rote and didactic methods."8

* replace traditional mother-at-home child care with federal child care
services.

* defines a "displaced homemaker" as "an adult who has worked as an adult
primarily without remuneration to care for the home and family, and for
that reason has diminished marketable skills."

*  destroy personal incentive by controlling the workplace, centralizing
job selection, limiting possibilities for creating new jobs, and
guaranteeing job security whether productive or not.

* force tax-payers to foot the limitless bill for all the new
bureaucracies, programs, technologies, facilities, and failures.

Marc Tucker (NCEE) summarized the process:
What is essential . . . is that we create a seamless web of opportunities
to develop one's skills that literally extends from cradle to grave and is
the same for everyone--young and old...a system of unending skill
development that begins in the home and continues through school,
post-secondary education and the workplace.9 HR 1617 amends  the
Wagner-Peyser Act  (1933)10 to bypass state legislatures by striking "a
State shall through its legislature" and
inserting "...the Governor of the State, through the collaborative process..."

"Why," asks education researcher Karen Holgate, "are Republicans promoting
legislation that tries to bypass state legislators and give extraordinary
power to the Governor?" HR 1617 repeals the School-to-Work Act, but
systematically recreates ALL of its programs and bureaucracies:

1. The National Workforce Development Board
2. State Workforce Development
3. Regional Workforce Development Boards
4. Local Workforce Development Boards
5. Literacy Plan developed through a "collaborative" process (group-think)
HR 1617 is already being implemented at state level. California's 1994
grant application to the U.S. Department of Labor for a One-Stop
CareerCenter System won $400,000. The official California framework for the
new workforce system states includes "four principles:"11

1. Integration: "Delivery systems will be built on collaborative efforts of
federal, state, and local partners in order to provide comprehensive,
non-duplicative service to the customer in a seamless  manner."

2. Comprehensiveness: "The array of services will be sufficient to meet the
employment and training needs of local customers including youth, long-term
unemployed, ... dislocated... and skilled workers..."

3. Customer Focus: "Clients will receive sufficient information to enable
them to exercise informed choices..."

4. Performance-based: "Accountability to achieve performance outcome
objectives..."

How it works:
STATE governor  appoints the State Workforce Council. It develops the plan
in compliance with federal mandates. LOCAL board  is tied into the National
Labor Market Information System (massive data base) that maintains a
complete listing of all available jobs, training programs, "certified
providers," and "supporting services" (transportation, daycare...), and a
complete dossier on every adult and childfrom birth. LOCAL Board  must
provide "comprehensive career guidance and counseling" for all. (involves
psychological profiling and evaluation).Each center is to provide "family
and consumer sciences" programs, defined as "instructional programs,
services, and activities which prepare students for personal, family,
community, and career roles."  [the "Complex Life Roles" of OBE.]

Meeting the politically correct national standards for workskills and
social attitudes is prerequisite for enrollment in ALL professional and
technical degree programs.  If you are a homeschooling family and your
school program doesn't meet the standard, your children will either face
"remediation", or become a second-class citizen expelled from the workforce
system.
	
"I believe there are more instances of the abridgment of the freedom of the
people by gradual and silent encroachment of those in power than by
violent and sudden usurpation." 	(James Madison, 1788)

What can we do?  Pray!  Resist at State and National level. Call your
representatives, senators, Bob Dole (202-224-6521) and Newt Gingrich
(202-225-4501). Ask them to kill this bill. Awaken, warn, and activate as
many friends and neighbors as possible.

Compiled by Berit Kjos (415-941-3228) with information from:
* Katie Levans, Educational Perspectives Seminars (206) 927-2763.
* Education researcher Karen Holgate, sponsor of California legislation to
prohibit psychological surveys in the classroom (619) 360-9949
* The National Citizens Alliance (207-725-8366)

To see how the proposed federal workforce system fits into the
international education system with its global beliefs and values, read
Brave New Schools by Berit Kjos.  Available through Christian bookstores or
call r 800-829-5646.

1Lifelong Education. HR 1617, Sec. 402, Subsec. (3)  (B): "Training for
parents on how to be their children's primary teacher and full partners in
the education of their children; (C) Parent literacy training; S143 Sec.
602 (3) (1) (B) - "Adult means an individual who is age 16 or older." Sec.
602 (3) (18) - "...older worker means an individual who is age 55 or
older."

2National Electronic Data Base. HR 1617, Sec. 107 (c) (4) "...unified and
linked computer systems..." Sec. 315 (b) (3) (A-F); Sec. 100 (f) (1) (F):
"such other measures of performance that the State may wish to collect."

3Workforce preparation for all. HR 1617, Title II - Youth Development; III
- Adult Employment and Training; IV - Adult Education & Family Literacy.

4Hiring quotas and controls. HR 1617 Sec. 315 (c) (4) (B) - "Linkage to
occupations in demand: Education and training services... shall be directly
linked to occupations for which there is a demand...."

5Diagnostic testing. HR 1617 Sec. 107 (f) (1) (B); Sec. 110 (f), Sec. 315
(b) (3) (A-F).

6Create its own judicial system. S143, Sec. 305 (d) (1).

7Job Corps Residency. S143, Sec. 221 (3) and 227 (b).

8"rather than using rote and didactic methods." S143, Sec. 304(B).

9"A Human Resource Development Plan for the United States"(1992); 2, 4.

10 HR 1617, Title I, Subtitle B, Sec. 131 & 132.

11 Building an Electronic Infrastructure for California's One-Stop System
(No publisher cited in entire book, November 1995),1.2.

++++++++++++++++++

Hillary Clinton: America's Munchhausen Mom
By Craige A. McMillan

HILLARY CLINTON'S HEALTHCARE poster child, Jennifer Bush, has been removed
from her mother's care by Florida child-abuse officials.

In August of 1994, at the urging of the Children's Defense Fund, First Lady
Hillary Clinton, a former fund officer, brought Jennifer and her mother,
Kathy Bush, to the White House to illustrate the need for
government-controlled healthcare. Young Jennifer had by then received 40
operations, 200 hospital visits, and $3 million in medical treatment during
her five-year life. Her persistent stomach problems had resulted in removal
of her gall bladder, her appendix, and portions of her intestines. Yet both
mother and daughter were already under investigation forfraud by Florida
officials when they were invited to the White House by Mrs. Clinton.

Florida prosecutors have now charged Mrs. Bush with torturing her child. A
40-page police affidavit details Mrs. Bush contaminating Jennifer's feeding
tubes, which had been surgically implanted in her stomach, with feces.
"Other than surgically implanted tubes, I know of no other illnesses,"
concluded Eli Newberger, a Harvard Medical School professor asked to study
the case. In addition to aggravated child  abuse, Mrs. Bush has been
charged with obtaining money by deception and spending money raised for
medical care on personal luxuries: a Harley-Davidson motorcycle, a vacation
in the Bahamas, and  swimming pool in her garden. She denies  the charges
and remains free on bail while Jennifer is in foster care. [Source: London
Times]
     _________________________

ANALYSIS & COMMENTARY: Experts in Munchhausen syndrome say Kathy Bush was a
perfect fit: A disturbed mother who makes herself the center of attention
by secretly hurting her child. She gained her medical knowledge as a former
office manager for a Coral Gables pediatrician, and constructed a series of
lies to mislead doctors treating Jennifer. While cases of Munchhausen are
rare, Kenneth Feldman, a doctor at Seattle's Childrens Hospital recently
recorded his 90th case. "These are usually people who have learned through
childhood a pattern of getting nurture and attention through doctors and
nurses and the health system," Dr. Feldman said. "Some mothers have gained
a lot of community support and publicity, being praised for their heroics
in looking after a suffering child, when really they initiated the
suffering." It is typical of Munchhausen that the mother seems oblivious to
the pain she is causing and will deny any wrongdoing if challenged. The
hospital has videotapes to support its claims.

WHAT KATHY BUSH did for her daughter, Jennifer -- Hillary Clinton would do
for America. The comparisons between the way Hillary's Healthcare Task
Force operated and young Jennifer's trials at the hands of her mother are
striking:

- A web of lies and deceit designed to mislead investigators digging for
the truth;

- Fabricated evidence;

- Suppression of the true facts;

- No concern for the effect of one's actions upon the victim or patient;

- No accountability for funds received from others;

- Complete denial when confronted with the evidence.

THE LIES of the left know no bounds. No personal tragedy is so great that
it cannot be exploited; no deception so cruel, no lie so vulgar that it
cannot yet serve the cause. For the extreme left in this country the facts
do not matter: their politics is their religion; government is their god.
And in the end, is the sacrifice of a little girl who is only five really
so very different than one yet unborn?

NO ONE during our age has suffered more from -- nor written more honestly
of -- the extreme left in America than Whittaker Chambers. In 1952 he
published Witness. In the introduction, written to his children, he
explains what was behind the Great Case:

"Communism is what happens when, in the name of Mind, men free themselves
from God. But its view of God, its knowledge of God, its experience of God,
is what alone gives character to a society or a nation, and meaning to its
destiny. Its culture, the voice of this character, is merely that view,
knowledge, experience, of God, fixed by its most intense spirits in terms
intelligible to the mass of men. There has never been a society or a nation
without God. But history is cluttered with the wreckage of nations that
became indifferent to God, and died."

 [Ed: Whittaker Chambers accused Alger Hiss, one of the Eastern governing
elite, of being a Communist spy. Chambers was reviled in the press and his
life ruined. The recently released Verona Intercepts from the National
Security Agency bear out his claim.]

     ========================

C O N S E R V A T I V E   C O N S E N S U S (tm)
     *****************************************************************
      Events * Analysis * Forecasts * Commentary * Readers' Opinions
     *****************************************************************
     N E W S   F L A S H   :::       World, National, Regional
                                                  Distribution: World
                                                   Editor's Desk
Copyright 1996 by Conservative Consensus, ISSN 1074-245X.

QUOTATION AND REDISTRIBUTION are permitted, for private, non-commercial
use, provided nothing is changed and our headers and trailers remain
intact. V2X26

GET THE FULL STORY: Our monthly Journal contains over 100 news events --
and accompanying analysis -- that have been spiked, suppressed, or ignored
by the government-sourced mainline media!

REQUEST A FREE CATALOG. Send email to cc@connect2000.com and put GET
CATALOG as the subject.

THE EDITORS are heard live nationally on the Eagle Radio Network. Satellite
receivers can pick us up every Saturday 11-noon PST on G2 or G6,
transponder 14, subaudio 1.57. Ask your local station's program manager to
carry Conservative Consensus Live. Have your station contact the Eagle
Radio Network at 802-485-4170.

     * ADVERTISING SUPPLEMENT * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
     *
     *                   UNDER THE TOWER OF BABEL
     *                              by
     *                        Dean Isaacson
     *
     * This book is about the INTERNATIONAL PARKS. It reviews the
     * history of government parks and the current movement to inter-
     * nationalize them. Property is at the center of the struggle for
     * liberty. The Magna Carta and Constitution have thus addressed
     * man's need to control his private estate.
     *
     * If you are interested in why the government bureaucracies
     * are working to ERODE OUR RIGHTS TO PROPERTY, you need to read
     * this book. You will then understand why and how they are
     * programming our children to ACCEPT THE STATE AS GOD. You will
     * read how science and education are changing to MOLD OUR
     * CHILDREN INTO COMPLIANCE with the state's objectives.
     *
     * What you read will disturb you -- but you will also discover
     * the only way out.
     *
     * Only $9.74 (includes shipping, handling, and tax).
     * Send check or money-order with delivery address to:
     * Cominus Books, P.O Box 707, Monroe, WA 98272.
     * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * END ADVERTISING SUPPLEMENT
     _________________________________________________________________

Conservative Consensus * cc@connect2000.com
     _________________________________________________________________










