PropheZine #62
Sunday August 2, 1998
Bob Lally Publisher
Mimi Nila Senior Editor
Rick Woodcock Asst. Editor
Abraham George Asst. Editor

ARTICLES
Shirley Ann Miller............. THE COVENANT - A PROMISE WRITTEN IN THE STARS
Tom Lamb.......................The Radical Pilgrim - Mother/Child deception 
Lambert Dolphin, Physicist............What Holds the Universe Together? 
R. g. Wallace........... WHEN ARMIES MOVE - Part 4
A Dissertation on Armageddon from the Prewrath View 
Hadyn Olsen...................DAVID AND GOLIATH - AN END-TIME VIEW
 
PROPHEZINE Commentaries
Curt Tomlin.The Christian Alert Network..The Microchip Implant 
John L. Terry, III & Rick Cogburn........Investing in the Year 2000

Lee Underwood ...................F.Y.I. - Israel in the News

George Sweeting...... How to Continue the Christian Life 
Terry Denbow..........For The Mind Set On The Flesh Is Death
*************************************
Hello to everyone,

The Lord has truly blessed this ministry with many wonderful, biblically based articles that will bless you and enlighten you to His love and desire for a personal relationship with you.  I pray that is your foremost goal in these end times, that your relationship with Jesus Christ will be #1 on your daily agenda.

We are changing the format somewhat of the newsletter.  The newsbytes will be handled by John Terry and his staff.  What we are adding in place of the newsbytes are commentaries and recent developments in the world which relate to the end times and prophecy.  We hope you will not be dissappointed.  Please feel free to e-mail Bob Lally or myself with any comments or suggestions about the newsletter contents.  
The 7 attributes of God showing that God is the One who controls all things and grants all wisdom and might:
Daniel 2:20:23: Daniel answered and said: 
"Blessed be the name of God forever and ever, 
For wisdom and might are His.
And He changes the times and the seasons; 
He removes kings and raises up kings; 
He gives wisdom to the wise 
And knowledge to those who have understanding.
He reveals deep and secret things; 
He knows what is in the darkness, 
And light dwells with Him.
"I thank You and praise You, 
O God of my fathers; 
You have given me wisdom and might, 
And have now made known to me what we asked of You, 
For You have made known to us the king's demand."
Pressing on for Him,
In His Service,
Mimi Nila 
Mnila@ibm.net
************************************
THE COVENANT - A PROMISE WRITTEN IN THE STARS
(c) Shirley Ann Miller 1992, 1997     All Rights Reserved
This research project has been an ongoing study for the past five years. It is composed of a compilation of historical data evidenced from Old Testament references. All excerpts are from a published manuscript

Is it possible that long before astrology, cults, the occult, the gospel in the stars, the four temperament theory, the Greek, Egyptian, Persian, and Babylonian scholars and priests, G-d gave to early mankind an intended reasoning behind His plan for creating the stars?  Could it be possible that His plan became corrupted after the Great Flood when people came down from the mountain to settle in the Plain of Shinar?  You have probably read all types of interpretations that indicate G-d had an original purpose that later became distorted. Both the Bible and history prove this to be true, and my research into this subject also says, "Yes!" Many early scholars believe this to be true also, Vallancy concurs with this when he writes, "...the plan of Pagan Religion is the same everywhere from antediluvian astronomy transmitted through Noah"(1).

Is it possible the real meaning of the stars, planets, and constellations has been disguised, hindered, and corrupted for thousands of years? If you were to read Old Testament references alone, beginning with the idolatrous sins of Babylon, it becomes obvious that generation after generation received a distorted message of divination that has almost totally disguised the real purpose for the constellations. For this reason, G-d spoke through the prophets to declare punishment on the Babylonians, among others, and those who corrupted and reinterpreted His true message (Isaiah 13).

Remember: The truth is so valuable, the counterfeit must surround it with lies!

This corruption resulted in the worship of nature, the planets, and all forms of idolatry. Early man followed numerous elemental deities rather than one, Supreme G-d. G-d chose a people who were given a Promise bound by YAOHU UL's (archaic Hebrew) Word to be set apart from all others. They were to worship only one G-d, and given a Covenant Promise written in the Mosaic Law, but also mapped in the stars for all people on earth to observe.

In the same day the Lord made a covenant with Abraham, saying, Unto thy seed have I given this land, from the river of Egypt unto the great river, the river Euphrates (Genesis 15:18).

Did you know that G-d gave something to prove through the Hebrew Tanakh (Old Testament) and through His act of creation, not only the truth of His Word, but also the truth of His Covenant Promise to Abraham? "And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse them that curseth thee: and in thee shall all families of the earth be blessed." (Gen 12:3).

"...the Lord made a covenant with Abram, saying, Unto thy seed have I given this land..." (Gen 15:18). The "everlasting covenant" (Gen 17:7) is for Abraham and his seed after him: "...all the land of Canaan, for an everlasting possession..." (Gen 17:8). This was a distinct message given to the children of Abraham. G-d revealed to Abraham his descendants would be as the number of the stars - countless (Genesis 15:5).

THE TWELVE TRIBES OF ISRAEL

Jacob prophesied over his 12 sons, "...and this is it that their father spoke unto them, and blessed them, every one according to his blessing he blessed them" (Gen 49:28), and as when 'hearkened' to Joseph, "...by the G-d of thy father, who shall help thee; and by the Almighty, who shall bless thee with blessings..." (Gen 49:25).

For many years I've read and heard of the association between the 12 tribes of Israel and the 12 signs of the zodiac. The Old Testament references 12 tribes and the New Testament refers to 12 Apostles. Is it by coincidence there are 12 signs of the zodiac in correlation with the 12 tribes of Israel?

Many people have found it to be very confusing when every example showing these two combinations revealed a completely different interpretation. No consistency could be found in any examples I've studied, other than the fact they used the 12 tribes in conjunction with the 12 signs of the zodiac.

Both the Hebrew Tanakh and the Christian Old Testament Bible tell of the descendants of one of the 12 sons of Jacob (Genesis 49). Jacob had 13 children: 12 sons and 1 daughter named Dinah (Num. 2:47; 3:4). The sons were once known as the children of Israel - Israelites, and/or the sons of Jacob. They were: Reuben, Simeon, Levi, Judah, Issachar, Zebulun, Joseph, Benjamin, Gad, Asher, Dan, and Naphtali; but the 12 territorial tribes were different than the named sons of Jacob. Jacob also blessed the two sons of Joseph (Manasseh and Ephraim), and they were blessed as founders of tribes in Israel (rather than Joseph), and they inherited territory in the Promised Land (Num. 26:53-55). The Levites were given free reign within 48 cities, and considered a tribe of priests rather than a territorial tribe (Num. 35:7-8). God confirmed His promise to Jacob in the Bible: "...and give thee the blessing of Abraham, to thee, and to thy seed with thee; that thou mayest inherit the land..." (Gen 28:4). It was again confirmed in Genesis 35:12.

To the Jewish people and throughout the Bible, Jerusalem is considered to be the "center of the Earth. "And as Jerusalem is portrayed as the center of the Earth so it is considered to be typified in the heavens as the center of G-d's kingdom. This can be evidenced in New Testament references as the "New Jerusalem" coming down from heaven (Rev. 3:12; 7:1; 10; 21:1-2; 22:14-15). Jerusalem shall be called the throne of G-d, "...and all the nations shall be gathered unto it, to the name of the Lord, to Jerusalem..." (Jer. 3:17).

THE MARKING OF TIME

G-d gave to early man a heavenly "time-piece" or "clock" which marked the changes in seasons, and these were most noted in the placement of the Equinox and Solstice positions. The zodiac is a belt containing the ecliptic (the apparent circular path of the sun). The earth spins very slowly toward the East which results in a rotation of the celestial sphere toward the West. The Equinox points move in a retrograde or backward motion--just like the hands of a clock. The Spring Equinox appears to travel backwards (or to precede) through the constellations, and the signs of the zodiac move with the Equinox. During Abraham's lifetime, the constellation of Taurus (Spring Equinox) resided at the zero degree ecliptic. Most importantly, the Equinox and Solstice positions were originally intended as positional, directional, and seasonal mapping. The corruption, or distortion, occurred with the interpretation of the zodiac signs through divination rather than the constellations.

Long before our sophisticated guidance systems and hi-tech computer technology, ancient seafarers navigated by the stars. The Equinox and Solstice points came to be known as the four "royal" stars. Four of the brightest stars of the first magnitude in the heavens. Regulus (Alpha Leonis) in Leo; Fomalhaut (Alpha Piscis Austrini), the Southern Fish in Pisces Austranus/Aquarius, a sea-farer's navigational star; Aldebaran (Alpha Tauri) in Taurus, and Antares (Alpha Scorpii) in Scorpius.  These four bright stars were considered "great" because of their navigational use, and during the time of Israelites Exodus from Egypt, were mapped out in the heavens in the same four constellations that mark the Equinox and Solstice points. These star positions occurred between 4,000 and 2,000 B.C.E., as follows:

Spring Equinox - Taurus (approx. March 21)
Summer Solstice - Leo (approx. June 21)
Autumn Equinox - Scorpius (approx. Sept 21)
Winter Solstice - Aquarius (approx. Dec 21)

These four star groupings started out as directional, positional and as guidance for the children of Israel's possession of the Promised Land. These four stars also became misinterpreted by reinterpreting them in divinational practices and all sorts of pseudo-science, occult, and astrological meanings that eventually passed down through history.

The heavens were originally apportioned geographically and navigationally, but instead of following the stars for outward guidance, early civilizations began to follow them for inward guidance.

They sacrificed unto devils, not to G-d; to gods whom they knew not, to new gods that came newly up whom your fathers feared not (Deut. 32:17).

The four "royal" stars were changed from their original purpose by reinterpreting them as "guiding stars" rather than "star guides."  They became sources and objects of worship, an attempt at inward guidance, rather than what G-d originally intended as their purpose. According to Biblical references, these four royal stars were the ensigns used as the standards indicating the tribes of Israel. They were also intended as markers for the boundary divisions of the 12 tribes of Israel as a geographical inheritance.

When the Most High divided to the nations their inheritance, when he separated the sons of Adam, he set the bounds of the people according to the number of the children of Israel (Deut. 32:8).

FOUR STANDARDS

When you read where Moses blessed the tribes of Israel, the blessings are obviously associated with "location" as in "directional" and "residential" (Num. 33). This is a wondrous discovery because of the significance in revealing G-d's hand moving miraculously through heavenly signs.

If you recall, after their exodus from Egypt (Exodus 12:29-36) the camps were divided into four divisions with three tribes in each division as they marched through the wilderness (Num. 2:2). The three tribes were known by the "standard," "banner," or "ensign" of one of the four main divisions. Remember: This is very important because they didn't march under separate standards--"one standard" per camp (Num. 2:3,10,18,25):  "...and on the East side toward the rising of the sun were they of the standard of the camp of Judah pitch throughout their armies" (Num. 2:2). For instance, Judah, Issachar, and Zebulun marched "first" together from the East (Num. 2:9; 10:14-36; 26; 1 Chron. 2:8) under Judah's standard (the lion of Leo) (Numbers 26; 1 Chron 2:8).

***What you will find completely astounding is the fact that the "standard" or "ensign" of each three-group division was marked by their eventual position in the Promised Land.

If you were to look at the same division of camps marked as a map among the stars or "constellations" of the four corners of the heavens (not zodiac signs), you would see Leo, Taurus, Aquarius, and Scorpius; or represented as the standard of the tribe of Judah, Reuben, Ephraim, and Dan. As for directional purposes, out of the "four corners of the earth," the East (kedem) took preeminence meaning "before or the front" in association with mizrach or "sunrise"--East, then being "the front."

***The general layout of the 12 tribes encampment and the Tabernacle represent an earthly design of God's house in the heavens.

Balaam saw these same "4" standards when he refers to the tribes and their "4" ensigns in Numbers 24:1-2: "...And Balaam lifted up his eyes; and he saw Israel abiding in his tents according to their tribes..." (see also Num. 25:19). No other specific Biblical association can be directly associated from Scripture in connecting the eight remaining tribes with the constellations (or signs of the zodiac).

What we find in the four banners or ensigns of Israel (Leo/Aquarius, Taurus/Scorpio), are the promises of God for an inheritance of land (Genesis 28:4).

Look at the ATTACHMENT at the end of this article, and you will understand more completely this explanation. Print out the ATTACHMENT. Take the ATTACHMENT and place it in front of you with the graph facing outward and look into a mirror. You will see Judah is now on the opposite side. If you were looking down from heaven observing the earth, for instance, from the pole star of the ancients, Thubin, you would observe a similar map. If you compare this map to an ancient map of the 12 tribes you will see it fits identically into the territorial tribe descriptions of the ancient Israelites! The ancient Israelites didn't have the space ships, satellites, telescopes, or astronomical devices as we do today to observe earth from heaven, so this map had to originate from a Higher Source of One who knows and then given to ancient mankind thousands of years ago. Interestingly, when looking at the chart, Jerusalem is considered to be the center of the universe and is close to the centermost position on the chart.

Moses commanded the children of Israel, saying, "This is the land which ye shall inherit by lot, which the Lord commanded to give unto the nine tribes, and to the half tribe" (Numbers 34:13). Reuben, Gad, and the half tribe of Manasseh "have received their inheritance" (Numbers 34:14).

Unto these the land shall be divided for an inheritance according to the number of names. To many thou shalt give the more inheritance, and to few thou shalt give the less inheritance: to every one shall his inheritance be given according to those that were numbered of him. Notwithstanding the land shall be divided by lot: according to the names of the tribes of their fathers they shall inherit (Num. 26:53).

What you will see evidenced in both scripture and the heavens, is the proof of G-d's Covenant. The Bible reveals a symbolic design of the heavenly Jerusalem in the stars, just as the earthly Jerusalem was depicted in the stars. How did G-d systematically organize millions of people into one massive movement? Without trains, planes, or automobiles, how would you categorize them in groups to effectively move them from one place to another? If you wandered through the desert, what signposts would you use? We can eliminate street maps, road signs, or any other earthly roadmaps, because the desert is simply tons and tons, miles and miles of endless "sand." Just as in the great oceans of the world, early captains of the sea navigated by means of the stars; in the desert without landmarks, nomadic tribes navigated by the position of the stars, also. YAOHU UL led Israel through His miraculous wonders and also through His signposts of nature (Exodus 13:21-22).

When the children of Israel left Egypt on their Exodus, which way were they headed? Their ultimate destination was in the direction of the Promised Land: "When ye blow an alarm, then the camps that lie on the east parts shall go forward...In the first place went the standard of the camp of the children of Judah...Thus, were the journeyings of the children of Israel according to their armies..." (Numbers 10:5, 14, 28). The children of Israel entered the Promised Land over the Jordan River traveling from the East toward the West (Josh. 3; Rev. 7:2).

The early Israelites were a desert, nomadic people (Deut. 32:10), and what YAOHU UL masterfully gave Israel, as a "sign" in the heavens, was a seasonal, navigational, and triangular farming map utilizing a formula for early mathematical science and precursor of physics. This circular map represented the heavens and exhibited a cyclic period of time revealing the true time-periods of the lunar/solar year. Even more than this, G-d gave the Israelites a map of Israel written in the stars of heaven. This can be evidenced in an example for the standard of Reuben and each of the four standards of the 12 tribes. Reuben marched from the South with the promise to inherit land East of Jordan as cattle farmers, and Reuben's standard bore "the bull or ox" (Num. 2:10; 32:1).

>From this explanation it becomes easier to understand further Jacob's blessings bestowed upon Judah as the holder of the sceptre, and through the Davidic line, a fulfillment of the prophecy through the descendants of David, and the coming of the promised Messiah, "...behold, the Lion of the tribe of Juda, the Root of David, hath prevailed to open the book..." (Rev. 5:5). Could it be possible Regulus (Alpha Leonis) in Leo is the star of the Magi, "...for we have seen His star..." (Matthew 2:2)?

Also in brief, you will observe the tribal ensigns described in Ezekiel's vision of the Temple interior and the cherub faces: "...So that the face of a man was toward the palm tree on the one side..." (heavenly description of Pisces Austranus/Aquarius, the man, the West) "and the face of a young lion toward the palm tree on the other side..." (Regulus, Alpha Leonis, the lion, the East) (Ez. 41:19). "...Afterward he brought me to the gate, even the gate that looketh toward the east. And, behold, the glory of the God of Israel came from the way of the east..." (Ez. 43:2).

>From this association to the constellations, it becomes clear how this message was corrupted and how the 12 tribes of Israel came to be associated with the 12 signs of the zodiac in astrology. Thus, the interpretation of the 12 tribes of Israel began to be related to their "personalities" associated with the "powers" operating through the 12 signs of the zodiac rather than the "blessings" or "geography" that was originally intended in purpose and meanings. Originally, the Solstice and Equinox points were used to mark the change in seasons for planting and harvesting, for the calving and lambing of their flocks, the length of day and night, and used with the corresponding stars in the heavens as a "compass" to mark directional orientation; i.e., North, South, East, and West. As the Book of Proverbs explains, "He set a compass upon the face of the depth."

By understanding the symbolism contained within the original meaning for the stars and constellations enables us to further understand the meanings within the Book of Isaiah, Ezekiel, Daniel, Revelation, etc. This is a very important discovery not only for Biblical history but also for prophecy.

ATTACHMENT

                           DAN

                            I
                            I
                            I
                            I
                            I
EPHRAIM  _ _ _ _ _ _  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ JUDAH

                            I
                            I
                            I
                            I
                            I

                          REUBEN

References:

(1) Vallancy, "Oriental Collections," trans Graves, 1862.

(c) 1997 Shirley Ann Miller      All Rights Reserved
This material may not be copied, reproduced, or published in any form or manner without permission of the author.
Shirley Ann Miller is a Prophezine Alliance Member at www.PropheZine.com
For further info: sammie@traveller.com
************************************
The Radical Pilgrim 
By Tom Lamb
For we can do nothing against the truth, but for the truth.
1st Corinthians 13:8

Mother/Child deception   
Disclaimer: 
  
Before we get into this next article we need to make it very clear from the beginning that in no way does it intend to demean or slur the beautiful God given natural affection between a mother and child.  What we intend doing is exposing the spiritual promotion of a feminine deity, with her child/partner, replacing God as our Father/Creator, paving the way for the son of perdition to be enthroned upon the earth. 

  
Substituting Father/Son: 

God is who He is, a masculine deity, who begot a masculine son.  Lucifer, who perverted himself through vanity and became a bi-sexual demigod, promoting the New Age Father/Mother god, or Parent god (without gender), to confuse the role of man so that there would be a break down of biblically based order on the earth.  This would undermine the democratic system based on these principles, and create an excuse to introduce a new Draconian system.  In other words; an imposed replacement called the New World Order.  The whole idea was to get man focused on the image of another god so that Lucifer could sneak in behind and receive worship for himself. 

To carry out this subtle plan he has had to corrupt the Word of God (2 Cor. 2:17) so that society would have no firm foundation to base its principles on.  Today, during this post reformation era, the god of this age is using the modern translations (the watering down process) to prepare the world for the New Age translation where God is gender less. The breaking down period begins when the role of man is put into question ... no Father figure, then no family structure, and then society begins to degenerate.  This is where the Plan (satanic conspiracy for a new controlled order) kicks in, along with a contingency "safety net" put in place.  This is why society has become so materialistic.  With lot's of easy accessible goodies,  from fast foods to luxury items; such as electronic goods, to redundancy packages and tax cuts, cushioning the break-down into a form of controlled anarchy. 

As mentioned, the conditioning for this is brought about by Lucifer getting mans eyes of the true and living God onto a unisex (or bi-sexual) god, where God is no longer the Creator who made man first, followed by Eve as a help-mate, before mankind degenerated by the Fall.  This way man no longer thinks in terms of creation by a Creator, but in terms of a force called Mother Nature (also known as Lady Luck in superstitious circles, Luc(k) short for Lucifer, as is Lucy in other circles), nurturing her evolving world/universe. 

Therefore, the Father/Son relationship pictured in scripture as the basis for divine order, is replaced with the heathen Mother/Child image (easily interchanged with Parent/Child) as the basis for rebellion against the divine order.  The Father/Son relationship (the preserved line of inheritance & order) is based on the intimacy between God & His Son.  The scene in the New Testament of the intimacy of Jesus & John, or Jesus blessing the children,  is a picture representing the Believers close walk with God the Father. 
  

History repeating itself: 

The relationship between God the Father and God the Son has been from the beginning.

The Mother/Child idea came from Babel.  The Devil invented this scheme so that it would lead the world away from remembering the Flood, and henceforth, forgetting the Creator.  So when Nimrod (Satan's man to lead the world away from God) was killed by Shem the son of Noah, his wife Semiramis announced at the birth of her new son that God had raised Nimrod from the dead.  After calling her son Tammuz, and raising him in up in an incest relationship with herself, she married Tammuz (her son) as co-deliverer of mankind, declaring herself as the Queen of Heaven, Mother of God. 

When God brought judgement on Babel and scattered mankind across the face of the earth, under a
mixture of different languages creating various races, man took this cult system with him (religion has always been in the exporting business).  Today in most cultures and religions this Mother/Child cult survives, denying man access to the one and only true living God. 
  

Nature worship: 

Now that the Bible has been changed in this age, allowing God to be de-sexed, the base has been set to introduce this new world religion.  It is now just a matter of convincing the world that God is no longer an invented He-god who punishes well meaning people and imperfect humans, but a warm compelling force who wants to do everyone only good.  Once mankind is conditioned into this new reasoning, the old order based on Judaic/Christian values will naturally dispel into the past. 

Therefore, it will only be a matter of time when Gods plumb line, the book that ushered in the Reformation (where the Church/State System collapsed - cancelling out the Dark Ages), namely the King James Bible, will be blacklisted as a hindrance to human progress along with the awkward non-compliants (dum-dee- dum-dum!  That's us; Bible Believers!) who follow the Book. 

Lucifer worship (of the" Parent" god) will be publicly accepted through reverencing Mother Earth / Mother Nature.  This will suit everyone ... environmentalists, evolutionists, modernists, liberals, feminists, gays, witches, eastern thinkers, the lodges, the cabalists, the catholics and orthodox goers (maryology), and even neo-evangelical and charismatics who believe the Holy Spirit to be the feminine side of God (this makes it impossible for God the Father begetting His Son).  Lucifer, manifested through a world leader, will be given the right to openly set up his throne on earth,  just like Hitler was made Fruehrer by a land-slide majority in Germany during the early thirties. 
  

Cashless global economy: 

Because this present system relies on the exchange of money to exist, and because man loves money more than God, a new system of electronic money replacing cash will be used to bring this Luciferian society into being.  For without a means of buying, selling, or trading, unless you are locked into this system, people will not be able to function and thereby will be compelled to comply. 

And the chip implant in the hand mentioned a couple of weeks ago in  Times magazine   replacing the smart card, will be the final step in man giving allegiance to Lucifer.  For without it, in practical terms, 
no one will be able to survive unless you're putting your complete trust in the living God through His Son Jesus. 

There is much debate in Christian circles whether Y2K (the computer millennian bug) will be the big excuse used to collapse the old monetary system in order to bring in a new hard and fast 'tight sealed' cashless society.  Whether it virtually happens over night by a major global collapse such as in Germany during the twenties, or on a more gradual slide (like what's happening at present) remains to be seen.  But it will happen!  The Bible says it will!  Are we ready for the worst?  Are we on the brink of something big and shocking, being only comparable with the days of Babel and Peleg, when God scattered the whole human race and divided  the continents!? 

There is no doubt God is going to divide the earth again!  There will be the sheep and their Chief Shepherd in one camp, and the goats with their hirelings in the other.  There will be a radical difference between those who will stand for Him and those who will be indifferent to the truth.  Even as I write this a great  chasm is beginning to appear between those who worship Him and those who will pay homage to Mother Earth.  We are on the brink right now!  It is upon us! 
http://home.clear.net.nz/pages/tlamb/
************************************
Physics and the Bible: 
What Holds the Universe Together?
by Lambert Dolphin, Physicist 

Is our universe expanding or static? If it is expanding, is there sufficient mass to cause it all to collapse back in upon itself under gravity's influence? If the universe is static and not now expanding, is it stable? 

What holds it all together-if anything? 
These are questions gaining more attention these days as our knowledge data base in astronomy and astrophysics increases, and old brought into question. There theories are is much that can be said about these questions from the Biblical revelation. 

New Testament References 
Several separate passages in the New Testament make reference to the creation of the universe. For example, John's gospel speaks of an earlier state of existence than is described in Verse 1 of Genesis: 

"In the beginning was the Word, [logos] and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. He was in the beginning with God; [i.e., before creation] all things were made through him, and without him was not anything made that was made." John 1:1-3 

This passage teaches that Jesus was eternally existent with God the Father prior to the creation of "all things." There was a time when our material and spiritual universe did not exist. It had a definite beginning.
But before that, God was. In fact, God is-because time itself was created by God. 

Chapter One of Paul's Epistle to the Colossians gives a further description of the role of Jesus in creation, consistent with that of John's gospel: 

[Jesus] is the image of the invisible God, the first-born [prototokos] of all creation; for in him all things were created, in heaven and on earth, visible and invisible, whether thrones or dominions or principalities or authorities [these words in Greek refer to the hierarchical angelic powers]-all things were created through him and for him. He is before all things, and in him all things hold together. Colossians 1:15-17 

The Holy Spirit, in giving us this inspired passage of Scripture, explains that all things (both visible and invisible) in the entire universe were created through this same Jesus, the eternal Word. We may think of the universe and its intricate design as being conceived in the mind of the Father, then spoken into existence by the Son (who makes the invisible, visible). The Holy Spirit is the One who energizes and supplies life to the creation, not only at the time of creation but also moment by moment after that. 

We are also told that all things were created for Jesus. He is "the heir of all things." That means that we are house guests in Someone Else's universe! This implies a future accountability for all of us-history is headed somewhere-at the end of the road stands Jesus, to whom all power and authority has already been given (see John 5:22-29). 

A. W. Tozer, Pastor at Moody Bible Church in Chicago some 50 years ago, once wrote of this as follows: 

The teaching of the New Testament is that now, at this very moment, there is a Man in heaven appearing in the presence of God for us. He is as certainly a man as was Adam or Moses or Paul; he is a man glorified, but his glorification did not de-humanize him. Today he is a real man, of the race of mankind, bearing our lineaments and dimensions, a visible and audible man, whom any other man would recognize instantly as one of us. 

But more than this, he is the heir of all things, Lord of all lords, head of the church, firstborn of the new creation. He is the way to God, the life of the believer, the hope of Israel, and the high priest of every true worshiper. He holds the keys of death and hell, and stands as advocate and surety for everyone who believes on him in truth. Salvation comes not by accepting the finished work, or deciding for Christ; it comes by believing on the Lord Jesus Christ, the whole, living, victorious Lord who, as God and man, fought our fight and won it, accepted our debt as his own and paid it, took our sins and died under them, and rose again to set us free. This is the true Christ; nothing less will do. 

All Things "Hold Together" 
One of the key words in the Colossians passage above ("...and in Christ all things hold together") is the Greek word sunistemi which means "to stand-together," "to be compacted together," "to cohere," "to be constituted with." 

This passage can be applied to the structure of the atom, for example.
The nucleus of every atom is held together by what physicists call "weak" and "strong" forces. 

[Physicists today are familiar with four basic forces in the natural world:
gravity and electrical forces, plus a "strong" and a "weak" nuclear force.
The first two forces decrease in strength inversely with the square of the distance between two objects; the latter two forces act only at very short ranges.] 

The nucleus of the atom contains positively charged and neutral particles-to use a simplistic model. Mutual electrostatic repulsion between the like-positive protons would drive the nucleus apart if it were not for the "strong force" which binds the nucleus together. 

There is thus an active force imposed on the universe, which actively holds the very atoms of the material world together moment by moment, day by day, century by century. 

Similarly, accelerated electrons circling the nucleus should quickly radiate all their energy away and fall into the nucleus unless there exists an invisible energy source to counteract this. 

The third New Testament creation-related passage which talks about atomic structure and physics is found in the Apostle Peter's Second Epistle: 

But the day of the Lord will come like a thief, and then the heavens will pass away with a loud noise [rhoizedon, a rushing roar] and the elements [stoicheion, atoms] will be dissolved with fire and the earth and the works that are upon it will be burned up. 2 Peter 3:10 The Greek word translated "elements" in the above mentioned passage from Colossians (and in 2 Peter also) is stoicheion, which can mean "the building blocks of the universe," or "the ordered arrangement of things." It can also mean the "atomic elements." The word translated "dissolved" in 2 Peter 3:10 is literally (in Greek) luo, meaning "unloosed." This language suggests that there will come a time in the future when God lets go of the nuclear forces which hold the atom together. This passage, like the one in Colossians, strongly suggests that the active power of God is behind the mysterious strong force that holds every atomic nucleus together. If this is so, all the other fundamental forces of nature are likewise forces that originate with Christ and His sustaining direction of the old creation. 

Sustaining the Universe 
If God "sustains the universe by His mighty word of power," moment by moment, were He to merely relax His grasp on the universe, every atom would come apart "by fire" (that is, by nuclear fire). It is inescapable that the Bible claims that God dynamically sustains the universe, including the very atoms themselves. Atoms, it would seem, are "stable" only because force and energy are being supplied into their physical nuclear binding fields from "outside" the system. 

Whatever we may think of God and physics, the Bible leaves us with no room to doubt that God does care about the sparrow that falls to the ground, the widow, the orphan, and the homeless. He does not lose track of His children and watches over them with infinite, patient, intimate Fatherly care. Not only does He sustain the universe by His mighty word of power, God also alters the status quo from time to time and, in response to prayer, frequently changes the course of entire nations. In a future day his intrusive reinterven-tion will be very radical indeed. 

Another important claim of Scripture about the old creation is that God is the present Sustainer of the universe. That is, He is not uninvolved, remote, detached and impersonal-leaving things to run by themselves by any means. 

Among secular scientists today there are many who acknowledge that God exists. But He is usually considered as only a First Cause-the One who brought the universe into existence and set it into motion. But most of these same scientists assume God was not involved after the initial act of creation. 

This is contrary to clear statements in the Bible that God is very much involved in every event that takes place in the ongoing history of the entire universe. Causality links everything together, because God "works (Gr: energizes) all things according to the counsel of His will." (Ephesians 1:11.) 

The opening verses of the Letter to the Hebrews give us another New Testament picture of God's role in the creation: 

[But] in the last of these days He has spoken to us in [the person of a]
Son, Whom He appointed Heir and lawful Owner of all things, also by and through Whom He created the worlds and the reaches of space and the ages of time-[that is] [He made, produced, built, operated, and arranged them in order]. He is the sole expression of the glory of God-[the Light-being, the out-raying or radiance of the divine],-and He is the perfect imprint and very image of [God's] nature, upholding and maintaining and guiding and propelling the universe by His mighty word of power..." Hebrews 1:2-3 (Amplified Bible) 

A fifth great New Testament passage concerning Jesus and His place in creation is found in Revelation Chapter 1: 

"I am the Alpha and the Omega," says the Lord God, who is and who was and who is to come, the Almighty. I John, your brother, who share with you in Jesus the tribulation and the kingdom and the patient endurance, was on the island called Patmos on account of the word of God and the testimony of Jesus. I was in the Spirit on the Lord's day, and I heard behind me a loud voice like a trumpet... When I saw him, I fell at his feet as though dead. But he laid his right hand upon me, saying, "Fear not, I am the first and the last, and the living one; I died, and behold I am alive for evermore, and I have the keys of Death and Hades." Revelation 1:8-10,17-18 

Here Jesus is called "the Alpha and Omega," "the First and the Last." Not only is Jesus the Son of God to be found at the beginning of history, He also stands at the end of history and at the end of every life. He is the Judge of all, and He is the heir of all things. 

Science and the Bible 
Truth from science must in the long run agree with Biblical revelation-if the Bible is true. If the Bible "says what it means and means what it says" (to quote Chuck Missler) then it is Jesus who holds the universe in his hands just as the old American folk spiritual says. 

Our moment-by-moment existence depends on His gracious sustenance of every electron, every atom, every molecule and every spiritual entity as well. We are safe when we place our trust in Him and put our whole lives into His hands! Can we not then stand in awe of our great God and Creator, along with the Psalmist who wrote: 

"O come, let us sing to the LORD; let us make a joyful noise to the rock of our salvation! Let us come into his presence with thanksgiving; let us make a joyful noise to him with songs of praise! For the LORD is a great God, and a great King above all gods. In his hand are the depths of the earth; the heights of the mountains are his also. The sea is his, for he made it; for his hands formed the dry land. O come, let us worship and bow down, let us kneel before the LORD, our Maker! For he is our God, and we are the people of his pasture, and the sheep of his hand. O that today you would hearken to his voice!" Psalm 95:1-7 

Next month, God willing, we'll look further at this subject in a discussion of theories of the vacuum, and the interaction between the material creation and the invisible, intangible (but very real) spiritual world which God has also created around us and within which the material world is embedded. 

by Lambert Dolphin, Physicist Web Site: www.ldolphin.org 

This article was first published in the January 1997 edition of Personal Update. 
Visit Website at http://www.khouse.org
Special Offer...From Kononia House FREE for one year!
Personal UPDATE is read by over 200,000 Christians each month ... find out why! The Source for Christian Intelligence. Biblical Relevance of Current Events. Information derived from public and private sources. Provocative insights into the Bible. 32 pages of wide ranging topics - Prophecy, Scientific, Personal Stewardship, Textual Insights, God's Love. Take us up on this offer!

This offer is limited to first-time subscribers in the U.S., Canada,
Australia, and Western Europe. For outside areas, the cost is $40/year.

You can call us at 1-800-KHOUSE-1, or write Koinonia House, P.O Box D,
Coeur d'Alene,ID 83816
************************************* 
WHEN ARMIES MOVE 
Part 4 
A Dissertation on Armageddon from the Pre-wrath Perspective 
By R. g. Wallace 

THE DAY OF THE LORD 

Returning to Isaiah 13, at verses 7-8, we see the reaction of people to the ARRIVAL of the Day of the LORD. According to verse 6, the Day will come as destruction from the Almighty. 
Paul tells us at 1 Thes. 5:2-3, 

"The Day of the Lord will come just like a theif in the night. 
While they are saying, 'Peace and safety!' 
then destruction will come upon them suddenly 
like birth pangs upon a woman with child; 
and they shall not escape." 

When the Day of the Lord SIGNS occur and people SEE the sign of the Son of Man, they will then know that the wrath of the Lamb has arrived. Thus, the reaction recorded at verses 7-8 as well as at Mat. 24:30; Luke 21:25-26 and Rev. 6:15-16. 

Isa. 13:7-8, 
"Therefore all hands will fall limp, And every man's heart will melt. 

And they will be terrified, Pains and anguish will take hold of {them}; 
They will writhe like a woman in labor, 
They will look at one another in astonishment, Their faces aflame." 

Luke 21:25-26, 
"And there will be signs in sun and moon and stars, 
and upon the earth dismay among nations, 
in perplexity at the roaring of the sea and the waves, 
men fainting from fear and the expectation of the things 
which are coming upon the world; 
for the powers of the heavens will be shaken." 

Matt. 24:30, 
"And then the sign of the Son of Man will appear in the sky, 
and then all the tribes of the earth will mourn, 
and they will see the SON OF MAN COMING ON THE CLOUDS OF THE SKY 
with power and great glory." 

Rev. 6:15-16, 
"And the kings of the earth and the great men and the commanders 
and the rich and the strong and every slave and free man, 
hid themselves in the caves and among the rocks of the mountains; 
and they said to the mountains and to the rocks, 
"Fall on us and hide us from the presence of Him who sits on the throne, 
and from the wrath of the Lamb." 


Isa. 13:9, "Behold, the day of the LORD is coming, Cruel, with fury and burning anger, To make the land a desolation; And He
will exterminate its sinners from it." 

The Day of the Lord has a beginning point and from that point, judgment (fury and burning anger) will be expressed with the
intent "to make the land a desolation," and judge the sinners. 

DURING THE DAY 

Isa. 13:10, For the stars of heaven and their constellations Will not flash forth their light; The sun will be dark when it rises, And
the moon will not shed its light. 

This introduces an explanation. However, it is not an explanation of the signs that announce the arrival of the Day of the Lord, for the phrase "The sun will be dark WHEN IT RISES," indicates a PERIOD of time that is characterized by darkness, rather than a sudden event manifested in the sun, moon and stars. It seems better that this refers to the general "conditions" manifested via the 4th trumpet judgment as recorded at Rev. 8:12, 

"And the fourth angel sounded, 
and a third of the sun and a third of the moon 
and a third of the stars were smitten, 
so that a third of them might be darkened 
and the day might not shine for a third of it, 
and the night in the same way." 

This "general" condition of losing 1/3 of the daylight and 1/3 of the natural light at nighttime portend the three remaining WOES of judgment that are to come on the earth. 

Rev. 8:13, 
"And I looked, and I heard an eagle flying in midheaven, 
saying with a loud voice, "Woe, woe, woe, 
to those who dwell on the earth, 
because of the remaining blasts of the trumpet of the three angels 
who are about to sound!" 

The first woe will be torment on the sinners of the world via the demon horde from the abyss (Rev. 9:1-11). 
The second woe will be the killing of 1/3 of the earths population via the invasion of the Northern army (Rev. 9:12-19). 
And the third woe will be the seven bowls of the "final" wrath of God (Rev. 15:1; 16:1). 

Isa. 13:11, Thus I will punish the world for its evil, And the wicked for their iniquity; I will also put an end to the arrogance of the proud, And abase the haughtiness of the ruthless. 

This is a summary statement concerning God's intent in destroying the sinners of the world. 
Isa. 2:12, For the LORD of hosts will have a day {of reckoning} Against everyone who is proud and lofty, And against everyone who is lifted up, That he may be abased. 

2Ths. 1:6-8, 
"For after all it is {only} just for God to repay with affliction  those who afflict you, and {to give} relief to you who are afflicted  and to us as well when the Lord Jesus shall be revealed from heaven  with His mighty angels in flaming fire, dealing out retribution to those who do not know God and to those who do not obey the gospel of our Lord Jesus." 

Isa. 13:12, I will make mortal man scarcer than pure gold, And mankind than the gold of Ophir. 

This refers to the extreme "thinning" of the human population that results from the Day-of-the-LORD judgments. 

Death from the third trumpet judgment: 

Rev. 8:11, 
"And the name of the star is called Wormwood;  and a third of the waters became wormwood;  and MANY MEN DIED from the waters, because they were made bitter." 

Death from the 6th trumpet judgment: 

Rev. 9:18, 
"A THIRD OF MANKIND WAS KILLED by these three plagues, by the fire and the smoke and the brimstone, which proceeded out of their mouths." 


Isa. 13:13, Therefore I shall make the heavens tremble, And the earth will be shaken from its place At the fury of the LORD of hosts In the day of His burning anger. 

Here, the THEREFORE (al ken), changes our focus and takes us back to the inception of this Day of the LORD period. It is the initial SIGNS in the sun, moon and stars (heavens tremble, Luke 21:26; Rev. 6:13-14); and the earth shaking (Rev. 6:12; Luke 21:25) that officially ANNOUNCE that these judgments are at hand or as the panicking world proclaims, "has come," and "who is able to stand," (Rev. 6:17). 

Isa. 13:14-16, describes the effects on the "homelands" of the nations involved in this SPECIFIC worldwide attack of the king of the North, permitted by the wrathful vengeance of God. 

"And it will be that like a hunted gazelle, 
Or like sheep with none to gather {them,} 
They will each turn to his own people, 
And each one flee to his own land. 
Anyone who is found will be thrust through, 
And anyone who is captured will fall by the sword. 
Their little ones also will be dashed to pieces Before their eyes; 
Their houses will be plundered And their wives ravished." 

It should be clear that this activity occurs in the homelands of the nations through the onslaught of an invading army, just as we saw earlier at Jeremiah 25:32-37. It does not describe what occurs AT Armageddon. The military maneuvers that take place DURING the worldwide attack of the king of the North, occur over a period of time and not in one day. 

The final section of Isaiah 13 (verses 17-22), mentions the historical invasion of the Media-Persian empire, but then makes application BEYOND that historical time period and once again, to an end-times judgment and the resultant status of the Babylonian area during the Messiah's earthly kingdom.  The degree of judgment described in these verses have not, to date, been totally fulfilled. In the same way, the language at Jeremiah 51:62, seems to look beyond the history of the city and land area, and looks to an "end-times" disposition where during the Messiah's kingdom, and as a result of judgment described in Revelation 18:21, Babylon will not exist. 

COUNTER ATTACK from the king of the West 

Returning to Daniel 11:40-45 we see the counterattack from the king of the West. 

1. And he will enter countries: The K/W must respond to the invasions from the North and the South. 

At this point, I mention again the difficult problem of identifying the "king" referred to by the 3rd person pronouns in this sentence and through the remainder of the chapter. The immediate "flow" of the narrative "suggests" that the "he will enter" phrase refers to the king of the North. However, whoever the "he" is, it seems best to make that identification uniform through the remainder of the chapter. Accordingly, based on the activities ascribed to the "he" in question, which take place in this context, it is still best to identify him as the king of the West, the world ruler who is the beast out of the sea of Revelation 13:1. 

2. Overflow and pass through: This indicates an intensive campaign to counter the attack from the North that touched every
corner of the beast's kingdom. 

Daniel 11:41, 

Because the attack of the king of the South centers in Palestine (the beautiful land) the K/W deploys troops into that area and "many will fall."  However, Edom, Moab and Ammon are not affected either by the South's invasion or the beast's defense. God provides extra protection for this general land area because it is where the remnant from Judah has fled for refuge from the oppression of the beast. 

Daniel 11:42-43 
"Then he will stretch out his hand against {other} countries,  and the land of Egypt will not escape. 
But he will gain control over the hidden treasures of gold and silver, and over all the precious things of Egypt;  and Libyans and Ethiopians {will follow} at his heels." 

The beast drives the K/S out of Palestine back into his own land and continues against the other countries involved. He defeats Egypt in her own land and then proceeds to enter into Libya and Ethiopia. These two countries are identified at Ezekiel 38:5, as being in alliance with the king of the North. This specific maneuver is described at Ezekiel 30:1-9. 

I will discuss this portion in part 5. 

R.g.Wallace 
ronw@biblefragrances.com 
http://www.biblefragrances.com 
***********************************
THE THREE MYTHS OF HOMESCHOOLING
By Berit Kjos 
"Mom, would you be mad at me if I didn't do my work at school?" Ten-year old Christina looked concerned.

"Why wouldn't you want to do it, honey?" 
"I have to answer some questions I don't think are right." 

Her mother, Ramona Mays, asked to see the assignment. 

"The teacher told us we couldn't take it home." 
"But Christina, I need to see it so I can support you. The school can't take away your freedom to show me what you are learning. Your Dad and I are responsible for you." 

Christina agreed. She knew that Proverbs 22:6 told parents to train their children in God's ways. So she brought the work pages home the next day, and her mother began to read:

Make a list of ten people you care more about than others. Include yourself in the list. 

Rewrite the names in the list in the order that you care about them.

Mrs. Mays pondered the strange assignment. "Why would they tell you to rank the people you love?" she asked.
"And what does this have to do with Advanced English?" 

Christina didn't know, so Mrs. Mays asked her teacher. She didn't explain. Already concerned about the lack of academics, the distorted views of Christianity in multicultural literature, and the use of intrusive questions and surveys to assess the beliefs and values of students and their families, Richard and Ramona Mays decided to teach their three daughters at home. 

Today's reasons for homeschooling vary. Nick Peros, a California parent, grew concerned when his daughter Lydia told about him the daily classroom "circles" where students would share family problems. If a parent seemed "too strict", the class would dialogue and decide together on steps the student should take to resolve the conflict.

"The peers were usurping the parents' role," he explained.

Many share his concern about the touchy-feely consensus groups which train children to conform to group decisions based on moral relativism and universal values. They don't want their children to compromise their faith or purity.

Others want to guard their children from pressure to participate in earth-centered rituals that invoke animal spirits or honor pantheistic gods. They wouldn't mind if schools only taught about other religions, but they worry about the new emphasis on "real-life" multicultural and environmental "experiences" that immerse children in pagan practices. Didn't God say "You shall have no other gods"? (Ex 20:3) 

These parents face a dilemma. They want the freedom to guide their children's education, but what are the choices? There may be an uncompromising Christian school in their community, but many can't afford the cost.

Teaching at home costs less money but requires more time. How do you decide? 

Homeschooling friends stress the rewards: a flexible schedule, more time for family activities, a return to fact-based academics, and a loyal family that shares the same values and enjoys being together. Yet many parents lack the confidence to start. Doubts and questions tear at their confidence. "How could I teach?" they argue. "I never went to college. And even if I could teach, my children wouldn't learn the social skills they need." Facing what seems to be an impossible situation, some simply argue away the problem: "Maybe I'm wrong about the public schools.

They may not be so bad after all." 

Let's look again at these objections. Pull back the curtain of doubt and let the light of truth expose the main myths of homeschooling, then look with fresh eyes at the benefits. If you question your own adequacy, remember what God promised long ago: "My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness." (2 Corinthians 12:9) 

Myth 1: They won't learn the needed social skills if I teach at home. 

Fact: To the contrary, most homeschooled children learn healthy social skills from parents and Christian friends, not from peers with contrary values. Studies have shown that homeschooled children surpass their peers in public schools "in adaptability, cohesion, social adjustment, maturity and leadership; and lower levels in aggressive behavior, loudness and competitiveness. Homeschooled children tend to go on to occupations which are more entrepreneurial and professional. They tend to be more independently minded[and] more family oriented." 1

In most public schools, children are socialized by their friends and classmates. Their values are formed through the "critical thinking" strategies used in classrooms from coast to coast to free students from traditional moral absolutes so they can "create their own" values. These tend to reflect the rampant amorality spread by popular movies, music, books, and television. 

"What sold me on homeschooling was a visit from two young girls  the daughters of homeschooling friends," said Sarah Leslie, an Iowa mother of seven children. "They were polite, modest, confident, thoughtful, natural, and well able to keep up with adult conversation. They showed no sign of the rebellion parents are told to expect from their teenagers. I thought, 'If this is what homeschool socialization does, I want it for my kids." 

Nick and Joan Peros, after a year of homeschooling their children in California, have also seen the difference.

"They are free from the teasing, swearing, meanness, and peer pressures they faced a year ago," said Nick. "And they have plenty of friends. They're involved in baseball, a community chorus, and a drama group. We're getting the good part of socialization and leaving out the bad."   Many families join homeschooling co-ops. "We meet once a week with fifteen families," said Anne Peters, who began teaching by faith, unaware of the wonderful resources God had prepared for her family's success. "All follow the same history and science curriculum, and our children do oral presentations. Once a month we go on a field trip together. A year ago, our kids didn't want to leave their old school. We prayed for months asking that God would prepare their hearts. Now they don't want to go back!" 

Myth 2: I could never teach! I don't have any degree.

Fact: If you can read, you can teach. With some motivation and a little research you can find the kind of homeschooling program that fits your family's needs. 

"I wanted my children to learn how to learn," said Sarah Leslie, a busy mother who also publishes a magazine 2 with her husband and older children. "I don't stand over them and lecture all day long. We found that a good curriculum like A Beka walks them through the lessons and explains every step of the way. The children teach themselves and don't need to have help every ten minutes. They seldom ask, 'What does this mean' or 'How do I do that?'" 

Harvey and Laurie Bluedorn, who began homeschooling their five children long before it became a national movement, would agree. "We don't have to know everything there is to know about chemistry or physics or biology, but we do have to teach our children how to teach themselves." They are convinced that parents make the best teachers regardless of educational background, and through their website 3 and catalog 4 they help provide parents with the encouragement and resources needed to succeed.

To appreciate the range of options available to starting families, scan the list of homeschool resources and suppliers. Pray that God lead you to the curricula best suited for your family. Even intimidating subjects like math can be conquered with programs such as Saxon math. "It breaks things down into pieces and takes you step by step," says Harvey Bluedorn. "The last book in the Saxon series is calculus. My son is an average child, but he was able to get through calculus without any help from a teacher." 

Do you feel inadequate to teach high school science? Video courses makes science an adventure for the entire family. And Peterson's Guide to Independent Study lists all the high school and college correspondence courses available. Any lab equipment and chemicals needed for home experiments can be ordered by mail. 

Finally, remember that "with God nothing will be impossible." When He asks you to "train up your child in the way he should go," He will surely enable you. (Luke 1:37; Proverbs 22:6) 

Myth 3: My kids are going to a good school. Public schools may be changing in other parts of the country, but our school is different!

Fact: Your school may be trailing behind most others in implementing Goals 2000, but eventually all schools must conform to the law of the land. 

Perhaps you have a Christian principal who is keeping the flood of intrusive surveys and pantheistic experiences out of your school. Maybe you have Christian teachers who have not yet been trained to facilitate the consensus groups which teach students to trade individual beliefs for collective thinking. Perhaps you are part of a Mom's in Touch group that prays each week that God would guard your school and keep children safe. If so, He probably is blocking some of the influences that prompt children in other schools to trade truth and facts for myth and feeling-based learning. 

But soon your school, like all the others, must demonstrate that its students have learned the "higher order thinking skills", have been trained to conform to the group consensus, and have embraced global values. If the new student assessments fail to show the expected progress, your school will be punished. Teachers, principals, and school boards may be replaced, and your school would be forced to follow state guidelines based on national standards and international benchmarks. In the end, all must conform. 

Goals 2000, our massive education law, which follows the blueprint prepared by UNESCO for its 1990 World Conference on Education for All, sets AD 2000 as the deadline for system-wide transformation. Its plan for retraining teachers would eliminate all who refuse to conform to politically correct standards. Those standards focus on affective (dealing with feelings and values) rather than academic learning. Christian teachers who resist using the new psycho-social strategies would not be certified. 

Do you find it hard to believe this could be happening in America? Many do. Yet, whether we believe or not, this global revolution in education is transforming American minds and producing a "paradigm shift"  the public acceptance of a new world view that opposes biblical Christianity on every point. Like the proverbial frog in the pan of slow-warming water, most people simply flow with the changes. 

   CHRISTIANITY
Old Paradigm
----------------------------
o - Biblical Absolutes & Values
o - The Bible reveals reality
o - God is personal(loves Us)
     And grater than his creation
o - Teach personal responsibility
o -  Trust God 

HUMANISM
Transition
------------------------------
o - Relative Values
o - Science alone explains reality
o - God is a crutch, an illusion
o - Teach human rights
o - Tolerate all Lifestyles
o - Trust self

GLOBALISM
New Paradigm
------------------------------
o - Global Absolutes & Values
o - Feelings and experience prove reality
o - An impersonal universal God (pantheism) makes all things one (monism)
o - Teach collective duties or responsibilities
o - Don't tolerate dissenters (zero tolerance)
o - Trust the state

Never has it been more important to train children to see reality from God's perspective. The truths about our sovereign God, His creation, the world, our own human nature, the spiritual war that rages behind the scenes all have been turned upside down by the new global paradigm. It's up to parents to teach children to see everything through the filter of His Word. So, while public school children are immersed in myths and experiences that promote the global paradigm, we must immerse our children in God's truth. That takes time, and Deuteronomy 6:5-7 says it well:

"You shall love the LORD your God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your strength. And these words which I command you today shall be in your heart. You shall teach them diligently to your children, and shall talk of them when you sit walklie down, and rise up. 

Does that sound like homeschooling to you? Keep in mind, unless we teach our children to know and follow His Word, they will not be ready for the spiritual battles ahead. 

Education leaders are fighting hard for control over all children, not just those in government schools. Curfew laws, national standards and tests, work certificates, requirements for teacher certification that would include parents who teach at home these are some of the threats to our freedom. 

We don't know what our earthly future holds, nor how long we may freely train our children to love and follow God. But we can trust the One who holds the future in His hands. One day-maybe very soon-He will come for His own. Between today and that glorious day, we may be tested in ways we can hardly imagine. Will our children be ready? Will you and I? 
ENDNOTES

1. Harvey Bluedorn summarizing part of a study by Dr. Brian Ray, "Marching to the Beat of Their Own Drums: A Profile of Home Education Research," The National Home Education Research Institute (Home School Legal Defense Association, 1992).

2. For a complementary copy of The Christian Conscience, call 515-262-8547. 

3. http://www.muscanet.com/~trivium/index.htm

4. Write to Trivium Pursuit, 139 Colorado Street, Suite 168, Muscatine, Iowa 52761.

For more information about "lifelong" training in the new global values, read Brave New Schools (Harvest House Publishers) and A Twist of Faith (New Leaf Press - 800-643-9535) by Berit Kjos. Available through Christian bookstores, web site: http://www.crossroad.to call 800-643-9535.
***********************************
DAVID AND GOLIATH - AN END-TIME VIEW
by Hadyn Olsen.

Recently, after reading the account of this historic meeting between David and Goliath, I was struck by the significance of it's message concerning the end time period that we are entering into.

Far more than a children's story, this account speaks of the collision of two kingdoms. The kingdom of God and the kingdom of Satan. There are a number of times in the Scriptures that we witness such a dramatic encounter between these two kingdoms. We may think of the time of Moses and the exodus from Egypt, the plagues and the Red Sea. We may think of Joshua and Jericho - or Elijah on Mt. Carmel.  Then of course there is the Lord Jesus Himself and the many occasions of His demonstrating the kingdom.

In all these events we see something of the nature of these two opposite kingdoms, and of the superiority of God's kingdom over Satan's. We may also learn something concerning our own lives and of the conflict we face from day to day. Each of these historic events may teach us of the things God wants us to know and the victory He wants us to share. We are coming to a time when we shall witness another great collision between God's kingdom and Satan's. No doubt it shall be as great, if not greater than all the others that have preceded it. And it shall be a time when once again, God displays His all- surpassing greatness and dominion over Satan.

To this end our spirit's cry, 'Come Lord Jesus'.

As we read in 1 Sam. 17 of the battle between David and Goliath 
we can first of all see that there are three principal characters, which may represent three different peoples.

Firstly there is Goliath and the Philistines. They represent the world, or more specifically unredeemed, rebellious man. There is something about them, which may be encompassed by the term, 'The spirit of this age'. There they stand, full of defiance and mockery. Willfully and arrogantly railing accusations upon God and His people. They represent man, in the fullness of self-power and self-glory.

This is the fruit of the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil come to maturity. The Pride of Life that looks down upon God from it's own lofty height. The fullness of man which seeks to be 'as God' and even to destroy all that is of God in his quest to have dominion of the earth. We may notice in the description of Goliath that there is reference to the number six. The number of man. He was six cubits in height, he had six pieces of armor, and his spearhead weighed six hundred shekels. We could say that he represents everything that the term 'anti- Christ' may speak of, as he stands there mocking all that is of God and calling God's people into battle.

As we look out upon the world today we can see Goliath readying himself again. We can hear the challenges ringing out saying, 'Where is your God' and the accusations pouring forth to belittle the church and call her to war. This has always been the very essence of that antichrist spirit.

The second character in this story is King Saul and his army.  This group represent the people of God, but they are the people  of God under the dominion of the flesh. They are a defeated company. They stand there facing Goliath, fearful, intimidated and without anointing or strength from God.

We may ask, 'Why is this?.. How can it be?' How can the people of God find themselves in this kind of a situation and such a condition?
The answer is, that although they are the people of God they are still ruled and controlled by the spirit of this world. They are under the dominion of King Saul - the flesh.

Let us take a look at them. They stand there in all their wordly armor. They are fitted out with everything that the world counts for something. They have their horses and chariots and weapons of flesh and of course they have their king who stands so tall above the rest.  They look just like all the other nations in so many ways.

I cannot help wondering how many of our denominations and church organizations are just like the armies of Saul. They are full of the ways of the world and their strength comes from money, organization, and the power of the flesh. We see in them the same spirit of this world that promotes itself with gimmicks, sales techniques and all manner of human ability.

There is also another characteristic that is common to the Saul church. That is, disobedience to the word of the Lord.

King Saul cared more for the outward appearances of success and power than for obedience to God's word. He would obey God as long as it suited him and as long as it didn't threaten his own ambitions and desires to be successful in the eyes of the people.

It is the same today in the denominations. Success power and out- ward appearances are the most important considerations. God's will and His purposes are often compromised for the sake of human interest and human traditions. For that reason they will stand-alone on that day that Goliath confronts them. They will discover that Goliath is far stronger in terms of this world than they are themselves, and they will realize that they are no match for him.

How frightening it will be on that day... although today they are so full of their own strength and hypnotized by their own praises and positive confessions. Thank God there is a third group in this story.  It is the group that is characterized by David. Yes, David was one of the people of God. But he wasn't a part of Saul's army. In the same way today there is a third group. They are scattered around. They have no special organization or place to call their own. Yet they have two distinguishing characteristic that set them apart;

They have a heart after God and... they are not of King Saul.

This David company, like David of old, is small, insignificant, unimpressive and unimportant. Yet God's hand is upon them.

David was out in the wilderness tending his sheep when the call came to enter into the battle lines. He was doing that which God had placed in his care - even though it was insignificant and outwardly of little importance. In the same way today there are those that ask, 'What are you doing for God? What has come of your leaving the system?'

 They measure everything by outward considerations and spend their lives racing around, organizing great things for God, yet in the end accomplishing little. David knew nothing of Saul's ways. He hadn't been in any of Saul's training schools. He didn't know how to even polish his armor let alone wear it into battle. All David knew, he had learned out there amongst the ordinary circumstances of daily life. He had learned the simple things of truth, love and faithfulness. He had learned how to walk with God each day.

But this is God's way. He always takes the lowly things, the foolish things, and the things that are not, to bring to nothing the things that are. Likewise God is preparing a people today. They are nothing now. Some have left denominations, some are still amongst them wondering why it is that they no longer feel a part of it all any more. They can no longer get excited by the latest seminar or outreach. Instead they sigh and groan at the lack of God's presence in the church, and they are grieved by the way human power has filled the gap. When David arrived on the scene, he had no organization backing him. There were no credentials or any such thing. There was only the anointing. God knew where He wanted David to be. God brought things together as He always does.... in the fullness of time.

David could stand before Goliath because God was with him. Nothing more and nothing less. His spirit was stirred against this monster David was not afraid. He knew that there was one far greater who was standing with him.  When David spoke to Goliath to challenge him, it was not so much David speaking as God Himself speaking. When David took the stone and placed it in his sling, again it was God choosing and pre- paring. When David sent his stone flying toward it's mark.. it was God guiding it to just the right place. Such is the way with all true ministry. It is God in man doing the work and bringing forth the fruit.

There are many today that are trying to achieve great things for God. They are using all of this world's resources to try and do it. Yet God is not doing it. They imagine that human effort is the key to divine fruitfulness. They have missed God's way completely.

God desires a people who are dead to man's ways and man's methods as far as kingdom work is concerned. He is preparing a people who will wait for Him, and move as He moves them, and who will work according to His power that works in them mightily.

It may take Him a long time to get a man or woman to that place... yet God has time.

That day is coming when that great conflict will arrive. Which company will we be a part of? Will it be Goliath's? or King Saul's?... or will it be David's?

It may be hard to say right now, but the day will declare it. 
Nothing is surer... That day will declare it... For then we shall find ourselves in the place that our hearts have chosen.

Let us call upon the Lord today, while it is still today... asking Him to change our hearts and take us into that David company. May we seek to learn to walk with God and be faithful unto all that He may call us to do. May we learn the ways of humility and be satisfied with simply living before Him each day. May we also be careful to remain free from the ways of King Saul.

Praise God for His all-surpassing greatness and glory.
*************************************
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
PROPHEZINE NEWSLETTER - Commentaries
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
A49: The Microchip Implant 
BACKGROUND 
By Curt Tomlin
Dr. Carl Sanders is an Electronic Engineer, Inventor an Author and has also been a consultant to various Government organizations. Dr. Sanders headed up a team of engineers to develop a microchip smaller than a grain of rice and he believes it is to be used for electronic surveillance. This microchip can also be placed beneath the skin to provide positive personal identification. God has called him and his wife Ruby to sound the warning to all who will hear and especially to the house of Israel (Ezekiel 3). You need to HEAR and KNOW what the New World Order has planned for YOU.

From May 1951 until the present, this writer ("Curt" Tomlin, President, The Christian Alert Network "TCAN") has been deeply involved in designing and installing electronic data processing (EDP) systems of all kinds, from very small to very large systems. Six years of that time was spend designing and installing systems for the U.S. Air Force, seven years for the U.S. Navy (of which almost three years as a member of President John Kennedy's Battle Staff), ten years for the U.S. Army, the first time and one year the second time as well as for civilian industry and local governments. I said all that to say this, during those many years in the EDP Analysis and Design field I was well aware of an effort by the federal government to develop an "implantable" microchip, capable of performing a myriad of functions. However it was not until early in 1994 that I became acquainted with Dr. Sanders and his work/ministry. During the past several years I have conversed with Dr. Sanders several time by telephone and he sent me additional general documentation on the microchip he and his team of engineers developed.
On Thursday 16 October 97, I again spoke with Dr. Sanders and he gave me permission to print his general statement.

The following presentation is presented in three parts.

Part I: is the statement prepared by Dr. Sanders and contains instructions on how to contact him to arrange for personal appearances.

Part II: is a presentation of other technological achievements, some of which can be used to extend the capability of the microchip initially developed by Dr. Sanders and his team of electronic engineers.

Part III: is a presentation by this writer, concerning the combining of the technologies noted in Parts I and II and my personal involvement as Senior Test Plans Analyst, with a civilian Test and Evaluation Company. This T&E company was under government contract to test and evaluate certain of the technologies noted in Parts I and II, for possible use by the U.S. Military establishment. This testing and evaluation was conducted in 1995 on a military base in upstate New York.

The end product of the following technologies is a microchip implant, 200 times smaller than the diameter of a human hair that can be implanted by means of a hypodermic needle. This microchip can provide positive personal identification (PPID) and can be tracked by satellite and is being sold to the general public as a means of quickly and accurately locate missing, lost or kidnapped children. But what most people don't know is, this chip in reality is a self contained computer and as such can be reprogrammed via satellite to perform additional functions .... and what are the additional functions that the people are not being told about?

TCAN has added paragraph numbers to the following documents to facilitate referencing.

 PART I 
THE MICROCHIP IMPLANT by Dr. Carl Sanders 
1. Step right up and get your microchip implant! No hassles just a little stick on the back of your hand or forehead. Good for anything that ails you! No more need for cash, checks or credit cards, the microchip does it all.

2. Through electronic transferal of money, one hand sweep over the grocery store or other business scanner device linked to the Central Accounts Database and wala... funds are automatically deducted from your personal account! And crime will certainly be curbed substantially because how can thieves steal or use your microchip imbedded in your forehead or hand! No more need for bulky keys or combination locks- your microchip puts out a frequency of your own personal digital identification number.
Serving as an access code it will unlock your car, your house, your office and whatever else you wish to lock up!
How convenient!

3. Parents, no more lost kids or runaways! Or perhaps you need to track down someone in an emergency! just call your local Database for Human Control and give the name of the child or person you need to get hold of and through cellular towers and satellite wizardry ...Tada .. they have detected the coded digital identification number frequency output (acting as a locator device) and you've found your little Johnny or Suzy or whoever!

4. 101 uses for your personal implanted microchip! So why not take the chip and join our "New World Order Society? Because we love you... Don't be a rebel or dissident to this grand plan to bring about global, national, social and individual harmony and well being.

Because we love you... Be a good little citizen in our "brave new world". Because we love you... And if you refuse to take the mark, then you would be showing that you are unproductive and a rebel to our new society and we won't like that.
Because we love you...

5. We know you've been influenced and brainwashed by those "extreme fundamental religious bigots" and you can't help it. So before we chop your head off, we will give you a few chances to change your mind. We will send you to a reprogramming center for some brainwave massages and see if that might convince you that our way is the best way.
Because we love you...

6. Now, you might think this is funny, farfetched and Hollywood science fiction type stuff.
But folks, I wouldn't laugh or scorn too soon. The following information hasn't come out of some science fiction movie or magazine. It is true and happening here and now But just keep your eyes peeled on our government, the "United Nations and it's New World Order agenda and on the media coverage of technology and it's ability to solve mankind's problems. Listen and watch. You will soon see for yourself.

7. Never in the history of the world has knowledge and technology so skyrocketed to unlimited heights. Never before could man travel "to and fro" with such ease and speed, through the use of planes and other vehicles. Yet the "outdated" and so called "mythical" Bible prophesied long ago that at the very end of time this would happen. Consider the following- "But thou, 0 Daniel, shut up the words, and seal the book, even to the time of the end: many shall run to and fro, and knowledge shall be increased." Daniel 12:4

8. The technological advances and computer age of recent years have certainly paved the way for the "mark of the beast" and the one world system, prophesied in Revelation.

Through satellite and computers and "the New Information Highway" (which Bill Clinton has raved about) we are linking every man, woman, boy and girl to a national network and database. The acceleration of these technologies and communications are swiftly taking us into George Orwell's "1984" "Big Brother government" scenario. Mr. Orwell was right... only he was off a few years. Incidentally, Hilary Clinton's favorite books were "1984" and "Brave New World", where the government controlled all facets of society through technology.

9. There is a microchip now in the hands of the government that has the potential of becoming the "mark of the beast" where you can not "buy or sell" without it. Carl Sanders, was a top electronics engineer and inventor for the U.S.
government, who worked with the FBI, CIA, IRS and other government agencies designing spy technologies and surveillance equipment. He holds several patents and has been presented with the President's and Governor's Awards for Merit and Design Excellence.

10. Carl Sanders sat in 17 New World Order meetings with heads of state officials such as Henry Kissinger and Bob Gates of the CIA to discuss plans on how to bring about this One World System. The government commissioned Carl Sanders to design a microchip for identifying and controlling the peoples of the world - a microchip that could be inserted under the skin with a hypodermic needle (a quick/convenient method that would be gradually accepted by society).

11. Carl Sanders, with a team of engineers behind him, with U.S. grant monies supplied by our tax dollars, took on this project and designed a microchip which is powered by a lithium battery rechargeable through the temperature changes in our skin. Without the knowledge of the Bible, (Dr. Sanders was not a Christian at the time.) these engineers spent one and a half million dollars doing research on the best and most convenient place to have the microchip inserted. Guess what? These researchers found that the forehead and the back of the hand is not just the most convenient place but is also the only viable place for rapid, consistent temperature changes in the skin to recharge the lithium battery.
The microchip is approximately 7mm in length, .75 mm in diameter, about the size of a grain of rice. It is capable of storing pages upon pages of information about you. All your general history, work history, crime record, health history and financial data can be stored on this chip.

12. The sending unit of the microchip puts out a digital signal and consists of bursts of 85
data bits. It also puts out a digitally created analog signal at specific intervals. Used as a transponder this signal gives out vital information and also serves as a location marker. It has already been tested and implanted in military personnel, government couriers and corporate personnel. It was used in the Gulf War and was featured on 20/20 in August of 1991.

13. Dr. Sanders believes that this microchip which he regretfully help design is the "mark" spoken about in Revelation 13:15-17. The original Greek word for "mark" is "charagma" which means a "scratch or etching, i.e., a stamp or badge of servitude, a mark". It is also interesting to note that the number 666 is actually a word in the original Greek. The word is "Chi Xi Stigma", the first part denoting the number 666 and the last part "stigma" meaning "to stick or prick, a mark incised or punched (for recognition of ownership)".

14. Look it up yourself, it's exactly what it means! In light of these definitions, implantable microchips could very well be the physical "mark' spoken of in the book of Revelation!

15. For years there has been talk about a national ID card that all US citizens will be required to carry. Perhaps, Bill Clinton's Smart Card which contains a microchip will be the front runner to the "mark of the beast". Perhaps this is one reason why we see the Socialist Clinton agenda fighting so furious to wreck our present health care system and replace it with a government controlled system where we would all be required to have this Smart Card.

16. We are seeing an ever evolving and growing acceptance to the idea of a cash-less society through credit cards, debit cards and electronic transferal of money. InfoPet in Southern California, advertises that they can put an implantable biochip in up to 1 billion dogs or cats. Through cellular towers and satellites they can track down your lost pet within 10 feet of wherever they are. Oh what a wonderful service! Are we next?

17. The media has already begun campaigning the grand idea and benefits of microchip identification for kids. KidScan, in Tucson, Arizona is already on line and charging parents for this "grand service." Opra Winfrey recently dedicated one of her shows on this subject. We will see an acceleration of this type of hype and media coverage in the coming days. Electronic transaction/identification through implantable microchip technologies is not something coming down the road, it is here and now folks!

18. Some of you are most likely reading this and saying to yourself "Boy, I'm sure glad that I'll be caught up in the rapture before all these things take place. " Now, I don't want to get in the pre-tribulation/post-tribulation debate but I will ask you to consider a question - What if the popular pre-tribulation theology is wrong and you find yourself smack dab in the middle of Revelation's nightmare, will you still serve God? Let me ask you it in this way - If the choice is laid before you to hop on the New World Order bandwagon (receiving the blessings and economic/financial freedoms associated with taking the mark) or to reject "big brothers" provisions and live an uncertain life of poverty and persecution, which would your heart choose? You may say, "Oh that's easy, I'd choose Jesus and reject the mark of the beast!" Would you? Are you living for Him now? You see, if your not living for Jesus now in a time of peace and prosperity, how do you think your going to make it when they give you the choice to take the mark or get your head chopped off? "If you have run with the footmen, and they have wearied you, then how can you contend with horses? and if in the land of peace, where in you trust, they have wearied you, then how will you do in the jungles of the Jordan?" (Jeremiah 12:5) 

19. Folks, it will come down to a choice of the "mark" or martyrdom!
Look -"And I saw thrones, and they sat upon them, and judgment was given unto them: and I saw the souls of them that were beheaded for the witness of Jesus, and for the word of God, and which had not worshiped the beast, neither his image, neither had received his mark upon their foreheads, or in their hands; and they lived and reigned with Christ a thousand years." Revelation 20:4

20. Yes, we are seeing so many technological and political advances recently that it is quite possible that we are closer to the end than we think! Be prepared and pre-prayered!
Don't be deceived. Stay close to Jesus! Be a diligent seeker and believer of God's Word!
Be faithful in your walk with God! Live in holiness, humility and the fear of the Lord. Love the Lord with all your heart, soul and mind!

21. Say "no" to microchips but say "yes" to the Master! Say "no" to sin but ".yes" to Jesus! Think about it!

Dr. Carl Sanders is available for local speaking engagements, especially in local Churches and can be contacted at Trumpet Ministries, POB 506, Farmingville, LI, New York 11738
(Telephone: 509-880-6285).

  PART II 
THE MICROCHIP IMPLANT 
[ TCAN adds: As you read the following, take note of how many functions you have already noted as being available, for example the warning radar appeared in many 1997 automobiles as an added option. Also many of the functions are already available in home security systems. ]

1. A $10 radar that "sees" through walls will revolutionize cars, tools, appliances and more.

2. Remember the last time you backed into something with your car? Maybe it was a child's toy. Or a small rock wall. Or even the front end of another car. In any case the whole ugly incident might never have happened if your car had been equipped with a new radar device invented by Tom McEwan.

3. His patented radar could protect your house or apartment too. Built into a burglar alarm, it bounces radio waves off objects in a room to detect whether any are moving. But unlike other security systems, McEwan's radar is a small battery-powered device that works even when hidden in a drawer or behind books on a shelf.

4. The new radar could even save the life of your child or grandchild.  Sewn into the mattress of a crib, the motion sensing radar could be programmed to alert the parents if a sleeping infant stopped breathing.

5. Called micropower impulse radar or MIR, the new technology is so versatile that it will soon be incorporated into dozens of products. In some cases the radar will allow manufacturers to replace existing devices with cheaper and more accurate versions. It will also enable engineers to build entirely new products capable of doing things that are currently impossible 

6. The radar has "a vast range of applications in cars, homes, factories, and hospitals - it's hardly a stretch to say it could have 101 uses. "It's really turning out to be a Swiss Army knife," says McEwan.

7. MIR is a spinoff of nuclear weapons at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California, where McEwan works as an electronics engineer. A large project at the lab requires researchers to measure the extremely short pulse of energy in a miniature nuclear-fusion reaction. To do this, McEwan and his lab colleagues built hundreds of sampling devices arrayed along an electrical transmission line. Like tiny gates that simultaneously open for less than a billionth of a second, the samplers take digital readouts of the voltage at hundreds of points along the line.

8. The samplers designed by McEwan's team are smaller and more accurate than the $40,000 oscilloscopes used in earlier systems and they cost less than $10 apiece. That led McEwan to a new idea: Maybe an individual sampler could work as a receiver for high-speed radar pulses. Instead of opening just once, like the samplers used in fusion research its gate would open and shut repeatedly. That would enable it to measure radio waves bouncing off nearby objects at high speed.

9. McEwan went on to create a radar device that today fits on a 1.5-inch square circuit board. It transmits and receives radio waves up to 200 feet away one through one or two wire antennas that can be as short as 1.5 inches; the antennas are soldered directly to the circuit board. The whole device uses far less power than any other radar; it can run on a pair of AA batteries for 8 years. And the $10 price will drop even lower within the next year, when the circuitry is downsized to fit on a single computer chip.

10. What sets the MIR apart from any other type of radar is its rapid-fire sampler, which enables it to analyze radio pulses that are extremely short, giving it tremendous accuracy at low power.

11. Radar, short for radio detection and ranging, works by sending out radio waves and listening for their reflections. By analyzing these reflections, the radar can determine the distance and direction of objects encountered by the radio waves.

12. Radar exists in several versions. Doppler radar, for example, sends out continuous radio waves and listens for the frequency shifts that occur when the waves bounce off a moving object; this is how bats locate insects to eat. Weather and police radar also work on the same principle.

13. Another type is the pulse-echo radar. Like the sonar on a submarine, it sends out a "ping" of radar and listens for the echo. McEwan's MIR operates similarly, but it emits much shorter pulses than other radars. Each is less than a billionth of a second long, and the MIR emits about a million of these ultra-short pulses each second.

14. Because the pulses are so short, the MIR operates across a much wider band of radio frequencies than conventional radars. That makes the radar less susceptible to interference from other radar systems. (Such wideband radar was also appealing to cold-war Russian and U.S. scientists as a potential counter-stealth measure, because it appeared unlikely that stealth aircraft could remain undetected at a wide range of frequencies.) Also, compared with conventional radar, MIR operates at a lower band of frequencies, and is therefore better able to penetrate water, ice, and mud.

15. Because McEwan's new radar is not affected by temperature or noise, it has advantages over existing infrared and ultrasound sensing devices.  Infrared can be thwarted by strong sunshine or triggered by a vibrating hot object like a room air conditioner, for example, and ultrasound is distorted by air-temperature differences, absorbed by moisture and sensitive to ambient noise. "I think this technology is going to almost completely phase out ultrasound," assures McEwan.

16. Lawrence Livermore has already received more than a thousand queries about the radar and has issued more than 30 licenses. Companies want to use it to build elevator doors that don't pinch people; space heaters that turn them selves off when a child comes too close, autofocus cameras that calculate distances more accurately; liquid-level sensors for everything from water conserving toilets to oil refinery tanks;
virtual reality headsets that sense body position; and even a robotic caddy that follows a golfer around the course.
"You're going to see this radar in so many places," says McEwan, it's like uncorking a genie." Amerigon, based in Monrovia, Calif., was the first company to license the MIR technology. Its intended applications are automotive safety devices, such as a backup-warning system. Mounted in the taillight, bumper, or trunk lid, the warning system kicks in whenever you shift into reverse. The system emits a tone that increases in pitch as you draw closer to a parked car or other object and starts beeping when you get within six inches. Amerigon has sold proto-types of the backup-warning system to auto manufacturers; it could appear in cars as early as 1997. The system will cost less than $200, the company estimates.

17. Amerigon also plans a product that will beam radar into the blind spot on each side of your car when you signal a lane change. If the radar detects another vehicle, it will activate an alarm. The device will cost about the same as the backup-warning system, Amerigon says.

18. Further into the future are "intelligent" cruse-control devices that will slow your car when another vehicle is blocking your lane, collision-anticipating systems that will prepare air bags for deployment, and sensors that will detect bumps in the road and adjust the vehicle suspension accordingly. To make the radar function in a speed detector, or for automatic braking, it must be focused into a narrow beam (so it will track the correct car).  This technique, called synthetic beam forming is under development.

19. "You might have as many as ten different applications of radar on your car," says McEwan. They will not interfere with one another, however. Although the MIR emits a million or so pulses each second, they are not evenly spaced. The amount of time between pulses varies randomly to create a distinctive pattern. That makes it easy for the radar to recognize its own echo, even when other radars are operating nearby.

20. "I'm starting to see this thing as a 'stealth' radar," says McEwan.  There are two reasons for this: One, the radar signal from the MIR device is virtually undetectable.  Because the radar accumulates so many pulses, the individual pulses can be very weak." he says. The radar emits only about one-millionth as much radiation as a cellular phone.

21. Two, the radar can "see" through objects. A MIR equipped burglar alarm, for example, works even when it's hidden in a shoebox in your closet. Its radio pulses travel through obstacles the same way signals reach a cordless phone or a television antenna.
"If your eyes worked at radar frequencies, you could see through walls too,' explains McEwan. That's not to say that walls are invisible to the radar. Radar detects reflections from the wall just as you notice the reflections when you look through a window.

22. Hidden in your house, a MIR-based burglar detector could be combined with a garage-door-type transmitter that would signal the home's central alarm system to turn on a siren, or to automatically dial the police. In the latter case, "the burglar would have no way of knowing that he's been detected" says McEwan, The radar signal is so weak that a burglar wouldn't even be able to pick it up with radio scanner.

23. What makes the radar particularly useful as a security device is its range-gating capability. Imagine that each radio pulse is a large wave traveling across a lake. The wave bounces off an island and comes back toward you. The amount of time it takes the wave to return depends on how far away the island is. By setting the radars "gate" to open only at the right time to receive echoes from a certain distance, it can ignore all of the other echoes reaching the radar.

24. Range gating can be used to create a radar bubble around the MIR device. In a burglar alarm, for example, the range might be set to 20 feet. The radar gate then opens to admit only the reflections from objects at that distance. It detects motion by repeatedly checking the echo pattern to see whether it changes over time; a change means that the bubble has been penetrated by a moving object. "By only looking for changes, it can be made to be extremely sensitive' says McEwan.

25. At the same time the radar can be made less sensitive to moving objects like pets and insects. A motion detector installed on or above the ceiling can be programmed for an exact range --- to respond only to motion more than a couple of feet off the floor, for example. That means Fido won't set it off while you're away. And because the radar is range-gated, it doesn't respond to bugs that fly by unless they are at the exact distance for which the device is set. By comparison, regular burglar alarm systems without range gating can confuse a person at a distance of ten feet with a bug at ten inches: Both appear to be large objects. Communicating with a control computer, MIR devices could become part of a complete home security system. They could also control a variety of functions within a "smart" house. Instead of flipping a switch to turn on the lights, you might just wave your hand near a radar device. Your house might even have radar-based motion sensors that turn on the lights automatically when you enter a room and off when you leave. You might also have "smart" appliances, such as a washing machine that would use radar to sense the water level, and then automatically add the correct amount of detergent.

26. The first commercially available, MIR-based product is a construction tool that ferrets out steel rebar embedded in concrete [Best of What's New, ' Dec '94].
Made by Zircon of Campbell, Calif., it's due to go on sale this spring for about $100. The company, which makes the popular Stud Sensor tool, is also using the radar to develop a new stud-finding tool. That device would allow users to peer even deeper into walls; by adjusting the tool's depth setting, users could even look behind a pipe or stud.

27. The technology would also take stud finders beyond flat surfaces: In a recent demonstration, the company showed how an MIR device could find a joist situated beneath curved concrete roof tiles. Eventually, Zircon may also create tools that could locate buried pipes -- even plastic ones -- and inspect buildings for structural damage.

28. Using an array of radar antennas, McEwan hopes to construct an instrument that can locate buried land mines. There are more than 85 million unexploded mines in the world, and about 800 people are killed by them every month. In recent tests at a government site, McEwan says a radar device sniffed out every buried land mine. He says that such a device would be as cheap to manufacture as a standard metal detector and able to find both metal and plastic mines.

29. MIR could save lives in other ways. Because the radar's average emission level is a mere one microwatt (one thousandth of the international standard for exposure to such microwave radiation), it qualifies as a medically harmless diagnostic tool. McEwan is developing a heart monitor that works somewhat like an electrocardiogram except that it measures the heart's muscle contractions instead of its electric impulses. Placed against your chest, it reads the motion of your heart right through your clothing; the information appears as zig-zag lines on a screen display.

30. The instrument could eventually be combined with an electrocardiogram in a single machine. That would give doctors extra, potentially crucial information in the emergency room. In some situations an electrocardiogram gives a "flat line" readout even when a patient heart is still beating. "The doctors think the guy's dead, but he's not," says McEwan. A machine that measures muscle movements as well as electrical stimulation would help determine whether a patient's heart is still functioning at some level.

31. MIR also could be incorporated in a radar stethoscope that would detect the motion of the heart muscle, rather than the sound of pumping blood.

32. By using the radar to detect the motion of the lungs, rather than the heart, engineers could build a breathing monitor. Such a device could guard against Sudden Infant Death Syndrome, or be used by people with sleep apnea. Unlike other devices, a radar based breathing monitor wouldn't have to contact a patient's body; it could work through a mattress.

33. Because the radar is so small the Army is testing it for possible use inside a soldiers uniform. If the soldier were injured or sick, the radar device could measure his vital signs and relay them to a medical command post.

34. The military is interested in the radar because of its low cost, high resolution, portability, and ability to be used through clothing, says Mike Hopmeier of the Air Force's Wright Laboratory. Once it's scaled down to fit in a chip, 'you have a disposable diagnostic medical device,' he says. "The radar opens up an entirely new world of medical diagnostics.'

35. The technology could also aid search-and-rescue missions by detecting the lung or heart movements of people buried under earthquake or avalanche debris.
Built into a portable device, it could even be used by law-enforcement officers, who would like to be able to detect people in a room before entering it.

36. The application that has provided the most surprises to McEwan, however, is fluid-level sensing. There are hundreds of companies that want to measure the levels of fluids, for a stunning variety of reasons.
Breweries, for example, need to be able to measure beer levels in a tank accurately, but standard measuring devices are often foiled by the foam.

37. Dozens of companies have sought out Lawrence Livermore to find out how they might use the radar to measure liquid levels. Because of the interest, McEwan has developed a prototype of a new product he calls a 'dipstick' Although it does not use radio waves it does use the MIR fast-pulse technology to send a small electrical pulse down a wire. The device measures the time it takes for the energy to reflect off the liquid and uses this measurement to calculate the distance. It works on solids, too, so it can be used to measure grain in a silo, for example.

38. Coated with plastic, the dipstick could be installed in a cars radiator, its windshield-fluid container, or its crankcase. . 'You have a gauge for your gas tank,' says McEwan 'Why not one for your oil too?

PART III 
THE MICROCHIP IMPLANT  by The Christian Alert Network (TCAN) 
 4 November 1997

As noted in Part I above, Dr. Carl Sanders was the director of a team of engineers whose original objective was to build an electronic (bionic) bypass for a young lady who had a severed spine. This team effort produced a number of byproducts. One of those byproducts was a device that could be used to affect behavior modification based on the frequency of the microchip. This is one of several byproducts that I am most interested in bringing to you attention in this chapter.

BEHAVIOR MODIFICATION 
The original concept of a microchip implant that could "only be read," like the bar code on a can of beans, by a global positioning satellite (GPS), to determine the geographical location of the thing or person into which it was implanted, perhaps was a reasonable capability to consider. That is, until you ask the question as to "WHO" would control the reading device and for "WHAT" purpose(s) it would be used and would the people have a "CHOICE" as to whether to accept the implant or not. The extremely rapid evolution of microchip technology over the past few years and the "who will control and for what purpose" question and the question of choice on the part of the people, brings us to the present dilemma.

Much to the disbelief of the vast majority of the people, we now have the capability of implanting, under the skin on the back of the right hand, a microchip so small it cannot be seen by the naked eye. In 1993, Sematech in Austin Texas announced the development of a microchip that was only 0.35 microns wide or roughly 1/200th the size of a human hair.
Sematech designs and develops the equipment used by other companies to actually manufacture these microscopic chips. Just today, Tuesday 4 November 1997
this writer spoke with a PR representative of Sematech, and was told that the above 0.35 microns chip was OLD TECHNOLOGY. The circuitry on that chip has long since been reduced in size even more and is now down to 0.25 microns in size. What this really means is that the processing power of the old 0.35 microns chip has been increased by about 1/3. In other words we can now do more with much less bulk.

In spite of its microscopic size this chip has the capacity to store page upon page of personal information about you, your general history, work history, crime record, health history, financial data and much more. (Ref Part I, paragraph 11). Given the fact that the information noted above constantly changes, provisions must be made to update that information on a regular basis. For example when your address or work history changes your microchip would require updating. Given that fact not only must the microchip be capable of transmitting information it must also be capable of receiving new information and performing update routines. In other words the microchip is actually a self-contained computer with its own power source and as such can be reprogrammed.

As noted in my introduction at the top of this chapter, in 1995, as a Senior Test Plans Analyst one of my task was to design a data collection and evaluation system for several exotic electronic information gathering and transmitting devices, being considered for use by the various military departments. One of those several devices was known as a Personal Status Monitor (PSM) and while "packaged" for testing purposes only, that device contained much of the same technologies as the devices notes in Part I and Part II above. The test package looked very much like, and was no larger than an ordinary wristwatch. But by simple surface contact with the soldiers skin on his wrist this device would transmit to a satellite the actual geographical location of the soldier and his "complete physiologic status" even to the point of issuing a warning of physiologic distress. All of this information could be read by any number of monitors located any place in the world. This technology has been reduce in size to the point that it is only one of the many functions that can be included in the microchip implant the federal government want to implant in our school children.

It's important to keep in mind that the particular microchip implant we are talking about in this paper is the chip (PPID) the government wants to (and is) implanting in our children.
It's also important to keep in mind the fact that this particular chip can be reprogrammed via satellite, to influence the behavior of the person into which it is implanted and this is the capability the government really does not want to publicize.

As you read about the capabilities noted in Parts I and II above, keep in mind that NASA reloads and reprograms the many functions of the main computer on the MIR space station and also the very tiny computers incorporated in the MARS Rover.
You have witnessed this any number of times recently on TV. Also keep in mind that the computers on the Hubbel Telescope are often reprogrammed to modify its performance. Specifically keep in mind the recent technological advances in the biomedical field, for example artificial limbs that can be controlled by the individuals own brain waves. Perhaps more importantly the electronic microchip implanted in pedophiles that can detect a penis erection and immediately counter that erection by electronic means.

UNIVERSAL GOVERNMENT POPULATION (birth) CONTROL 
Dr. Sanders also testifies; "It was determined that the chip could be made to produce signals that in turn could be used to control or stop the signal produced by the pituitary gland that causes estrogen flow thereby inducing instant menopause and thus prevent conception". Dr Sanders indicates this capability was tested in India and several other parts of the world.

We are well aware that the present administration is very actively considering some means of government imposed population control here in America. If you have any doubt about that possibility you should go to [http://www.vvm.com/~ctomlin/a45.htm ] on the TCAN Web Site and read the 45 page document A45: American Taxpayers Routinely Fund Population Control Projects.

Under present legislation, most public schools can take your young daughter to have an abortion, give her birth control medication, subject her to psychological reprogramming and a myriad of other things, without first informing you the parent and without obtaining your permission. Given that fact, who is to say that the microchip implanted in your son or daughter, for identification and tracking purposes, cannot and will not be reprogrammed by the federal government, to render them incapable of procreation, without their knowledge or permission and also with your knowledge or permission???

Given the fact the microchip in question is invisible to the naked eye and can easily pass through the opening of a very small hypodermic needle, and can be mixed in with another medication and injected at the same time who's to say, it is not now and will not in the future, be implanted in our children without their knowledge or the parents knowledge or permission.

The present administrations policy of enacting legislation giving local school clinics, TOTAL and ABSOLUTE control over WHEN and WHAT they can do to the children without first informing and without obtaining the parents permission, makes the availability of this microchip implant is a very deadly threat to our children.

We could spend hours and many pages pointing out micro-technologies like the few noted above. However we think that perhaps you are already well aware of many or perhaps most of them.

*********************************************************************

Dr. Daniel Man, a plastic surgeon who has a medical practice in Boca Raton Florida holds a U S Patent on a microchip implant very similar to the one developed by Dr. Sanders, except Dr. Man's chip is surgically implanted behind the ear. In an Associated Press interview Dr. Man states in part " --- the technology behind today's microchip is 'fairly uncomplicated' and with a little refinement could be used in a variety of human applications." The Christian Alert Network has formally requested additional information from Dr. Man relative to the microchip he holds the patent on. As soon at that additional information is available, we will add it to this chapter.

***********************************************************************

If your school or school district is involved in implanting microchips in the children under the pretext of being able to quickly locate them in the event they are kidnapped, or missing, or they runaway, we would surely appreciate it if you would notify us as quickly as possible.

JUST SAY NO ..... TO THE CHIP ...... JUST SAY NO.
http://www.vvm.com/~ctomlin/
The Christian ALERT Network (TCAN) Inc.
POB 11746, Killeen TX. 76547-1746
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Investing in the Year 2000
By:  John L. Terry, III and Rick Cogburn 
Prophezine Magazine   7/15/98

With all the concerns regarding the Year 2000 computer bug, little attention has been directed towards the possible financial dilemma that could ensue should we have a significant problem with the banking industry or the financial markets.  Much is NOW being said about the problems of infrastructure, embedded chips, and similar computer concerns, but a very practical problem is whether or not we will be able to transact business in the Year 2000.  

Consider the financial implications if the Y2K problem is not corrected.
Your bank accounts may no longer credit interest to your accounts.
Accounts payables and receivables could be frozen.  Your investments may be lost in a computer collapse.  You may not be able to access your bank accounts, write checks, or withdraw cash.

These are major problems that may or may not happen.  The Y2K bug could be nothing more than a bad case of hiccups, or it could be an incurable cancer.  More likely than not, it will be something in between*perhaps the flu.  What is important is that we begin to prepare financially for any possible contingencies that could occur.

One starting point is to have a hard copy of all your personal and financial records.  Bank statements, accounts payables and receivables, loan papers, titles, deeds, investment portfolio summaries, birth certificates, social security numbers, etc*  These are important for two reasons.  First, they allow you to monitor your financial affairs and assure your financial plan (assuming you have one) is on track.  Secondly, it is proof of who you are, what you own, and monies due you in the event the electronic copies are damaged or lost.

There still exist a number of opportunities for those wishing to profit from the Year 2000.  The Securities and Exchange Commission has requested that all publicly traded companies advise investors of their Y2K preparedness status.   These companies could be in a position to do well in the event of a Y2K glitch.   Dr. Ed Yardeni and other well known economists are predicting an economic downturn or global recession as a result of Y2K, thus creating a number of potentially profitable investment strategies to take advantage of falling stock prices should this occur.

Some financial planners have been touting the virtues of gold.  True, gold is a store of value and has consistently retained its relative worth, but it may not be the best single alternative in the event of an economic downturn.  While some people may be liquidating their portfolios and investing solely in gold, the problem of supply and demand come into play.  If these individuals are holding individual coins, they can exchange them for goods and services, but it is difficult to denominate them into small stores of value like we can with paper currency.  Who will assay small quantities of gold and authenticate their worth?    

Should a "worst case" scenario occur and the power grid goes down, commerce comes to a standstill and a real potential for economic meltdown occurs.  A recent report from Point of View-US Radio News (7/14/98) stated that only 1-1/2 % of the currency is actually in circulation, the rest are accounted for electronically.   A computer crash could render these records useless, or they could be erased. If there is a "run on the bank", the actual amount of cash which could be distributed is nominal, if any.  Should a  "worst case" scenario ensue, at best your cash could be frozen for several days to several months.  At worst, it could be gone forever.  

Astute investors should be monitoring the markets looking for opportunities to profit from the Y2K crisis, while modifying their strategies in the event of a major economic downturn.  Investors should consult their advisors to determine the effect, if any, Y2K could have on their portfolio.  Further, investors should ask these advisors what their Y2K strategies are.  If they don't have one*find someone who does.

In closing, consider the fable of the ant and the grasshopper.  The ant worked diligently throughout the spring and summer, putting away food for the winter.  The grasshopper chided the ant for working so hard and wasting all the summer working.  In response, the ant warned the grasshopper to follow his example and prepare for the future.  This warning was ignored.  When the first drafts of winter blew into the meadow, the ant withdrew into his home and closed the door.  He was prepared, and survived.  The grasshopper died from exposure and lack of food.

Are you a grasshopper or an ant?  ?  It is already late summer, and winter is fast approaching.    We don't know yet if the winter will be mild or severe.  Are you prepared in either event?  Is your portfolio "Y2K compliant"?
------------------------------
John Terry and Rick Cogburn are registered representatives with Rushmore Securities Corporation, a Dallas, TX based financial services firm, member NASD and SIPC.    They are also the principals of TCA Financial Management, UBO, creator of the world's first Y2K hedge fund.  John is also the author of "Dollars and Sense, A Kingdom Approach to Managing Money".

John and Rick may be reached at 
Rushmore Financial Group, Inc.
Post Office Box 640
Russellville, AR 72811-0640
Phone:  501-968-1708
Fax:  501-967-9898
WATS:  800-951-1708

Or visit our website:

http://www.imga.com 
John Terry jterry@imga.com 
Rick Cogburn y2k@imga.com 
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
F.Y.I. - Israel in the News Week Ending: August 1, 1998/9 Av 5758
=============================================================
"The punishment of your iniquity has been completed, O daughter of Zion; He 
will exile you no longer. But He will punish your iniquity, O daughter of Edom; 
He will expose your sins!" Lamentations 4.22
=============================================================

Tisha B'Av: Tisha B'Av (the ninth day of the Hebrew month of Av) began 
Friday night (although the fast began Saturday night due to the Sabbath). Jews mourn the destruction of the First and Second Temples, as well as other catastrophes that have befallen the Jewish people. The Rabbis have traced the beginning of the tragedies of Tisha B'Av back to Israel's rejection of God's plan to take the Land (Numbers 13-14). This is a day of mourning, fasting and sorrow. On this day Jews sit on the floor of the synagogues. They read the book of Lamentations by the light of candles. This is a day of national mourning; no music and joy is allowed; many people wear sackcloth. Events include a Women in Green sponsored march around the Old City walls on Saturday night. The Temple Mount and Land of Israel Faithful Movement will organize a Temple Mount remembrance beginning at 9:30 Sun-day morning. Lamentations will be read at the Shalom al Yisrael synagogue in Jericho on Saturday night. In New York, at 1:30 pm on Sun-day, at the Isaiah Peace Wall opposite the UN building, a prayer service will be held, focusing on Jews in danger a-round the world. (ICEJ, TMF, ARUTZ SHEVA) 

Talks Frozen: PLO leader Yasser Arafat said on Saturday peace talks with Israel remained stall-ed. A senior Palestinian Authority (PA/PLO) official, Nabil Shaath, warned Saturday that negotiations with Israel will end within the next few days if Israel did not agree to a US proposal that it withdraw from 13% of Judea and Samaria. However, he said it would be "a miracle" if Israel were to accept Washington's initiative. Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu has consistently refused to withdraw from the 13%, saying such a move would damage the security of his country. He has offered a full withdrawal from 10%, with a limited withdrawal from an additional 3%. IsraeliPalestinian negotiations broke down 16 months ago. Only for the past two weeks have the two sides been holding direct talks to try to revive them and work out conditions for an Israeli withdrawal.

Meanwhile, with the support of Netanyahu, Minister of Public Security Avigdor Kalalani is working to release about 100 Palestinian prisoners as a goodwill gesture intended to create a positive atmosphere surrounding the talks between Israel and the PA/PLO, YEDI-OT AHARON-OT reported. The issue was raised during a recent meeting between Kahalani and PA/PLO Deputy Chairman Mahmoud Abbas, also known as Abu Mazen. The proposed prisoner release has yet to be brought before the Cabinet for approval. (Ed. note: Why is it that, while the PA/PLO has yet to comply with most of the terms of the Oslo Accords, Israel continues to feel obligated to give "goodwill gestures?) (REUTERS, BBC, AP, ISRAEL LINE) 

The PLO Charter Revisited: ARUTZ SHEVA reports that Netanyahu has given in and accepted Defense Minister Yitzchak Mordechai's position regarding the changing of the PLO charter. The new Israeli position is that the clauses calling for Israel's destruction need not be changed at this juncture, but only after Israel has withdrawn from an additional 11 to 12% of Judea and Samaria. The Palestinians demanded this as a precondition for continuing the committee talks between the sides. Arafat has agreed to begin preparations for the convening of the Palestinian National Council (PNC) and the changing of the charter when the withdrawal begins. MKs Shimon Peres, Arieh Deri and others are now arguing that the PNC is dead and that it would be a mistake to revive it by requiring it to meet to revise the Palestinian Charter. The PNC is far from "dead". The PNC includes representatives of both domestic and foreign Palestinians. As Marwan Barghouti, the head of Fatah 'West Bank', told Aaron Lerner (IMRA) this week, for a final agreement to really have meaning it would need the approval of the PNC. "I think that they would need it for the legitimacy of the agreement," he noted. "The final job for the PNC is still there." According to Article XXXI of Oslo II, the PNC charter was required to be amended by May 7, 1996. On May 24, 1996, the PNC voted to give per-mission to its legal committee to consider making changes (see F.Y.I. W/E: 04-27-96/8 Iyar 5756). Since that time, the PNC, as well as the Clinton administration and several other nations, has continued to allege that it has already amended its charter when, in fact, it has not. (ARUTZ SHEVA, IMRA) 

Housing Starts Double: Housing starts in Israeli settlements in Judea, Samaria and Gaza more than doubled during the first part of this year, according to Israeli government statistics.. From January through April this year, construction of 730 new housing units began in Israeli settlements, compared to 310 during the same period last year. The in-creased building in the settlements is only a matter of natural growth, but critics charge the construction goes far beyond that level.

On June 11, 1998, the Israeli government granted Ariel the official status of a city. Prior to that time, it was considered a municipal council, town, community or a settlement. Ariel currently has a population of almost 16,000 with 33 schools and a college. There are over 150 industries in the city and adjacent area. 400 new housing units will be completed this year; 700 new housing starts are scheduled for 1999. By the year 2000, Ariel's population will exceed 20,000.

Palestinian-s, too, are taking control of as much land as they can in Judea and Samaria, anticipating a struggle over territory with Israel. Arafat used his opening speech at an emergency conference on Jerusalem this week to call for wealthy Arabs to buy property in Jerusalem, countering Jewish land purchases in the city. (VOA, CITY OF ARIEL, HA'ARETZ) 

Jerusalem Committee Meets: The Islamic Conference Organization's 16member Jerusalem Committee met this week in Morocco. The meeting's immediate cause was the desire to respond to the Israeli government's recently announced plan to expand Jerusalem's administrative boundaries (see F.Y.I. W/E: 06-27-98/3 Tammuz 5758). The Committee called on Islamic countries to stop normalizing relations with Israel until it abides by 'international legality'. The committee urged, in a final communiqu released at the end of its twoday 17th session in Casablanca, "those Islamic countries which have taken steps to normalize relations with Israel in the context of the peace process to reconsider such relations with Israel." The Islamic body also urged all countries of the world to recognize the Palestinian state, when it is proclaimed in 1999. The Jerusalem Committee, established in 1975, is an offshoot of the Organization of Islamic Conference (OIC). Members are Morocco, the PLO (which declares itself as 'Palestine'), Iran, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Syria, Iraq, Lebanon, Jordan, Bangladesh, Pakistan, Indonesia, Senegal, Guinea, Niger and Mauritania.

In a related story, Britain has informed the PA/PLO that it will support the establishment of a Palestinian state. HA'ARETZ, quoting a Saudi Arabian paper, reported that a message to this effect was conveyed to the PA/PLO's London envoy by a senior British Foreign Office official. Britain also intends to raise the status of the PA/PLO's London representation to that of embassy. (JERUSALEM POST, ARABIC-NEWS, ARUTZ SHEVA) 

On the Northern Front: Israeli planes fired rockets at Hizb'Allah routes in southern Lebanon Friday, hours after a roadside bomb killed a South Lebanon Army (SLA) soldier. At least two Israeli fighter bombers fired four missiles at terrorist infiltration paths in a valley near Jezzine in the Security Zone, A day earlier, Hizb'Allah terrorists ambushed an Israel Defense Force (IDF) squad on its way to firing practice in south Lebanon, killing one soldier and wounding five others, the army said. Another IDF force counterattacked and pursued the Shi'ite gunmen until they set off a roadside charge. No IDF soldiers were hurt in the explosion, but the Hizb'Allah terrorists escaped, apparently unharmed, military sources said. Another SLA soldier was killed Tuesday morning by an explosive device set off by terrorists while an SLA force was on patrol in the area of Beit Yahoun in the western sector of the Security Zone in southern Lebanon. Fighting was also carried out on Monday. Hizb'All-ah claimed responsibility for the attacks. (AP, JERUSALEM POST, IDF SPOKESMAN) 

Missile Depends on Russia: A security source said on Tuesday that if Russia stops providing technological aid to the Iranian missile program, the Shihab3 missile program will not reach its intended level of development, HA'ARETZ reported. "If Russian aid to Iran is not halted, a prototype missile will be ready in about a year," the source said. He stated that the Russians seem unimpressed by the moderate pressure placed on them by the US to stop helping the Iranians, and there are no signs that they intend to stop. According to the source-e, last week's trial launch would not have occurred without massive Russian aid to the Iranian missile industry. The source stated, "T-he missile is not intended for Iran's defense. The Iranians already have Scud 'B' and Scud 'C' defensive rockets, which have a shorter range. Iran seeks to be a regional power and sees itself as being committed to defend the interests of the Arab and Muslim worlds." Military sources said on Thursday that Iran is rapidly developing a more sophisticated weapon with a range of more than 1,200 miles and capable of carrying nonconventional warheads, the JERUSALEM POST reported. The new missile is called Shihab-4 and its development could be completed within the next two to five years, the sources said. Unlike the Shihab-3, the Shihab4 is a product of exclusively Russian missile technology and can carry biological, chemical or nuclear warheads. Israeli military sources said that despite its pledges, the Russian government is not significantly slowing down the pace of missile technology transfer to Iran. Iran stated that the missile fired last week was produced without foreign assistance; however, reports indicate the CIA believed Iran was getting substantial missile technology from Russia, and some from China.

In another development, Ma'ariv reported that the International Atomic Energy Council released a report expressing suspicion that Iraq is hiding materials that may be used for the development of an atomic bomb. The report comes seven years after Iraq's claim that it had aborted its plan to develop nuclear weapons. (ISRAEL LINE, AP) 

No Confidence Passes: The governing coalition lost another noconfidence vote on Monday by a vote of 42 to 20, but will remain in power as the new election law requires a majority of 61 of the 120 members of Knesset to topple the government or prime minister, HA'ARETZ reported. Netanyahu has now survived 60 noconfidence votes in the 25 months since he came to power. On Wednesday, the Knesset voted overwhelmingly in favor of a preliminary version of a law to disperse itself, although the vote has no immediate practical political consequences. The opposition was able to garner 60 votes against the government; however, it would take a total of 61 votes if this were an actual vote. (ISRAEL LINE, BBC, ARUTZ SHEVA) 

EU Seeks Support for Middle East Conference: The European Union (EU) envoy to the Middle East, Miguel Moratinos, was in Syria to discuss recent calls for an international conference on the Middle East peace process. The idea is backed by France and Egypt and Mr Moratinos has said he is seeking to build on the recent visit by the Syrian president, Hafez al Assad, to those countries. Syria has not yet responded to the FrancoEgyptian proposal. But its close ally the Lebanese government said on Monday that if such a gathering took place it should not allow Israel to modify the framework of the peace process. The Egyptian foreign minister, Amr Moussa, who is in Paris, said the conference was needed, given the failure of existing negotiations.

Meanwhile, Arafat on Monday asked the EU to increase pressure on Israel to agree to US proposals on the peace plan. "We hope international pressure will force Israel to accept [the plan]." (BBC, REUTERS) 

Hussein Has Cancer: Jordan's King Hussein is being treated at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota for lymphoma B. He is receiving chemotherapy and his doctors have said he could make a complete recovery. As a gesture, Netanyahu decided to transfer to Jordan $50 million in aid ahead of schedule, MA'ARIV reported. The transfer was to take place in a month, but instead has been moved up to Thursday. (MED, ISRAEL LINE) 

PA/PLO Bans Land Sales in Israel: The PA/PLO is now intervening in the sale of lands to Jews within the State of Israel proper. Freih AbuMadein, who holds the Justice portfolio in the PA/PLO, has called for the firing of the head of the Greek Orthodox Church in Israel because of landsales by the Church to Israelis in Nazareth, Tiberias, Jerusalem, and Acre. AbuMadein, in an interview with an Arab news-paper in the autonomy, said, "We see these sales as an attempt to uproot the members of this Church from their roots." ARUTZ SHEVA correspondent Haggai Huber-man notes that while most of the Greek Orthodox Church members in Israel and the autonomy are Arab-s, most of the Church leadership is comprised of nonArab Greeks. "The Church has material sovereignty [over the lands], but not ethical sovereignty, and its acts are a crime," said AbuMadein. In mid1997, Abu Medein set off a storm after he announced that the sale of land to Jews was considered a crime punishable by death. At least six Arabs suspected of this 'crime' have since been murdered in suspicious circumstances in PA/PLOruled areas, most recently this past month (see F.Y.I. W/E: 07-25-98/2 Av 5758). (ARUTZ SHEVA, ICEJ) 

Holland Sends Guns to PA/PLO: It was learned Tuesday that the government of Holland, who sponsored a gift of dozens of mini Ingram submachine guns to the PA/PLO, is pressuring the Israeli government to distribute them. Netanyahu last week instructed the IDF to reconsider the decision to give them to the Hebron Arabs, and Holland now claims that this is a violation of the Hebron Agreement. The Jewish Community of Hebron faxed a letter to the government of Holland, in which it wrote in part, "... For your information, the Palestinian Authority has violated all of the agreements contained in the Hebron Accords, especially concerning the possession of, and use of weapons. The PA has organized massive violent demonstrations and riots in Hebron, during which mobs of Palestinians have attacked Jewish houses, hurling rocks, boulders, explosive devices and firebombs. The Jewish Community has also been shot at. The Palestinian territory in Hebron has been transformed into a refuge for terrorists following their murderous attacks. Why, in your opinion, should these continued transgressors of the Hebron Accords be awarded lethal submachine guns?" (ARUTZ SHEVA) 

==============
FYI - Israel In The News "For Zion's sake will I not hold my peace, and for Jerusalem's sake I will not rest" Isaiah 62:1

'F.Y.I.' may be reproduced & distributed in any form. Please give proper credit.  Send comments to Lee Underwood at: fyi@tzemach.org        (Do not send subscription requests here) Web site: http://www.tzemach.org/fyi To subscribe/unsubscribe, send request to: fyi-list-request@tzemach.org      For subscriptions, in the subject area, enter:  subscribe (Do not enter anything else)      To unsubscribe, in the subject area, enter:  unsubscribe (Do not enter anything else) 
===============
******************************************
How to Continue the Christian Life 
by George Sweeting 

DIVINE LOVE Bring God's love into YOUR life Love has been used to describe everything from your spouse of 25
years, to a teen-age movie idol, to the way you feel about pancakes. However, divine love is so awesome it defies description. There's no neat definition that encompasses all the avenues God's love may take. His perfect love is available to fill you, and through His love you can love others.
This is how YOU can be filled with God's love:

  1 Understand the source of all love, which is God. To love, you need a personal relationship with the source of all love, so you can see and feel love in action.

  2 Follow after love. Goals are important, and love is one of the most important goals a person can have. It must be pursued relentlessly. D.L. Moody advised, "Preach to the people the importance of God's love. If they are right in that area, they'll be right 95 percent of the time." 

  3 Pray for God's love. 
Start each day by praying that God's love will overflow into your life and make you a "lover."   

4 Seek the fruit of the Holy Spirit, one of which is love.
    Fruit comes slowly. It takes a seed, a flower, pollination, sunshine, rain, and contrary winds to produce the finished fruit. That's true in life, too. Too many people make the mistake of struggling for the fruit of the Spirit without     submitting to the Holy Spirit himself. The secret of fullness of love is the fullness of the Holy Spirit.

  5 Love by faith. Some people are harder to love than others.
    Think of a person who is difficult to love. Then, in an act of genuine faith, resolve to love that person. Pray for him.

    Ask God to bless him. Seek to make a difference in his life.
    Prayer for others has a boomerang effect - it benefits the one who prays it as well as the one you pray for.
-----------
(c) 1998. Used by permission of Moody Press, Chicago, Ill., 1-800-678-6928. http://www.moodypress.org 
******************************************
"For the mind set on the flesh is death, but the mind set on the spirit is life and peace" Romans 8:6
By Terry Denbow
Have you ever had your mind set on something; where you're so determined to do something there's no stopping you?  

Pharaoh had his mind set on not giving in to Moses and the children of Israel.  The plagues kept coming but his mind was made up.  He wasn't going to let the people go.  He wasn't going to bow to Moses' God.  He dug his heels in and allowed his stubborn pride to rule his heart and because of this death came.  Death to many of the Egyptians; even to his own son.

In this verse it says if your mind is set on the spirit there is life and peace.  Isn't this what people are looking for;  a life and some peace?  Even the gospel has been turned around to say if you come to Jesus you'll have a better life.  That He will give you peace and a brand new life.  Like He's a great deal...try Him!  But that isn't why you come to Jesus.  You come because you are a sinner and sinners go to hell.  You come to Jesus because you have sinned against a holy God and need a Savior.  There is no other way to get to heaven and have your sins forgiven.  Jesus said that He is the only way the only truth and the only life.  Even going to church, singing songs, and participating in "Christian things" don't give you life and peace.  Only you bowing down to a holy and righteous God and asking for forgiveness and Him having mercy on your soul then giving you grace can you even begin to have life and peace. 

So why do so many of us, who call ourselves Christians, still struggle with having life and peace?  Because we need a different mind set.  Take inventory.  What consumes most of your time and thoughts.  Is it things that cater to your flesh or to God?  Are your thoughts about your rights, your way, your time or are you meditating on His word?  Are the palms of your hands consistently turned down, grabbing what you want, making sure you're first then ending up feeling unsatisfied and empty?  Or are they turned up praising the Father with a heart of thanksgiving and gratitude?  Are your eyes looking for Jesus or do you find yourself complaining and murmuring because the world is not like you think it should be.  Are you digging in your heels refusing to bow down to Lord? 

 Your mind must be set on the spirit and not the flesh.  Remember: flesh=death and spirit=life & peace.

So how can you do that?  I've found that being stubborn can work for you!  Make up your mind to obey and yield to the spirit and not your flesh.  Be determined to obey no matter what kind of a fit the flesh throws.  Believe me, (because I know)  if your flesh has been in control it won't let go easily.  Oh and of course who's right there to encourage it?  You got it, the liar and deceiver and enemy of your soul...the devil and his cronies.  They encourage you with things like, " You know your right.  You deserve that.  Is that fair?  You better look out for yourself, no one else will.  Quick, do something, before you miss out."  He'll also lace everything with fear and false promises that if you only had this you would be happy.  Or because you don't have this you can't be happy.  When all the while contentment eludes you and happiness is promised by something that is just outside of your reach.  So there you are reaching out to someone or something that will ultimately disappoint you.  Instead of yielding to your flesh, yield to God and resist the lies of the devil.  Stop living for your flesh and His word will instruct you and His Spirit will teach, lead and guide you.  Dwell on things that bring God glory and magnify His name.  Let your mouth be filled with praise and not complaints.  Let His love fill you as you empty yourself of self and replace it with love for others.  Take your time and energy exalting the King in your life instead of yourself, and then the peace and the life will come.  

Jesus took a back seat so that He could pay the price for our sins.  He was exalted to the highest position in heaven.  Selflessness is learned through submitting ourselves to the will of the Father. Selfishness comes naturally.  Love is learned by experiencing the love Jesus has for us.  Hate comes from not forgiving.  The way to getting is giving and He gave all He had.  The mind set on the spirit is life and peace.  The mind set on the flesh is death.  

Jesus had a mind set too.  He set His mind to obey the Father no matter what and it cost Him and it cost Him His life.  He would let nothing detour Him from this obedience.  Pharaoh set his mind on the flesh and it brought death.  Jesus set His mind on the Spirit and it brought life and peace.  Are you bringing life and peace into the lives of others?  Or death?  The flesh must be put to death of having it's own way that Jesus can bring about the life and peace we so adamantly pursue.

"Truly, truly, I say to you unless a grain of wheat falls into the earth and dies, it remains by itself alone; but if it dies, it bears much fruit.  He who loves his life loses it; and he who hates his life in this world shall keep it to life eternal."
John 12:24&25   
