----------------------------
PropheZine #56
Wednesday, May 1, 1998
Bob Lally Publisher
Mimi Nila Senior Editor
Kim Koster Asst. Editor

Bob Lally.................A Brief Message
Mimi Nila.................Welcome to PropheZine

ARTICLES
John L. Terry, III  CEC..........Where Are We In Bible Prophesy?
Berit Kjos.......................The Memory of the World
Ron Wallace...................Restoration Of Israel's Dry Bones
John L. Terry, III CEC ........Y2K Fact or Fiction (Part II) 
Chuck Missler.............Behold a Pale Horse (PART II)
David Hocking..............Radical Islam Takes Center Stage

PROPHEZINE NEWSBYTES
World Net Daily.................Privacy Has Become An Anachronism
ABC News Online............. Futuristic Medicine Now Heads Up for 
Transplants 
ITAA's Year 2000 Outlook ....... Koskinen Walks Wire at Industry 
Breakfast
Joseph Farah,........Commentary :The Dumbing Down of Christianity
Lee Underwood ..................F.Y.I. - Israel in the News


Ken Onweller ............................Eight Signs Of The Messiah
Wanda Pocklington...................SOMETHINGS  TO  THINK  ABOUT  
*************************************
Greetings:

This past month has been very exciting for PropheZine.  We have refined 
the PropheZine News Bites and produce what I believe to be the finest 
collection of Bible Prophecy related news on the net.  We currently have 
over 450 subscribers who receive the News Bites 3 times each week. You 
may subscribe from the home page (http://www.prophezine.com).

We also hired 3 Assistant Editors to help Mimi with the PropheZine 
Newsletter.  If you have articles or know of a good web site with 
articles please let Mimi know by contacting her at Mnila@ibm.net.

We also brought on board a number of new Prayer Warriors.  Maybe you 
would like to join the Prayer Warrior Team.  If so, contact Greg Shambo 
at gshambo@solve.net.

Lastly, we have over 70 audio messages on the web site by speakers such 
as Scott Pearson, Jack Van Impe, Sherlock Bally, J.R. Church, Avi Lipkin 
(Israeli Intelligence), Gary Kah, Dr. Tim Lahaye, Grant Jeffrey, Hal 
Lindsey, Perry Stone and many more.  You can get to these messages from 
the home page.

If you are interested in joining the PropheZine Team or feel led to help 
in some way please contact me at bobslally@prophezine.com.

God Bless,

Bob Lally
Webmaster
Senior Editor
bobslally@prophezine.com

**************************************
Hello Everyone, Welcome to PropheZine #56

I pray that this newsletter finds your family and friends who do not 
know Jesus Christ, closer to beginning a relationship with Him.  Time is 
getting shorter for us to share His love with those we love, and for 
them to know eternal life in Jesus Christ.  So much is changing in our 
world so rapidly.  Our only hope is in Him and we are accountable to 
proclaim His kingdom to the lost.   

1 Cor 10-15 10By the grace God has given me, I laid a foundation as an 
expert builder, and someone else is building on it. But each one should 
be careful how he builds.
11For no one can lay any foundation other than the one already laid, 
which is Jesus Christ. 
12If any man builds on this foundation using gold, silver, costly 
stones, wood, hay or straw, 
13his work will be shown for what it is, because the Day will bring it 
to light. It will be revealed with fire, and the fire will test the 
quality of each man's work. 
14If what he has built survives, he will receive his reward. 
15If it is burned up, he will suffer loss; he himself will be saved, but 
only as one escaping through the flames..  

I hope you will enjoy this issue of Prophezine.  We at Prophezine are 
working very hard in trying to stay on top of the latest prophecy 
current events and present articles relating todays world with Bible 
Prophecy.

In His Service,

Mimi Nila
Mnila@ibm.net





***************************************************
Where Are We In Bible Prophesy?
By:  John L. Terry, III  CEC

Revelation 1:10-11:     "On the Lord's day I was in the Spirit and I 
heard a loud voice behind me that sounded like a trumpet.  The voice 
said: 'Write what you see in  a book and send it to the seven 
churches..."

Revelation 1:19:  "So write the things you see, what is now and what 
will happen  later..."

Revelation 4:1  "After the vision of these things (the messages to the 
seven  churches), I looked and before me was an open door in heaven.  
And the same voice  that spoke to me before, that sounded like a 
trumpet, said: 'Come up here and I will show you what must happen after 
this..."

John, a first century Christian, was given an extraordinary glimpse into 
the future.  
He was allowed to see the end of this age, and the beginning of the age 
to come, when Christ would once again dwell with man as in the Garden of 
Eden.  His eyes viewed, and his mind sought to comprehend, the events 
that transpired before him.

Imagine the wonderment, the curiosity, the puzzlement, and surprise at 
the things John viewed from his celestial vantagepoint.  As he sat down 
to write down the  things he had seen and heard, it must be remembered 
that John saw future events  with a first-century knowledge of time, 
space, and technology.  As we attempt to  unravel the threads of his 
writings, we must consider how a first century writer  would interpret 
in words the wonders that he must have seen and heard.

How would he describe a telephone?  an automobile?  a television?  An 
airplane?  

What imagery could John have used to describe the technologies and 
events as he presents these images to us in his Revelation?  

Could it be that he was viewing  technologies of today that point to the 
rise of Antichrist and the end of this age?

Let's look briefly at significant prophetic events as told by John and 
other prophets,  as well as some technologies paving the way to a 
cashless society which point the  way to the rise of Antichrist and the 
period of time we call The Great Tribulation...

Ezekiel 38-39  Gog and Magog

A recent symposium of America's top Pre-Tribulation Bible prophesy 
teachers was  held in Dallas to discuss where the Church was in relation 
to Prophetic teachings.  The consensus of the group was that the next 
significant event to transpire in Bible  prophesy is that Israel will go 
to war with Russia and its Middle East allies.  The  British Telegraph, 
Israeli intelligence, and hints from our own military indicate this  
event may occur within the next 6-12 months.

Reuters, The Middle East Digest, and Arutz News have all documented the 
massive build-up of arms in the Middle East by enemies of Israel.  Many 
of these high-tech  weapons have been provided by Russia.  A recent 
announcement by our own  military regarding the inoculation of our Armed 
Forces for Anthrax points to a heightened sense of conflict brewing in 
the Middle East.  

Iraq is known to possess biological weapons of mass destruction, 
including Anthrax and V-7 (one of the deadliest biological weapons ever 
created), and now has the  warhead capabilities to strike long-range 
targets.  Israel has promised to retaliate with overwhelming force  if 
attacked (terminology frequently used to indicate a nuclear retaliatory 
strike).

Terrorism is at an all time high, and the United States support of 
Israel makes us a prime target for attack.  Consider the devastation 
that could be imposed on an unsuspecting public if chemical or 
biological agents were introduced into our water supplies or our mass 
transit systems (as occurred recently in the Far East).Russia 
cannot account for at least 10 Neutron bombs, suitcase-size nuclear 
weapons with enough explosive force to level a city.

Wouldn't it be just like God to reveal Himself to the world, just before 
the rapture of the church.  He hasn't made a significant revelation of 
Himself to the world since the birth of Christ.  Wouldn't it be just 
like God to move sovereignly against Russia and the Middle Eastern 
Alliance, as prophesied in Ezekiel 39, wiping them out in
such a miraculous way that all the world would have to say, "There is a 
God!" and then rapture His church away?  Many of the scholars at this 
symposium believe that this is exactly what is going to happen.

Revelation 13:1-18  The Beast & His Mark

(vs. 16-18)  "The second beast also forced all people, small and great, 
rich and poor, free and slave, to have a mark on their right hand or on 
their forehead.  No one could buy or sell without this mark, which is 
the name of the beast or the number of its name.  This takes wisdom.  
Let the one who has understanding find the meaning of the number, which 
is the number of a person.  Its number is six hundred sixty six."

The "Mark of the Beast" has been debated and discussed over the years.  
It is a tattoo, a brand, a microchip implant...what is this "Mark" and 
what is the meaning of the number 666?  Let's consider today's 
technology and how John would have tried to translate it into words the 
readers of his day could understand...

Information Week Magazine (10/11/1993) tells us the fastest growing 
movement in the financial world is "smart cards".  Smart cards resemble 
credit cards, but contain a tiny chip capable of storing data and 
interacting with various computerized financial and information systems.  
Already widely used in Europe and Japan, smart cards are rapidly 
becoming an accepted part of U.S. and global finance.

PC Week Magazine (5/9/94) had an article entitled "Postal Service, IRS 
Developing National Identity Cards; Clinton May Give Okay."  The goal of 
this project, endorsed by Bill Clinton, is to create an identification 
card for every American that will interact with any federal  government.  
This same card could be connected with an individual's bank accounts and 
eliminate the need for carrying cash. Thus, a single card could handle a 
person's financial, healthcare, and identification affairs...with every 
transaction monitored and recorded by a central computer system or 
independent systems sharing data globally.

The January, 1997 Inauguration of Bill Clinton was the stage for the
implementation of the GSA (General Services Administration) Government 
Smart Card.  This program is being expanded to include all agencies of 
the Federal Government, and plans are in the works to issue similar 
cards to all persons receiving government assistance (including Medicare 
and Social Security) in the near future.  An entire website on the 
Internet, SmartGov, is dedicated to detailing the plans of the U.S. 
Government in expanding Smart Card technology in the public and private 
sector.

The Federal Telecommunications System 2000 Act, signed quietly into law 
in 1991, requires all computer and phone lines to be connected via a 
high tech computer network by the Year 2000.  According to a published 
report of FTS2000 by KC and Associates, "The system is quite 
real...there is no question that once it is in place, one will neither 
buy nor sell without being very much a part of the system."  President 
Clinton, in his state of the Union address in January, 1994 said,
"we must work with the private sector to connect every classroom, every 
clinic, every library, every hospital in America into a National 
Information Superhighway by the Year 2000."

Beginning in 1974, the UPC symbol was introduced into America, and later 
adopted around the world.  The UPC symbol is a series of bar codes which 
allow for computer identification of goods.  Inventory, pricing, and 
tracking of goods by computer is now a reality.  Eventually, no product 
produced in the world will be able to be bought or sold without this 
identifying mark.

On January 1, 1993, a significant event occurred in Europe.  The members 
of the European Community officially formed the United States of Europe.  
Reporters called this event, "a brand new roman empire reconstructed."  
The European Community has decided to merge its currencies into one 
standard currency beginning in 1999.  A single currency for all of 
Europe...the Revised Roman Empire...will be introduced, and we move one 
step closer to a one world currency.

David Banisar, a reporter for CAQ Magazine in his 1997 article "Big 
Brother Goes High Tech" reported that high speed networks with advanced 
intelligence that exist today can create instant comprehensive dossiers 
on ANY person with a single identification number (social security, 
drivers license, etc...) without the need for a centralized computer 
system.  The Internet has made this possible.  In this same article, 
Banisar reports the "next generation" of Smart Cardwill be even smarter.  
Not only will the card be able to interact with financial, healthcare, 
and information systems worldwide, it will be able to transmit its 
location.  The FBI is producing micro-miniature electronics systems for 
surveillance systems, including a microphone on a chip.

The problem with smart cards is that they can be lost or stolen.  Plus, 
the computer system has no way of knowing if the person using the card 
is really the person to whom the card was issued.  Thus, the potential 
for fraud and abuse still exist.  In order for this system to be fully 
controllable, the computer must be able to identify that the user is who 
he says he is.  Thus, there must be some means of "attaching" a smart 
card to a person permanently.

Thus, enter the technology of Biometrics...the integrating of man and 
machine.  We've been successfully using Biometrics since the 19th 
century, when fingerprinting became commonplace.  Biometrics is the 
science of using man's unique physical characteristics as a means of 
identification, marking if you will.

Science has experimented, and currently uses Hand Geometry, which 
measures the lengths and distances between fingers.  The US, 
Netherlands, Canada, and Germany utilize a CDS system which allows 
travelers to present a card and place their hand on a scanner which 
verifies their identity and notifies numerous databases worldwide of the 
travelers activities.  Plans are to soon require all international  
travelers to use the card and scanning system.

Facial recognition and facial thermography are also being utilized.  
Facial recognition is based on measuring facial curves from several 
angles, digitizing the information, and doing a computer verification 
with existing images in a computer database or on a card.  Facial 
thermography measures the unique characteristic heat patters emitted by 
65,000 temperature points on the human face.  The accuracy of these 
technologies surpasses traditional fingerprinting.

The Government of Thailand uses a combination of government-issued ID 
with electronic fingerprint and facial imaging to track their entire 
population.  The military/police Interior Ministry coordinates the 
program, allowing them unprecedented access  and control of the 
activities of each individual in their country.  Several other 
developing countries are considering this technology.

Kiplinger Personal Finance (12/97) in an article entitled "A Handy Form 
of Identification"  reported frequent travelers between the U.S. and 
Canada no longer need a passport, they simply have their hand scanned to 
verify their identification.  Lotus Development Corp. in Cambridge, Mass 
uses hand scanners to allow parents to access their children's day care 
center.  Hewlett Packard uses similar technology to allow employees 
access to a company health and fitness center.  Industry analysts 
predict hand scanners and other biometric devices will replace soon all 
locks, even the locks on your car and home.

Technology is being tested which will place a biometric scanner on a 
mouse, providing identification verification on the Internet.  Voice & 
face recognition software are currently being implemented on many 
computer systems, and will be standard equipment in the next 5 years or 
less.

Computerworld (2/3/97) reported ATM machines in Indiana will be 
installed with fingerprint readers as a security precaution.  These 
readers will use digital technology to identify a customer before 
allowing access to his or her money.  Once a fingerprint is in the 
bank's system, there is no longer any need for PIN numbers.  Your 
fingerprint becomes a "one digit" PIN.

Digital fingerprinting, as it is known, analyzes the key points of a 
person's unique fingerprints and assigns numerical values to them, thus 
marking them.  This technology far surpasses other forms of biometric 
identification, allowing each person's own fingerprints and handprints 
to become an "identifying mark" which can be used for identification, 
and financial, and healthcare transactions worldwide.  This is 
literally, a mark on the hand.

Sensar, Inc., a New Jersey based company, is now offering eye-scanning 
to ATM manufacturers as an alternative to passwords and pin numbers for 
ATM machines.  On December 3 in New Orleans, this technology was 
demonstrated at the Banking Administration Institute's Conference.

No special lighting is needed, nor do sunglasses, contacts, or 
prescription glasses affect the camera.  The human iris has 250 
features, unique to each person (compared with 40 for fingerprints), and 
remain constant through a person's life (unlike a voice or a face).  
Fingerprint and hand patterns can be altered by surgery or because of an 
injury.  Even identical twins do not have identical irises.  The iris in 
each person remains the same from 18 months after birth until 5 minutes 
after you die, reports Rob Van Naarden, vice president of Sensar 
marketing and sales.  

The system works like this, when a person puts a bank card into the ATM, 
a camera locates the face, finds the eye, and takes a digital image of 
the iris at a distance of up to three feet.  The computer code is then 
stored and checked when the client returns to use the machine again.  
This is a non-invasive procedure, and can be done without the client's 
knowledge.  Forgery is eliminated, as the camera looks for blood flow 
and the pulsing of the eye as it scans.  If the camera sees no pulsing 
or blood flow, the eye is either dead or a photograph, and access to the 
ATM is denied.   Once several readings have been stored, the computer 
selects the best digital iris image and uses it for all future 
comparisons.  The client no longer needs a bankcard to access the ATM.  
His eye becomes his "identifying mark" to provide him with access to his 
money.

Now, consider this technology as it would have been seen by a first 
century writer named John.  How else would John describe a hand scanner, 
a fingerprint scanner, an iris scanner, or other technology?  Man was 
marked...by the very organs that God himself created...as part of the 
Antichrist system.

In Mankind's attempt to become like God, man himself becomes a number, 
and as the cashless system of Antichrist takes shape, technology becomes 
a tool of control.  Consider that a global financial network will 
eventually route all financial transactions worldwide through a computer 
system in Belgium known as "The Beast."  Consider that the computer 
access code to this supercomputer is the same number that appears on all 
UPC codes, that is now appearing in the smart cards being issued 
today...it is the number 666.

Lastly, consider a new technology being developed by British Telecom and 
the United States known as the Soul Catcher.  This computer device, 
implanted behind the eye and attached directly to the nerve cells 
entering the brain, will record the events that we see, hear, taste, 
touch, and smell, and be able to record these images on computer.   
Consider the ultimate in virtual reality...a computer can record what 
you see, hear, say, and do...and whoever has access to these files has
access to your life.  If this technology is fully developed as its 
researchers predict, we will be able to not only download data from a 
person's mind to a disk, we will be able to upload that same information 
into the mind of another.

Whoever controls this technology, controls you.  The "elitist" never 
have to die.  They are simply cloned and their life experience is 
uploaded into their fully developed clone...or simply the portions the 
controlling government wishes to have uploaded.  Imagine if you will a 
world leader who is shot and killed.  He is cloned and his life 
experience is uploaded...thus he is reborn.  Could John have been 
describing this event when he spoke of the beast with the death wound on 
his head that was "healed?"  Could Satan use man's technology to cheat 
death and give the illusion of a resurrection?

The technology exists at this moment today to link the world as never 
before.  The cashless society is being promoted to us on a daily basis.  
The push for a global system is accelerating, the economies of the world 
rest on a financial soap bubble on the verge of rupturing.  When the 
bubble pops, a man will rise with a solution.  He will take control of 
these technologies and use them to control the world, and the world will 
see him as a Savior.  He will be called Antichrist.  How close are we to 
the End of the World as we know it...closer than you may think!

***************************************************
The Memory of the World
by Berit Kjos 

"The course of history must not appear to our young people as a 
chronicle which strings events together indiscriminately, but, as in a 
play, only the important events, those which have a major impact on 
life, should be portrayed." 1

Nazism: A History in Documents and Eyewitness Accounts, 1983). 

In The Giver ­ a Newbery Award winning book by Lois Lowry book read in 
elementary schools from coast to coast ­ a wise old man has been the 
sole keeper of the historical record. When a boy is chosen to take his 
place, the old "Giver" must select the historical experiences important 
enough to be supernaturally communicated to the new Receiver of 
Memories. 

Frightening thought? Yet something similar is happening today. A 
colorful pamphlet I picked up at the UN Conference on Human Settlements 
(Habitat II) in Istanbul two years ago announced the launching of a new 
program by UNESCO ­ United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural 
Organization. Called the "Memory of the World", it-
aims to safeguard endangered documentary heritage, make this heritage 
accessible to as many people as possible and increase awareness of its 
significance. Digitization techniques are seen as the key...2

Since education and research is fast shifting from text books to 
computer programs, it makes sense. History lessons must be digitized 
before they can be taught to students around the world. But whose 
history and which cultures will be given priority? Who will decide?"

The UNESCO pamphlet tells us that its 

Memory of the World register will list documentary heritage of world 
significance in a similar way to UNESCO's World Heritage List of 
cultural and natural sites. In this way it is hoped to raise awareness 
of the world's collective memory and those particular parts which are at 
risk.

This "collective memory" points back to the common elements in earth-
centered cultures that preceded the spread of Christianity. Apparently, 
their idealized myths show people who supposedly lived in peace and 
unity through the guidance of nature spirits or a pantheistic force. 
Today, these earth-centered religions provide models for a new global 
spirituality that would unify people around the world. 

Following this pattern, New Zealand has already begun filming and 
digitizing Maori (indigenous people whose immigration preceded 
Europeans) culture as part of its historical archive of memories. Its 
emphasis on storytelling and visual images instead of facts and books 
follows the pattern of former historical revision projects. "There was a 
new emphasis on pre-history," 3 wrote the editors of "Nazism: A History 
in Documents and Eyewitness Accounts".

Here in America, the University of Minnesota is digitizing a collection 
of African-American literature. But "not the entire Givens collection, 
"explained Carol Urness, acting head of Special Collections. "We will 
focus on the parts that are visually interesting and important, to 
create a unique package that will get more people interested in and 
excited about the collection." 

Funding from the Library of Congress/Ameritech Digital Library will pave 
the way for other projects such as "Early Maps of Russia" and "turn-of-
the-century scenic backdrops from the Performing Arts archives used to 
promote stock scenery in Victorian, vaudeville and Masonic theaters." As 
in New Zealand, entertaining multicultural images are in, while positive 
historical facts about Christianity and Western culture are apparently 
being phased out. 

This program fits our education goals. "Nations that stick to stale old 
notions and ideologies will falter and fail," said President Bush when 
introducing the Republican version of the international education 
program.. "New schools for a new world.... Re-invent--literally start 
from scratch and reinvent the America school." 4 

President Clinton has proved even more eager to "reinvent" our schools 
in preparation for the envisioned global unity. A master at spin 
control, he challenges us to see beyond his flowery promises to his plan 
for ultimate oneness. 5

"Every community has places of historic value that tell our stories as 
Americans," said Clinton in his 1998 State of the Union address. "We 
should protect them. I am proposing a public private partnership to 
advance our arts and humanities and to celebrate the millennium by 
saving America's treasures, great and small. While we honor the past, 
let us imagine the future." 

Whose past will Clinton honor? How will those images be used to imagine 
the "right" kind of future? Could his plan be linked to the UNESCO 
project? 

If that suggestion sounds too outlandish, know that Clinton led the 1989 
Governor's Conference on Education which chose the same six education 
goals for our nation that UNESCO announced the following year for its 
worldwide program. President Clinton added two goals to the original six 
before he signed our massive education program called Goals 2000 into 
law in 1994. The two new goals called for parental participation and 
teacher certification ­ and both were included in UNESCO's 1973 plan for 
lifelong learning and global citizenship. This UNESCO blueprint, written 
25 years ago, includes all the main points listed in Goals 2000. Few 
realize that our education system is simply the U.S. branch of UNESCO's 
worldwide system of Education for All. 6

The Giver helps children imagine a community where every human resource 
is managed, trained, assigned jobs, and monitored by leaders with 
absolute control. Only the retiring Giver know the facts ­ and these 
must be transmitted through sensory experiences, not books and 
libraries. 

Books are being phased out in England as well. Its National Monuments 
Record Centre is digitizing its collection of historic buildings and 
archeological sites. Referring to its educational programs, primary 
teacher Carol Rainbow told the BBC: 

Whereas before in a book there was page after page of text, and they had 
a problem accessing that information, now they can just look at a 
picture and see everything that that's happening in history without ever 
really having to read. 7

Visual and other sensory experiences based on mythical stories can 
create memories which surpass facts in their power to sway beliefs. 
"Given a few bogus details and a little prodding, about a quarter of 
adults can be convinced they remember childhood adventures that never 
happened,"8 explained a 1997 report by the Associated Press. It 
described a meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of 
Science, where leading psychologists discussed experiments that "plant 
false memories in the brain." These "often become as real as genuine 
ones - indeed, perhaps even more so."

Remember, "history lessons" that use mythical stories to manipulate the 
imagination, challenge old realities, plant new memories, and promote 
new beliefs have proven effective in totalitarian regimes. Today these 
tactics blend with sophisticated "information technology" that easily 
makes the fantasy seem more real and irresistible than true reality.

Only minds grounded in truth and facts can withstand the seductions of 
the new sophisticated propaganda for a new global society. 

Clinton ended his 1998 State of the Union address to Congress with a 
vision that looks good on the surface: "We must learn together," he 
said. " Americans of all backgrounds can hammer out a --common identity. 
We are many. We must be one." 

UNESCO's chosen Memories of the World will surely speed us toward a 
"common identity" and oneness that rule out biblical truth and 
traditional values. Our nation seems ready to follow. A new generation 
of children are accepting a "collective memory" based on multicultural 
beliefs. Most young people have forgotten their roots. They never 
learned to sing God bless America. And with the passing of historical 
integrity, freedom itself will become history ­ and few will know what 
happened. 

What can we do? 

- Pray for your children, your family, your leaders, and your nation. 
This is spiritual war, and only God can slow the spread of evil and 
preserve freedom in this land. 

- Teach your children to love truth and know our history so that their 
understanding of God, people and the world will be based on the firm 
foundation of truth, facts, and logic not the shifting sands of myths, 
feelings, and imagination. 

- Remember that true peace and unity can only be found in Jesus Christ. 
Through the storms of life, He has promised to be our Shepherd, our 
King, our Strength, and our Shelter. In Him, we are free, no matter what 
happens in the world.

For in John 8:31-32, He promised that 

"If you abide in My word, you are My disciples indeed. And you shall 
know the truth, and the truth shall make you free." (John 8:31-32)

***************

Read about The Giver at our website or in Brave New Schools (Harvest 
House Publishers) Available through Christian bookstores  or call 800-
829-5646. 

ENDNOTES: 
1. Nazism: A History in Documents and Eyewitness Accounts, 1919-1945, 
edited by J. Noakes and G. Pridham in cooperation with the Department of 
History and Archaeology at the University of Exeter (New York: Schocken 
Books, Inc., 1983), pp. 446.
2. UNESCO Newz, The Newsletter of the New Zealand National Commission 
for UNESCO, Issue 34, November 1996. 
3. Nazism, 438.
4.Former President George Bush announcing America 2000, White House, 
April 18, 1991. America 2000: An Education Strategy (Washington: The 
U.S. Department of Education, 1991), 50, 51, 55.
5. See my recent article, "Clinton's War on Hate bans Christian Values."
6. If you find this hard to believe, visit our web site 
<www.beritkjos.com> for documentation.
7. See BBC web site: 
http://news.bbc.co.uk/hi/english/sci/tech/newsid_60000/60547.stm
8. "Researchers easily implant seeds of bogus memories,"The Arizona 
Republic, February 16, 1997.

For more information about "lifelong" training in the new global values, 
read Brave New Schools (Harvest House Publishers) and A Twist of Faith 
(New Leaf Press - 800-643-9535) by Berit Kjos. Available through 
Christian bookstores, web site: http://www.beritkjos.com call 800-643-
9535.

***************************************************
RESTORATION OF ISRAEL'S DRY BONES 
The Regathering of Israel from a Pre-wrath perspective 
By R. g. Wallace 

The original promises given to Abram and extended to Isaac, Jacob and 
then to the entire "physical" nation of Israel, that God brought into 
existence at The Exodus involve both a spiritual and a physical future 
for that nation. Neither the physical blessings nor the spiritual 
blessings have been completely fulfilled for the nation of Israel. In 
order for that to take place, Israel must once again reside in the land 
area that God promised to them through Abram. The statement at Joshua 
21:43-45 does not refer to a "complete" fulfillment of the promises to 
Abraham but to a fulfillment of the promises made to the "fathers" at 
the time the nation was delivered from Egypt some 47 years earlier. 
Furthermore, the "promised blessings" are yet unfulfilled based on the 
information God gave to Moses concerning the future apostasy, discipline 
and final restoration of the nation of Israel. 

God prophesied that the nation would be removed from their land by 
divine discipline and be scattered throughout the world (Deut. 28:58-66; 
Lev. 26:27-39). This was fulfilled two times in the nation's history. 
The first time the national discipline was administered by the Chaldean 
Empire for a 70 year period from 605 to 536 BC. The second time was 
administered by Rome in 70 AD and remains in force to this very day. 

However, there are also promises of restoration from this time of 
discipline and captivity as recorded at Lev. 26:40-45. That was 
fulfilled the first time in 536 BC under the political administration of 
Cyrus of Persia. Isaiah, Jeremiah and Ezekiel record for us the promises 
of this restoration but in addition, use language of restoration which 
was not fulfilled in 536 BC. Indeed, they look to a distant future 
restoration from a "different" dispersion which carries with it the 
promise of NEVER, EVER being oppressed again. It is because of these 
promises that Israel must once again be restored "physically" to her 
land as deliverance from the Roman dispersion of 70 AD and to be 
"physically" secured in her land, never to be oppressed again. 

Furthermore, it is apparent that Israel needs to be in the land in order 
for THE COVENANT of peace of Daniel 9:27 to have any significance. It is 
also obvious by the nature of the covenant and the worship activity that 
is practiced, that Israel will be in a spiritual condition of unbelief. 
That is, occupied with the sacrificial system instead of embracing Jesus 
as the Messiah. Thus, there needs to be a regathering of the Jews from 
around the world into the land of Palestine where they can be the 
recipient of the "little help" that is offered them according to Dan. 
11:34. Hindsight is always wonderful in these situations and I shall 
certainly take advantage of it to recognize in some Old Testament 
prophecies the regathering of Israel (in unbelief) for the purpose of a 
refining and purifying that will result in their conversion to the true 
Messiah, Jesus Christ. 

Ezek. 34:11-13a, 

"For thus says the Lord GOD, "Behold, I Myself will search for My sheep 
and seek them out. As a shepherd cares for his herd in the day when he 
is among his scattered sheep, so I will care for MY sheep and will 
deliver them from all the places to which they were scattered on a 
cloudy and gloomy day. And I will bring them out from the peoples and 
gather them from the countries and bring them to their own land;" 

This passage tells us of a regathering of Israel into their own land 
from a world-wide dispersion. 

Ezek. 34:13b-14, 


"and I will feed them on the mountains of Israel, by the streams, and in 
all the inhabited places of the land. I will feed them in a good 
pasture, and their grazing ground will be on the mountain heights of 
Israel. There they will lie down in good grazing ground, and they will 
feed in rich pasture on the mountains of Israel." 

This speaks of great material prosperity that will exist for the nation 
when they are regathered, although still in the condition of unbelief. 
The general mineral wealth that exists in Palestine is well known and 
certainly does not need to be documented here. In addition, Israel has 
worked wonders in bringing agricultural stability to a land once 
stripped bare and cursed by God. 

Ezek. 34:15-16, 

"I will feed My flock and I will lead them to rest, declares the Lord 
GOD. I will seek the lost, bring back the scattered, bind up the broken, 
and strengthen the sick; but the fat and the strong I will destroy. I 
will feed them with judgment." 

However, here we see that even after the regathering of Israel into a 
land that produces great material prosperity, there still exists the 
need to "purge" from among them the spiritual rebels. "To feed them with 
judgment," refers to the purging process that takes place both before 
and after the arrival of the Day of the LORD. Before the Day, both prior 
to and during the great tribulation, the purging process will prepare 
many to trust in the true Messiah after He comes on the scene at that 
time. And afterwards, that purging process will continue to evangelize 
the nation to prepare them to inherit the earthly kingdom over which
Jesus will reign for 1000 years. 


Ezek. 34:17-24 describes the final stage of this "purging" with the end 
result that there is placed over the nation "one shepherd" in the person 
of "My servant David . . . to be prince among them." 

And then Ezek. 34:25-31 describes the conditions on the physical earth 
in a "covenant of peace" with Yahweh God in which "they will no longer 
be a prey to the nations" (v. 28) and "not again be victims of famine in 
the land." (v. 29). This purging process is mentioned at - 

Daniel 11:35 


"And those who have insight (those who have trusted in Jesus as the 
Messiah) will fall (suffer persecution) in order to refine, purge and 
make them pure (evangelistic outreach to the Jews of the land), until 
the end time (The Day of the LORD)." 

God has been dealing with Israel and will continue to deal with Israel, 
not because of any merits within that nation, but because of God's 
character which is unchangeable. He has promised and will not break "the 
word of His mouth" nor retract the "chosen" status of Israel. But it 
will all be done for His own glory
and not because Israel deserves or merits it. 

Ezek. 36:22-24, 
Therefore, say to the house of Israel, Thus says the Lord GOD, It is not 
for your sake, O house of Israel, that I am about to act, but for My 
holy name, which you have profaned among the nations where you went. And 
I will vindicate the holiness of My great name which has been profaned 
among the nations, which you have profaned in their midst. Then the 
nations will know that I am the LORD," declares the Lord GOD, when I 
prove Myself holy among you in their sight. For I will take you from the 
nations, gather you from all the lands, and bring you into your own 
land." 

It should be clear from this passage that at the time that God begins 
the regathering of Israel, the nation is still in unbelief. The nation 
is still in the condition of "profaning His name among the nations," 
which has occurred because of the continued national rejection of Jesus 
Christ as the Messiah. God will carry out this regathering process, not 
for the sake of the unbelieving, but for the sake of His holy name. 

THE VALLEY OF DRY BONES 
Ezek. 37:1-8 

"The hand of Yahweh was upon me, and He brought me out by the Spirit of 
Yahweh and set me down in the middle of the valley; and it was full of 
bones. And He caused me to pass among them round about, and behold, 
{there were} very many on the surface of the valley; and behold, {they 
were} very dry. And He said to me, "Son of man, can these bones live?" 
And I answered, "O Lord Yahweh, You know." Again He said to me, 
"Prophesy over these bones, and say to them, O dry bones, hear the word 
of Yahweh. Thus says the Lord Yahweh to these bones, Behold, I will 
cause breath to enter you that you may come to life. and I will put 
sinews on you, make flesh grow back on you, cover you with skin, and put 
breath in you that you may come alive; and you will know that I am 
Yahweh." So I prophesied as I was commanded; and as I prophesied, there 
was a noise, and behold, a rattling; and the bones came together, bone 
to its bone. And I looked, and behold, sinews were on them, and flesh 
grew, and skin covered them; BUT THERE WAS NO BREATH IN THEM." 

The vision of dry bones describes a process of coming to life; a 
regathering into the land, but in unbelief, so that the nation is viewed 
as HAVING NO BREATH. This regathering will precede the institution of 
M.E.P.T.A. (The peace accord of Daniel 9:27), which begins the 70th week 
of Daniel, and will continue afterward, during the time of religious 
toleration and peace. The result will be, that at the time that the 
"affliction" (the tribulation) begins at the midpoint of the week, there 
will be a maximum number of Israelites in the land to be recipients of 
God's special evangelistic outreach to them, through not only the church 
(Mt.10:21-23; 24:9-14; Dan. 11:35), but the two witnesses in Jerusalem 
as well (Rev.11:1-13). It is at this time that they will seek the Lord 
in fulfillment of Hosea 5:15, 

"In their affliction they will earnestly seek me." 

But the process of coming to life will not be complete until the nation 
accepts Jesus as the true Messiah. This will occur after the Day of the 
LORD arrives and is seen at Ezek. 36:25-26, 

"And I will sprinkle clean water on you, and you will be clean; I will 
cleanse you from all your filthiness and from all your idols. Moreover, 
I will give you a new heart and put a new spirit within you; and I will 
remove the heart of stone from your flesh and give you a heart of 
flesh." 

It is imperative that we understand the difference between the "gradual" 
return of Israel into the land of Palestine in unbelief and the end 
result of that gathering which will be the establishment of a believing 
remnant in the land after the Messiah accomplishes His victory at 
Armageddon. Amos 9:13-15 

"Behold, days are coming," declares the LORD, When the plowman will 
overtake the reaper And the treader of grapes him who sows seed; When 
the mountains will drip sweet wine, And all the hills will be dissolved. 

"Also I will restore the captivity of My people Israel, And they will 
rebuild the ruined cities and live {in them} , They will also plant 
vineyards and drink their wine, And make gardens and eat their fruit.  
"I will also plant them on their land, And they will not again be rooted 
out from their land Which I have
given them," Says the LORD your God. 


The establishment of that remnant is based on the "purification" process 
which begins through the evangelistic activities of the church prior to 
the Day of the LORD and is culminated when God personally divides 
between those of Israel who have trusted in Jesus as the Messiah and 
those who have not. Most of the "restoration" passages view the gradual 
gathering and the final establishment almost in one breath as it were. 
But through the study of contexts we can see that there is indeed a 
distinction which must be preserved. The present existence of Israel 
"living" within her own land clearly fulfills not only the
"necessity" of her presence, but the prophecies of her regathering in 
unbelief. Indeed, this very presence of Israel in the land is absolutely 
necessary in order for the prophecies of the Day of the LORD to take 
place. Robert Van Kampen in his book "The Sign," summarizes this present 
regathering of Israel into her
own land as follows: 

The great "Diaspora" from the Promised Land that began in 70 A.D. was 
the ultimate curse, scattering Israel to the ends of the earth. As a 
result, Jews had no homeland for nearly two thousand years. In 1897 a 
group of Jews met to discuss their common dream of a homeland - not a 
homeland just anywhere in the
world, but back in the land God had promised to their forefather 
Abraham, where they had lived for many centuries in ancient times. The 
movement born from that gathering was called Zionism, after the name of 
the holy mountain on which the city of Jerusalem was built. Zionism has 
never gained wholehearted support from all Jews, and certainly not 
universal recognition, much less support from Gentiles. Nevertheless, 
the Zionist movement that began in the late nineteenth century gradually 
gained recognition from various world powers, especially Great Britain 
and the United States. After the First World War, the Balfour 
Declaration by Great Britain (1917) gave Jews land in Palestine to which 
they could emigrate and live under Britain's protection. It was not 
until the middle of the twentieth century, however, that the divinely 
prophesied and long-awaited reestablishment of the "nation" of Israel 
materialized, when in 1948 the United Nations officially recognized 
Israel as a sovereign state (p.167-168). 

Once we find Israel back in the land, in a place where she can actually 
benefit from "a little help," the stage is practically set for the seals 
to be opened and the plan of God to be carried out for the final 7 years 
and 75 days prior to Messiah's physical reign on the earth. It is also 
clear that while Israel exists in the land, there will come a time when 
Palestine is viewed as possessing some great natural resources which 
will be in great demand throughout the world. The only thing that 
remains is the formation of a political body from where can arise a 
political and military leader who can make a genuine offer of "a little 
help" to the nation of Israel and bring to an end the bitter religious 
and military conflicts that have been escalating ever since Israel has 
been back in her land. 

R.g.Wallace 
ronw@biblefragrances.com 
http://www.biblefragrances.com 
***************************************************
Y2K...Fact or Fiction (Part II)
By:  John L. Terry, III CEC

As I investigate the phenomenon known as the "millenium bug", commonly 
known as Y2K and its possible effects on our global economy, I continue 
to uncover significant evidence that this is much more than just a minor 
"glitch" which can easily be corrected.  As the clock ticks ever closer 
to the Year 2000, more and more time bombs are being discovered that, if 
uncorrected, could have  devastating effects on our economy...and our 
very lives.

Let's look at the nuclear power industry.  The Nuclear Regulatory 
Commission (NRC) reported in September 24, 1997 
(http://nrc.gov/NRC/Y2K/S97213.html) that U.S. nuclear safety systems 
don't have a Y2K problem because they don't rely on date-driven 
databases to perform required functions. Thus, the NRC is reasonably 
confident nuclear reactors in the U.S. won't pose a serious safety risk.

However, the NRC report does not address other systems which could force 
a reactor shut down for safety reasons.  Many systems including 
security, radiation monitoring, communications, and inventory control 
use date-sensitive databases to perform required functions.  These could 
pose a potentially significant  risk for the nuclear industry.

In testimony to Congress on May 20, 1997, Ann K. Coffou, a managing 
director of Giga Information Group (an IT advisory service) addressed 
several Y2K software challenges which face the nuclear power industry.  
Of the areas addressed, the major concern was the ALARA (As Low As 
Reasonably Achievable) program which monitors radiation exposure.

Nuclear facility personnel wear dosimeter devices that measure the 
exposure of radiation employees receive while in the plant. These 
devices are analyzed on a regular basis and the data  (exposure levels) 
is stored on a computer system which controls personnel access into the 
plant.  The NRC and Institute of Nuclear Power Operations (INPO) 
regulations have established daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly, and 
annual exposure limits.

The second major concern raised by Giga was the Training Tracking system 
which controls access and actual work assignments to insure Reactor 
Operators, Assistant Operators, Maintenance Techs, Radiation Protection 
Personnel, and Plant Managers have completed the required initial 
training and maintained scheduled requalification for their specific 
assignments.

Some of the questions posed during this testimony included:

(1)  If the ALARA system is inoperative, will plant personnel risk 
overexposure to radiation?
(2)  If the Training Tracking system is inoperable, will unqualified 
personnel be given access to key operations areas and work assignments?
(3)  Is there sufficient time to obtain Top Secret clearance for 
computer professionals trained in Y2K compliance and still have time to 
fix the problems?
(4)  Will plant maintenance schedules be properly carried out if the 
computer-based records systems fail?

Consider the problems for nuclear power plants in other countries where 
Y2K compliance is still in the "discussion" stages.  The global impact 
of a possible large scale shut down of nuclear power is tremendous.  
According to the Dept. of Energy's Nuclear Power Generation and Fuel 
Cycle Report 1997 (http:www.eia.doe.gov/fuelnuclear.html), the world's  
442 nuclear power provide a significant share of the world's 
electricity:

In 1996, 17% of the world's total electricity production was  nuclear 
generated.  By country the totals are as follows:

China            1.3%
Netherlands      4.8%
Mexico           5.1%
Argentina       11.4%
Russia          13.1%
Canada          16.0%
United States   19.4%
United Kingdom  26.0%
Taiwan          29.1%
Germany         30.3%
Spain           32.0%
Japan           33.4%
South Korea     35.8%
Hungary         40.0%
Slovak Republic 40.0%
Ukraine         40.0%  (Home of Chernobyl)
Switzerland     44.5%
Sweden          52.4%
Belgium         57.2%
France          77.4%
Lithuania       83.4%

The Wall Street Journal (7/5/96) reported on New York's efforts to bring 
its electric utility (Con Ed) to Y2K compliance.  Con Ed identified 105 
systems, running 8100 programs (including payroll, pension plans, and 
purchasing), which needed to be fixed.  Even though Con Ed's spokesman 
commented that "pumping out megawatts is not date-dependent", lingering 
concerns remain.  The WSJ posed these closing comments:

"...And yet isn't everybody connected to somebody?  Even  if Con Ed 
becomes thoroughly date-compliant, what about their suppliers?  What 
about the coal mines, oil dealers, and railroads of the world, and 
everyone on whom they, in turn, depend?  What about all the date-
dependent links, switches and satellites between them?"

Should a major Y2K catastrophe beset the nuclear or the fossil fuel 
power industry, consider the implications for the world.  A massive 
power blackout, affecting  commerce and industry worldwide.  On July 5, 
1996, the President created the Commission on Critical Infrastructure 
Protection (PCCIP) by Executive Order 13010.  It's purpose was to assure 
uninterrupted operation of the critical infrastructure of the United 
States.  The PCCIP has focused on addressing the vulnerability of 8 
critical infrastructures:

(1) Telecommunications
(2) Electric Power Systems
(3) Water Supply Systems
(4) Transportation
(5) Banking and Finance
(6) Gas-Oil Storage and Distribution
(7) Emergency Services
(8) Continuity of Government

It is worth noting in the first report to the President (10/22/97) the 
Commission stated "solving the Y2K problem was not part of our mission".  
Why not?  The Executive Order states that certain national 
infrastructures are so vital that their incapacity or destruction would 
have a debilitating effect on the defense and economic security of the 
United States.  Given the potential crippling effect of Y2K on this 
nation's infrastructure, and the short time frame in which to identify 
and implement solutions, Y2K infrastructure compliance should be at the 
top of this Commission's list of "things to do."

Consider the air traffic control system worldwide.  A network of radar 
and satellite installations comprised of technology from literally 
hundreds, possibly thousands, of sources.  Many of these systems speak 
different languages, and each system's configuration is unique.  The 
interlinks that hold this system together worldwide represent a jigsaw 
puzzle of global proportion.  

Reuters reported (11/7/97) that the Dutch airline KLM may ground some of 
its aircraft on January 1, 2000.  Their chief concern is the safety of 
their passengers over routes which may be unsafe due to "millenium 
bugs".  According to a KLM spokesman, "If we have the feeling by the 
Year 2000 that we don't control the whole chain of transport...then we 
won't fly that route...Regarding safety, there's no risk we are taking.  
It could result in aircraft
being grounded."

KLM also said they were making good progress in their own Y2K  
compliance.  However, due to the complex web of interlinking computer 
systems, KLM wants to be sure there are no weak links. KLM views itself 
as a leader in Y2K compliance and openly shares its expertise with 
competitors.  "This is not an airline problem, or an industry problem." 
a spokesman added, "All of society could be affected."  Sabre Group 
Holdings, a travel and transportation technology firm, announced it will 
spend $40 million more in 1998 than previously planned on one-time costs 
to bring its systems and those of its subscribers into compliance for 
Y2K.

A major global problem is the lack of Y2K compliant computer 
programmers, especially in developing countries which can least afford 
to pay for Y2K compliance problems.  James Cassell of the Gartner Group 
observed developed countries are luring away the software programmers 
from emerging countries with big pay deals:

(1)  COBOL programmers earn $12,000 a year in Mexico.  In the United 
States, they can earn 400% more.
(2)  Canadian programmers, making $25,000, are being offered 100-200% 
raises to come to the United States and Great Britian.
(3)  Brazilian programmers, paid $20,000, are in great demand in 
Portugal.

Richard Kearney, a principal of KPMG (one of the world's largest 
professional service firms) began to address Y2K issues in early 1996 
from a global perspective.  In Asia, clients were aware of  the problem, 
but central banks, governments, and regulators were either not aware, or 
were uninformed as to the breadth and depth of the problem.  The Bank of 
Japan denied KPMG's request to discuss their Y2K compliance several 
times.  Mexico City, Buenos Aires, and San Paulo were without knowledge 
or concern.  The major banks in these areas have barely begun to 
recognize, much less address the
Y2K problem.  

Things in Europe aren't much better.  The European Commission only  
began to discuss Y2K compliance in October of this year.  To make 
matters worse, this body has only limited authority to effect any 
legislative or regulatory changes within its member states.  Further, 
the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) is 
"acting as if there is no issue at all."  
(http://www.house.gov/science/miller_11-4.htm).  It is worth noting the 
OECD is comprised of 29 of the most economically developed, 
technologically advanced countries in the world.  According to OECD 
officials, Y2K compliance is not even on their list of priorities and no 
member, including the U.S., is coming forward to lobby for its inclusion 
or consideration.

The international banking community has made little progress as well. 
The Gartner Group reported in the New York Times (11/10/97) that at 
least 50% of the United State's largest banks are about halfway finished 
fixing Y2K problems.  However, only 5% of the big overseas banks have 
reached the halfway mark.  This same article reported that 38% of the 
1100 computer industry executives worldwide said they "might" withdraw 
their personal assets from banks and investment companies just before 
2000. (http://www.nytimes.com/library/cyber/week/111097year.html).

The banking industry also fears that even if they complete their own Y2K 
compliance, the telecommunications industry plays a key role in their 
ability to function.  If the phone systems crash, the banks and 
financial markets face disaster.  The banking and financial markets are 
also very dependent on compliant products from hardware and software 
suppliers, which must also assure Y2K compliance.  

Now consider all of this from a prophetic viewpoint.  For a new world 
order to be established, several things must happen including the 
willingness of sovereign nations like the United States to join a 
"global" community.  While there is a growing globalism, there still 
remains a strong sense of patriotism in this country, as in other 
sovereign nations.  One of the few things which could force a sovereign 
nation to surrender her sovereignty is a catastrophe of global 
proportion.

Consider also that for this new world order to have dominant control 
over the world's populace, they must be able to control the key 
infrastructures of the world.  Further, freedom liberties such as free 
speech, freedom of the press, and similar means of expressing 
individuality must be silenced so the propaganda of the world can go 
forth unchecked.

A government that has full control over the infrastructure, the media, 
organized religion, and the financial markets is truly considered all-
powerful.  Indoctrination of the masses becomes an easy process.  
Survival dictates cooperation.

The Antichrist of Revelation is depicted as rising from the sea. This is 
commonly thought by many prophetic teachers to represent people in 
chaos.  Could the Antichrist rise to power through a precipitating event 
like the Y2K problem?  Could Babylon the Harlot be representative of the 
Global Financial System, corrupted by lust and greed?  Could the 
destruction of Babylon, as viewed by John, be the collapse of the 
world's financial markets?  Does the Y2K "millenium bug" play a pivotal 
role in Bible prophesy?

The Y2K phenomenon will be with us until the Year 2000, and perhaps 
beyond.  What effects, if any, it will have on our lives will be played 
out before us in just a little more than 730 days.  Should we be 
concerned?  Perhaps.  Should we panic? Only if your trust is in the 
things of the world.  Jesus said that our Heavenly Father only gives 
good gifts to His children. Scripture also reminds us that the righteous 
have never been (nor will ever be) forsaken, nor will our seed beg for 
bread.  God is a God of provision and will always provide for those who 
are truly following and serving Him.

As the events of the world continue to point to the coming of our Lord 
Jesus Christ, we should see the Hand of God moving in it all, calling 
His people to repentance and prayer.  Jesus himself said that God's 
house would be a House of Prayer.  
Paul tells us that WE are the temple (house) of the Holy  Spirit.  
Should we not therefore be a people of prayer?  

It is only through prayer that we can truly become people of power, and 
impact this world for Christ.

A Y2K DISASTER SCENARIO

If we take a "worst case" view at Y2K and consider it from a prophetic 
standpoint as a pivotal point in the coming of the Antichrist and the 
end of the age, let's examine one possible outcome of a Y2K computer 
collapse.

Our worst fears are realized.  The computer system of the world collapse 
on January 1, 2000.  Government steps in and establishes martial law to 
maintain peace and safety for the populace.  Technology, now controlled 
by the government, comes up with a Y2k solution.  The government now 
controls whom gets the solution, and who doesn't.  The Internet, the 
last free speech media not controlled by the government, now is silent 
except for those permitted by the government to have access. Money is 
worthless.  The banking system has been shut down, only to be replaced 
by a voucher system run by the government.

In the name of global cooperation, the United States joins a global 
cooperative aimed at managing resources and providing a global solution 
for the Y2K problems around the world.  A man rises from the midst of 
confusion and says, "I have the answer."  To many, this man will be seen 
as a Messiah, a Savior.  His message of peace and sharing will unite the 
people of the world as one.  He will save the people of  the world from 
starvation, sickness and death.  He will become a hero to many.  To 
others, he will become "God."

As this World Leader guides the efforts of rebuilding the 
infrastructures of the world, he marvels the world with his wisdom and 
talents.  He establishes a World Bank and a Global Currency; however, no 
money need be printed.  You simply receive a biometric mark by having 
your hand or the iris of your eye scanned by a computer, or perhaps a 
microchip implanted under the skin which can be scanned (and also 
tracked by Global Positioning Satellites).

The hand of government is everywhere.  Even religion is not immune from 
the World system.  The religions of the world  are merged into one, 
allowing for freedom of expression and toleration of all.  The world 
leader is seen as "God incarnate", sent from the Wise Ones to bring us 
to enlightenment and understanding...and to move us to the next level of 
existence, preparing us for nirvana.

Those who oppose him are branded as rebels, extremists, and criminals.  
They will be persecuted, imprisoned, tortured, and executed.  Those who 
oppose this World Leader oppose "God" and must be put to death.  
Government becomes all powerful.  It becomes judge, jury, and 
executioner...

This scenario is a bit extreme, but well within the realm of 
possibility.  The impact of Y2K remains to be seen, and we will know 
more as we draw closer to this date.  Should a worst-case event occur, 
we could see this scenario or something worse played out before our 
eyes.  However, the Y2K "bug" could just as easily turn out to be just a 
common cold rather than a cancer.

At this point in time, I believe it will be much more than  just a cold; 
however, the jury is still out on whether or not the Y2K "bug" is 
terminal.  We'll continue to monitor this phenomenon and report as the 
time draws near.  

(NOTE:  Special thanks goes out to Rick Cogburn, Registered  Principal 
with Rushmore Securities Corporation, for his input and insight into 
various Y2K issues as they relate to the financial markets.  Rick 
recently joined our office and has considerable investment experience 
and a good understanding of the global financial markets. He works with 
individual investors, evaluating their investment portfolio's Y2K 
compliance and 
recommending Y2K investment opportunities.)

------------------------------------------------------------
John is the president of Terry and Associates, a financial management 
firm.  He is a NASD registered representative with  Rushmore Securities 
Corporation and an affiliate of Rushmore Investment Advisors, Inc.  John 
is also a licensed insurance agent, and a RFLA Certified Estate 
Counselor. 

John is also the author of "Dollars and Sense: A Kingdom Approach to 
Managing Money" (now in its second printing) which is used as a text by 
the Christian Life School of Theology.  An ordained minister, John 
teaches Biblical economics in churches across the United States.  He is 
available for seminars, special 
events, or one-on-one consultation.  

For inquiries, scheduling, or to order a copy of "Dollars and
Sense" you may contact John through the Internet.

John's e-mail address is:  jterry@cswnet.com

To evaluate your investment portfolio's Y2K compliance, or to learn more 
about Y2K investing, contact Rick Cogburn at Rushmore Securities 
Corporation.

Rick's e-mail address is:  y2k@cswnet.com

***************************************************
BEHOLD A PALE HORSE Part II
By Chuck Missler
www.khouse.org

DELIBERATE DISEASES
THE SITUATION
Containment and control of diseases have proven increasingly difficult 
due to rapid and repeated commerce between countries and experimentation 
with
genetic engineering. Previously conquered diseases are making comebacks 
(tuberculosis and malaria) and new ones are being unleashed on our 
"global village," such as AIDS and mutant strains of bacteria such as 
"flesh-eating" Streptococcus-A.

PERSIAN GULF WAR SYNDROME

For over five years, the government has tried to cover up any evidence 
that there might have been bio- chemical warfare in the Gulf or that we 
used such
weapons. Now, classified documents are being leaked to press sources 
showing that the government all along knew what was happening but chose 
to ignore it. Furthermore, evidence is accumulating that military has 
been continuously involved in health hazards undisclosed to the public.

On the other hand, there also has been a major review on Frontline, a 
broadcast by PBS which concluded that adequate evidence is lacking. 
Panels of scientists were asked to review everything known about any 
toxin vets might have been exposed to in the Gulf-from tropical 
infections to chemical weapons. In all, four blue-ribbon panels were set 
up including The Defense Science Board, The Institute of Medicine, and a 
special panel created by the president, the Presidential Advisory 
Committee (PAC), which for two years reviewed all the scientific reports 
and held hearings. These scientific panels determined that chemical 
weapons (along with biological weapons, pesticides, vaccines, depleted 
uranium and oil fires, PB, and infectious disease) are unlikely to be 
the cause of the veterans' symptoms. Stress was the only commonly cited 
risk factor noted by the scientists which was likely to have contributed 
to veterans' illnesses.

The U.S. military prepared for the possibility that Iraq might use two 
BW agents-anthrax and botulinum toxin-against U.S. service members 
during the Gulf War. After the war, new data revealed Iraq had also 
weaponized aflatoxin. The Committee evaluated the potential health 
effects of these three BW agents on the long-term health of Gulf War 
veterans.

The Committee found no scientific literature suggesting adverse long-
term health effects from low-level exposure to botulinum toxin. In fact, 
botulinum toxin has conventional medical therapeutic uses. BotoxR is an 
FDA-approved, purified, type A botulinum toxin, and injecting it into 
the muscle of patients causes a localized, temporary denervation and 
muscle paralysis.  Such an effect is therapeutically useful for treating 
a number of conditions, including blepharospasm (an involuntary 
recurrent spasm of both eyelids) and for use in certain types of eye 
surgery. Studies on thousands of adults treated with BotoxR have shown 
only mild side effects; e.g., a diffuse skin rash lasting several days-
as a result of the localized muscle paralysis effects of the toxin. The 
only long-term effect reported is a slight reduction in the 
effectiveness of BotoxR due to a person's natural immune responses.

Aflatoxin is a naturally occurring toxic metabolite from certain fungi 
that sometimes occur on grains, peanuts, and other foods stored under 
certain conditions. Aflatoxin ingestion can result in immediate, toxic 
effects in many different species, and death results from acute liver 
toxicity. Aflatoxicosis in humans has been reported following ingestion 
of aflatoxin-contaminated food, and symptoms include vomiting, abdominal 
pain, pulmonary edema, gastrointestinal hemorrhage, convulsions, coma, 
and death. Several epidemiological studies suggest aflatoxin causes 
liver cancer in humans.  The only documented health effect that could be 
expected from low4evel exposure to aflatoxin would be an increased 
prevalence of liver cancer years to decades after exposure.

What do we conclude about the risks of BW agents to Gulf War veterans? 
In cases where an individual survives exposure to anthrax or botulinum 
toxin, no known long-term health consequences exist. The Committee 
concluded it is unlikely the health effects reported today by Gulf War 
veterans are the result of exposures to EW agents. Aflatoxin, however, 
is a liver carcinogen, and increased rates of liver cancer could result 
decades following low-level exposure, although available evidence 
reviewed by the Committee did not indicate such exposures occurred 
during the Gulf War. However, to continue our review, we need to broaden 
our perspective.

THE POPULATION CONTROL AGENDA2

Planned population control including genocide is a difficult concept for 
Americans to accept.  Even though the U.S. government helps finance the 
Red Chinese program of forced abortion, sterilization and infanticide 
and helps finance the United Nations "family planning program," most 
people find it impossible to believe that such programs are really part 
of a larger plan to kill off large segments of the world's population. 
How can we possibly believe that? The answer is quite simple: read the 
writings of those who intend to depopulate large segments of the earth. 
They have written of the necessity of reducing-by force if necessary-the 
world's population.

MARGARET SANGER AND PLANNED PARENTHOOD

Our tax money finances Planned Parenthood, an organization founded by 
Margaret Sanger. In Planned Parenthood's 1985 Annual Report, its leaders 
proclaimed that they were, "Proud of our past, and planning for our 
future.'0 How could anyone claim to be proud of an organization when 
history records that its founder wrote of the necessity of "the 
extermination of 'human weeds'.. the 'cessation of charity'.. .the 
segregation of 'morons, misfits, and the maladjusted'and...the 
sterilization of 'genetically inferior races?"'4

During the 1930s Margaret Sanger published The Birth Control Review, in 
which she openly supported Nazi Germany's "infanticide program" in the 
1930s, and publicly championed Adolf Hitler's goal of Aryan white 
supremacy. Prior to World War II she commissioned Nazi Ernst Rudin, 
director of the dreaded German medical experimentation programs, to 
serve as an advisor to her organization.

In Killer Angel, George Grant chronicled the life and writings of 
Margaret Sanger, including her plans for genetically engineering the 
human race. Margaret Sanger's The Pivot of Civilization called for "the 
elimination of human weeds," and the "cessation of charity" because it 
prolonged the lives of the unfit. She called for the segregation of the 
unfit and prohibiting them to reproduce. In 1939, Margaret Sanger during 
the early 20th century. Bailey was a disciple of Madame Blavatsky and 
nominal leader of the Theosophical Society in the early 1900s. Because 
the name "Lucifer" had such a bad connotation, Bailey changed the name 
of her organization from the Lucifer Publishing Company to Lucis Trust. 
The nature and beliefs of this organization, however, have always 
remained the same. Lucis Trust is one of the major front groups through 
which Theosophy influences life in America. Publications from Lucis 
Trust regularly refer to "The Plan" for humanity that has been 
established by "The Hierarchy." Sanger's disciples are alive and 
functioning today, influencing national and international population 
control policy.

David Graber, a research biologist with the National Park Service, was 
quoted in the Los Angeles Times Book Review Section, October 22, 1989, 
as saying, "Human happiness and certainly human fecundity are not as 
important as a wild and healthy planet. I know social scientists who 
remind me that people are part of nature, but it isn't true.. .We have 
become a plague upon ourselves and upon the Earth.. Until such time as 
Homo sapiens should decide to rejoin nature, some of us can only hope 
for the right virus to come along."9

In The First Global Revolution, published by the Council of the Club of 
Rome, an international elitist organization, the authors note that:

"In searching for a new enemy to unite us, we came up with the idea that 
pollution, the threat of global warming, water shortages, famine, and 
the like would fit the hill. All these dangers are caused by human 
intervention... The real enemy, then, is humanity itself."10

On April 5, 1994 the Los Angeles Times quoted Cornell University 
Professor David Pimentel, speaking to the American Association for the 
Advancement of Science, saying that, "The total world population should 
be no more than 2 billion rather than the current 5.6 billion."


In the UNESCO Courier of November 1991, JacquesCousteau wrote:

"The damage people cause to the planet is a function of demographics-it 
is equal to the degree of development. One American burdens the earth 
much more than twenty Bangladeshes... This is a terrible thing to say.  
In order to stabilize world population, we must eliminate 350,000 people 
per day. It is a horrible thing to say, but it's just as bad not to say 
it."11

In The Impact of Science on Society, Bertrand Russell said:
"At present the population of the world is increasing...War so far has 
had no great effect on this increase... I do not pretend that birth 
control is the only way in which population can be kept from increasing. 
There are others.. If a Black Death could be spread throughout the world 
once in every generation, survivors could procreate freely without 
making the world too full.. the state of affairs might be somewhat 
unpleasant, but what of it? Really high-minded people are indifferent to 
suffering, especially that of others.

Negative Population Growth Inc. of Teaneck, New Jersey recently 
circulated a letter stating their long-range goal:"We believe that our 
goal for the United States should be no more than 150 million; our size 
in 1950. For the world, we believe our goal should be a population of 
not more than two billion, its size shortly after the turn of the 
century."'2

This amount is impossible to achieve by means of normal attrition and 
birth control and there is sufficient evidence to indicate other plans 
are afoot.

MORE NEW AGE INFLUENCE

Speaking at Gorbachev's State of the World Forum in San Francisco in 
1996, New Age writer and philosopher Dr. Sam Keen stated that there was 
strong agreement that religious institutions have to take a primary 
responsibility for the population explosion.

He went on to say:

"We must speak far more clearly about sexuality, contraception, about 
abortion, about values that control the population, because the 
ecological crisis, in short, is the population crisis. Cut the 
population by 90% and there aren't enough people left to do a great deal 
of ecological damage."

Dr. Keen's remarks were met with applause from the assembled audience of 
New Age adherents, Socialists, Internationalists and occultists.

THE INFAMOUS TUSKEGEE STUDY

The influence of population control advocates can be seen in the 
Tuskegee Study, a scientific research program in which 400 syphilis-
infected black men were recruited by the U.S. Public Health Service in 
1932.  The participants were told that they would be treated for their 
infections but instead had all effective medicine withheld.  The black 
men were actively prevented from obtaining treatment elsewhere as their 
bodies, and the bodies of their wives and children, were systematically 
ravaged by disease.

The men who conceived this Nazi-style study justified their atrocity by 
saying that scientists needed to learn how untreated syphilis progressed 
in the human body. For forty years-from 1932 until 1972 the genocidal 
Tuskegee Study continued. It was not until 1972, after one newspaper 
finally broke the story, that the study was finally terminated.  By that 
time, only 125 of the original 400 men survived.  
According to Margaret Sanger's sense of morality, experiments on "human 
weeds" were fully justified in the name of "science."

To this day, 25 years after the end of that grotesque human experiment, 
none of the perpetrators of that atrocity has ever been accused or 
indicted of a crime. Do you honestly believe for one moment that such an 
experiment would have been tolerated here in America had the 
participants been white men?13 


DDT SAVED LIVES

Another more effective method of reducing world population was devised 
in the early 1960s by environmentalists and population-control 
adherents:blocking the use of DDT for mosquito and malaria control, 
which had been found to be extremely effective in saving human lives. In 
1970 the National Academy of Sciences, in their book Life Sciences, 
stated that, "In little more than two decades DDT has prevented 500 
million deaths due to malaria." To population control advocates, this 
preservation of human life was intolerable, so they set out to outlaw 
further use of the pesticide. Up until 1970 all reliable scientific data 
had consistently demonstrated that DDT was safe for both humans and 
animals. Indeed, DDT was the safest pesticide ever known to mankind. 
Furthermore, it was inexpensive and could be widely used in third-world 
countries to control the spread of insect-borne diseases.

Accordingly, population control adherents set out to have DDT banned in 
the name of saving the environment. You probably remember the contrived 
stories declaring that DDT caused softening of eggshells, interfered 
with the balance of nature, and endangered humanity by entering the food 
chain. In truth, all of those stories were fabricated and part of a 
carefully coordinated program to block further use of the lifesaving 
pesticide. William Ruckelshaus was a longtime member of the 
Environmental Defense Fund and Director of the EPA. He outlawed further 
use of DDT in 1972 despite the recommendation of the EPA Chairman 
Investigating Committee, which had heard six months of testimony on use 
of the pesticide, and had determined that DDT was completely safe. When 
Ruckeishaus outlawed further use of DDT, he signed the death warrant for 
hundreds of millions of helpless human beings living in third-world 
countries.

In Remembering Silent Spring and Its Consequences,14 Professor J. Gordon 
Edwards quoted from a speech by Victor Yanconne, founder of the 
Environmental Defense Fund. In that talk, Mr. Yanconne related a story 
told to him by a reporter who had asked Dr. Charles Wurster, one of the 
major opponents of DDT, whether a ban on DDT wouldn't actually result in 
far greater use of more toxic pesticides. Dr. Wurster is reported to 
have replied, "So what? People are the cause of all the problems. We 
have too many of them. We need to get rid of some of them and this is as 
good a way as any." When asked by the same reporter, "Doctor, how do you 
square the killing of people with the mere loss of some birds?" Dr. 
Wurster is reported to have replied, "It doesn't really make a lot of 
difference, because organophosphate acts locally and only kills farm 
workers and most of them
are Mexicans and Negroes."'5

If the National Academy of Sciences was correct in its 1970 assessment, 
we have probably lost over 600 million human lives during the past 
twenty-five years since advocates of population control succeeded in 
outlawing DDT.'6

ABORTION, BREAST CANCER AND POPULATION CONTROL

Many physicians are concerned about dramatic increases in breast 
carcinoma in women.  Despite the fact that 18 scientific studies in 
domestic and foreign medical journals have demonstrated the direct 
relationship between first-trimester abortions and breast cancer, all 
efforts to disseminate that information here in the United States have 
been consistently blocked by those favoring abortion and population 
control.

In the fall of 1996 a new scientific paper consisting of a meta-analysis 
of 23 scientific studies on the relationship between first trimester 
abortions and breast cancer was published in a British medical journal.  
It demonstrated a higher incidence of breast cancer in women who had 
first-trimester abortions. In response to that publication, the American 
Medical Association (AMA), the American Cancer Society (ACS), and pro-
abortion/population control advocates joined together to attack the 
conclusions of the authors, and to block all efforts to disseminate that 
information to American physicians. The AMA, the ACS, and the pro-death 
lobby continue to insist that women must not be advised of the risk they 
incur when they destroy the life of their unborn child.


Current abortion policies in America are absolutely necessary to reduce 
our population. That is why a minor child can be taken from school to an 
abortion clinic without parental notification. Yet that same child 
cannot be given an aspirin without parental consent. It all has to do 
with population control.17

THE MASSACRES IN AFRICA


What really happened to Christians in Rwanda between April and July of 
1994 is a shocking story. After the Christian Tutsis were disarmed by 
governmental decree in the early 1990s, Hutu-led military forces began 
to systematically massacre the defenseless Christians beginning in April 
1994 and continuing until July 1994. Using machetes rather than bullets, 
the Hutu forces created a state of terror within the helpless Christian 
population as they systematically butchered thousands.

The United Nations immediately convened hearings on Rwanda, but Madeline 
Albright, American Ambassador to the United Nations, argued strenuously 
that neighboring African nations should not be allowed to intervene 
until the "civil war had come to an end." In reality, there was no civil 
war, since those being slaughtered bad no weapons with which to defend 
themselves; it was simply a matter of mass murder. In addition to 
blocking intervention by neighboring nations, Madeline Albright also 
insisted that the word "genocide" not be used, and that United Nations 
forces stationed in Rwanda were not to be allowed to intervene. In the 
three months that followed, between one-half and three-quarters of a 
million Christians were systematically dismembered, hacked to death, and 
slaughtered in the bloody carnage that ensued. Tens of thousands of 
Christians were murdered in churches; tens of thousands more were 
murdered in hospitals and schools. On several occasions, United Nations 
soldiers stationed in Rwanda actually handed helpless Christians over to 
members of the Hutu militia. They then stood by as their screaming 
charges were unceremoniously hacked to pieces. 

At the end of the carnage in late July 1994, the American government 
rewarded the Hutu murderers with millions of dollars in foreign aid. The 
American press has been silent about the fact that almost all people 
slaughtered were Christians, and that it was our government's policy 
that was primarily responsible for blocking efforts by neighboring 
African countries to intervene.18

There are dozens of other examples of population control programs which 
have been implemented throughout our world by modern-day "Malthusians" 
in their effort to ensure that the world population is dramatically 
curtailed. To date it is estimated that far more than one billion human 
lives have been terminated as a result of the worldwide abortion 
programs financed by the United States. In addition, we are beginning to 
see the devastating effects of the AIDS epidemic as this plague begins 
to depopulate large areas of Asia and Africa. Rational efforts to 
address the HIV epidemic throughout the world continue to be blocked. 
Rather than utilizing proven public health methods, advocates of 
population control continue to promote both hedonistic sex education and 
condom distribution, which will only assure the disease will continue to 
spread. 

THE BIG ONE: HIV(AIDS)

Over 30 new strains of HIV have recently been identified, many of them 
eluding current blood tests. Most recent findings admit that there is no 
cure or preventative vaccine in sight. Worldwide, AIDS cases rose 60% 
last year. In the last 18 months, 47% of the new cases were among 
homosexual men, 28% among IV drug users, and 9% among heterosexuals. The 
growth of AIDS in Africa and Asia is horrifying. In SE Asia the number 
of cases increased 800% in 1996 alone.19

In the U.S., AIDS is a politically protected disease with the media 
concealing the truth. In the U.S. it has been estimated that 1 in 40 men 
are carrying HIV; its gestation period is over 10 years; and this sin-
specific disease will continue to emerge as a major medical, social, and 
economic problem in the next century. There appears to be increasing 
evidence that both the AIDS viruses and ebola may have emerged from 
deliberate government-sponsored experiments, and may even have had 
population control as a strategic objective.

THE STRECKER MEMORANDUM

Dr. Robert Strecker is a practicing internist and gastroenterologist 
with an additional doctorate in pharmacology. As a trained pathologist 
and insurance industry consultant, Dr. Strecker investigated the AIDS 
epidemic under contract, and after years of research, published the 
highly controversial videotape entitled "The Strecker Memorandum." He 
alleged that the AIDS virus was "requested," "created," and "deployed" 
and its effects were predicted long before the epidemic began.20 The 
promoted claim was that HIV came from African monkeys. One of the clues 
against this claim was the similarity between the HIV and the bovine 
lymphotrophic virus (BLV), which suggested that it was logically absurd 
to believe that HIV came from a monkey. The AIDS virus had no genetic 
markers typical of the primate, and cannot thrive in the monkey. Yet the 
majority continued to subscribe to the African green monkey theory. 
Strecker pointed out that AIDS was nonexistent in Africa prior to 1975. 
Even more telling, Strecker obtained documents through the Freedom of 
Information Act (FOIA) that showed that the U.S. Dept. of Defense 
secured funding from Congress in 1969 to perform studies on immune-
system-destroying agents for germ warfare.20 Soon thereafter, the World 
Health Organization (WHO), funded by the DOD, began experimenting with a 
lymphotrophic virus that was produced in cows; and also launched a major 
African campaign against smallpox in 1977, which involved the urban 
population, not the rural Pygmies. Had the "green monkey" been 
responsible for AIDS, Strecker maintained, the Pygmies of rural Africa 
would have had a higher incidence of AIDS than the country's urban 
populations. The opposite is true.22 Strecker also vigorously promoted 
his theory that AIDS virus was transmitted to the American homosexual 
community during the course of the experiment hepatitis B vaccination 
program sponsored by the USPHS between 1978 and 1979.

THE CURRENT PERSPECTIVE



For a current, complete and well-documented expose of subsequent 
background, see Leonard G. Horowitz, Emerging Viruses: AIDS and Ebola 
(Tetrahedron Inc., Rockport MA 1996).  His thorough exploration of the 
murky background of the military/medical/industrial complex includes the 
strange relationships which emerged when the National Cancer Institute 
took over Fort Detrick in 1970 for the express purpose of developing 
defenses (?) against retrovirus attacks and immune deficiency epidemics. 
He tracks the apparent involvement's of Robert Gallo's laboratory at 
NCI;how the minorities (Africans and homosexuals) were targeted;23 the 
apparent genocidal motives, etc. He details the documented involvement 
of Bionetics Research Laboratories, a subsidiary of Litton Industries, 
Inc., 6th on the list of acknowledged biological weapons contractors.24 
(Also, the Universities of Chicago, Texas, Virginia, California, Yale 
and New York.)

In 1971, Merck's research agenda also completely overlapped Bionetics' 
work.25 This might explain the rapid spread of HIV following Merck 
vaccine trials, as well as simultaneous AIDS outbreaks in Central Africa 
and New York City. The labyrinth of development contracts, experiments 
on uninformed victims, and apparently related outbreaks are detailed in 
Horowitz's book.

CUTTER INCIDENT

In 1955, first lots of improperly inactivated Salk polio vaccine was 
processed by Cutter Laboratories in Berkeley, California. Live polio 
virus was being injected into children.  The gratitude of the public 
turned to horror as the Cutter vaccine gave polio to almost 80 
recipients; these children in turn went on to spread the disease to 
another 120 playmates and relatives; 3/4 of the victims were paralyzed 
and 11 died."26

Also, 5V40 (Simian virus 40) was allowed to contaminate American-made 
vaccines. Anyone--particularly those who received polio vaccines prior 
to 1964 is at risk of carrying 5V40 and spreading it to others at home 
or in the community. The virus is apparently circulating now throughout 
the human race and may give rise to more virulent viruses over time. The 
possibility of 5V40 genes being transmitted congenitally from human 
parents to offspring cannot be ruled out.

Live polio vaccine: imported wild monkeys from Africa create short-term 
primary kidney cultures, add a human virus and administer the crude 
garnish derived from virally infected cells to virtually every child in 
the country.  (Why withhold applying the many molecular biological 
techniques developed over the last 30 years to assess vaccine purity?) 
The deliberate development of unique cell-destroying viruses-"stealth 
viruses"--germs able to cause persistent infections because they were 
missing specific genes which, if expressed, would evoke effective 
antiviral immunity, are also detailed.27

INTENTIONAL AIDS TRANSMISSION THEORY

Black Africans and American homosexuals appear to have been targeted for 
viral weapons experimentation by activists in America's military-
medical-industrial complex and agents for the CIA. According to the 
Church commission hearings, Henry Kissinger, and by association Elmo 
Zumwalt or Melvin Laird, and Sidney Gottlieb ordered or administered the 
development and stockpiling of biological weapons, including  immune-
system~destroying  viruses functionally indentical to HIV, and the 
deployment of systems necessary to administer these viruses to large 
populations. Frank Carlucci, Joseph Califano, and Alexander Haig may 
also have been involved. Also Robert Gallo of NCI; Roy Ash of Litton 
Industries; and others have been named.

Merck, Sharp & Dohme, and its economic competitor the Institute Pasteur 
Production, appear to have been involved. Covert operations by the CIA, 
contaminated vaccines, and even industrial espionage better explains the 
rapid progress of the epidemic to African, European, South American and 
eastern nations, rather than needlesticks or homosexual practices. One 
also needs to understand the strategic importance of Central Africa--sp. 
Angola and Zaire, the only source of numerous critical strategic 
materials.

ACCIDENTAL ALTERNATIVE THEORY

It all could have occurred accidentally, using contaminated monkeys, 
etc. It would be more convincing if there was forthright disclosure 
rather than cover-ups.

THE SORCERER'S APPRENTICE


Most of you are aware of the rather dazzling orchestral piece LApprenti 
sorcier (The Sorcerer's Apprentice) written by Paul Dukas in 1897 (which 
was also featured in Walt Disney's move, Fantasia, originally released 
in 1940), based on Goethe's Zauherlerling ("Magic Student"). Just as the 
curious sorcerer's apprentice unleashed hidden forces and then was at a 
loss as how to curtail them, so too the deliberately bioengineered 
viruses continue to mutate and defy any measures to contain them.

DISSATISFIED PARENTS TOGETHER 

(DPT)

1982: In the award-winning TV documentary "DPT: Vaccine Roulette," 
parents in Washington DC whose children had been injured by the DPT 
vaccine founded DPT and launched the now recognized vaccine safety 
movement in the U.S. In 1985, the book DPT A Shot in the Dark by Harris 
Coulter PhD and Barabara Loe Fisher (Harcourt Brace Jovanovich, NY) 
attracted media publicity and well publicized lawsuits and judgments. In 
1986, Reagan signed the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act, intended 
to create a non-adversarial, no-fault alternative to lawsuits for 
victims, with centralized reporting, mandatory record keeping; etc.  
However, the Depts of Justice and Health and Human Services have 
systematically gutted the program.

Today: No informed consent; violation of civil and human rights, the 
Nuremberg Code, and the Helsinki Declarations. It is also a violation of 
the tenets embodied in the scriptures of every major religion. If the 
State can tag, track down, and force American citizens against their 
will to risk injury and death by being injected with biologicals of 
unknown toxicity today, there is no limit on what freedoms the State can 
take away in the name of the greater good tomorrow.                     

   We are apt to shut our eyes against a painful truth,
   and listen to the song of that siren till she transforms
   us into beasts. Is this the part of wise men, engaged
   in a great and arduous struggle for liberty? Are we
   disposed to be the number of those who, having eyes,
   see not, and having ears, hear not, the things which
   so nearly concern their temporal salvation? For my
   part, whatever anguish of spirit it may cost, I am
   willing to know the whole truth; to know the worst,
   and to provide for it.
                                           Patrick Henry28
Sources: (Urgent for you and your family!)

Leonard Horowitz's book, Emerging Viruses: Aids & Ebola, Tetrahedron 
Publishing, Rockport MA, 1996. Alarming; thoroughly readable; well 
documented.
Day, Lorraine, M.D.,AIDS: What the Government Isn't Telling You, 
Rockford Press, Palm Desert, CA 1991.
Wilder-Smith, A.E., AIDS: Fact Without Fiction, TWRT Publishers, Costa 
Mesa, CA 1989.
Monteith, Stanley, M.D., AIDS: The Unnecessary Epidemic, Covenant House 
Books, Sevierville, TN 1991.

Internet Links:
See    <http:llwww.khouse.org> for timely updates and links to other 
relevant sites, including audio briefings: The Missler Report -The 
origins of AIDS & Ebola viruses; The Missler Report-AIDS & Population 
Control - Dr. Stan Monteith

Notes:

1. <Pbs.org/Frontline>.
2. Based on articles by Dr. Stan Monteith, M.D. published in Personal 
UPDATE, September & October, 1997. His web site is 
<http/:www.industries.net/radio-liberty>.
8. Killer Angel, George Grant, Reformer Press, p.105, available from 
Radio Liberty, P.O. Box 18, Santa Cruz, CA, 95063.
4. Ibid, p.65.
5.  Woman's Body, Woman's Right, Linda Gordon, Penguin Press, New York, 
p.832; see also Killer Angel, p.78.
6.  Killer Angel, p.74: see also Woman's Body, Woman's Right, pp. 229-
884. 
7. Woman's Body, Woman's Right, pp.229-334; see also Killer Angel, p.73.
8. Killer Angel, p.104.
9. Los Angeles Times, Book Review Section, October 22,1989, p.9.
10. The First Global Revolution: Club of Rome, Alexander King and 
Bertrand Schneider, Pantheon Books, New York, 1991, p.115.
11.The Population Controllers, New American Magazine, 6/27/94, p.7.
12.   Material is available from Radio Liberty, P.O. Box 13, Santa Cruz, 
CA, 95063.
13.   AIDS and the Doctors of Death, Aries Rising Press, Los 
Angeles,pp.168-170.
14.   Remembering Silent Spring and Its Consequences, J. Gordon Edwards, 
a monograph, p.7, available from Radio Liberty or from Dr. Edwards at 
San Jose State University.
15.   Reported by Chairman John Rarick: House Hearings on the Federal 
Pesticide Control Act of1971, pp.266-267, in Serial No 92-A, quoted in a 
treatise by Dr. J. Gordon Edwards. A taped interview with Dr. Edwards is 
available from Radio Liberty, as is his treatise: see also Environmental 
Overkill, Dixy Lee Ray, Regnery, p.77.
16.   Environmental Overkill, op cited: pp.76-77 and 192, see also my 2-
hour interview with Dr. Dixy Lee Ray: see also Dr. Edwards' treatise on 
DDT, available from Radio Liberty.
17.   "Strong Abortion-Breast Cancer Link Revealed, Washington Times, 
October, 12, 1996, Al.
18.   An audiotaped interview with Peter Hammond of Front Line 
Ministries is available from Radio Liberty: also see Holocaust in 
Rwanda, Peter Hammond, available from In Touch Mission Int'l (ITMI), 
P.O. Box 28240, Tempe AZ, 85285.
19.   Excerpted from our BP, Strategic Trends: Update.
20.   Robert Strecker, The Strecker Memorandum, The Strecker Group, 1501 
Colorado Blvd., Los Angeles CA 90041, 1988.
21.   Department of Defense Appropriations For 1970: Hearings Before a 
Subcommittee of the Committee on Appropriations House of 
Representatives, Ninety-first Congress, First Session, H.B. 15090, Part 
5, Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Dept. of the Army, U.S. 
Government Printing Office, Washington D.C., 1969.
22.   Collin J., "They deployed the AIDS virus," Townsend Letter for 
Doctors, April 1988 p.152 (q.v. Horowitz, n.3, p.503.)
23.   Horowitz, p.55, 137.
24.   Ibid., p.76. Documentation is included.
25.   NIH contract 71-2059. Horowitz, p.421.
26.   Horowitz, p.487. See also, J. R. Paul, History of Poliomyelitis, 
Yale University Press, New Haven CT 1971, pp.373-4.
27.   Horowitz, p.495ff.
28.   Ibid., p.502.

Visit our Website at http://www.khouse.org

Special Offer...From Kononia House FREE for one year!

Personal UPDATE is read by over 200,000 Christians each month ... find 
out why! The Source for Christian Intelligence. Biblical Relevance of 
Current Events. Information derived from public and private sources. 
Provocative insights into the Bible. 32 pages of wide ranging topics - 
Prophecy, Scientific, Personal Stewardship, Textual Insights, God's 
Love. Take us up on this offer!

This offer is limited to first-time subscribers in the U.S., Canada,
Australia, and Western Europe. For outside areas, the cost is $40/year.

You can call us at 1-800-KHOUSE-1, or write Koinonia House, P.O Box D,
Coeur d'Alene,ID 83816
****************************************************************
THE BIBLE TEACHING MINISTRY
OF DAVID HOCKING
"But I will hope continually, and will praise You yet more and more.
Psalm 71:14

RADICAL ISLAM TAKES CENTER STAGE

Planners and leaders of the WORLD ISLAMIC CONFERENCE met on December 6 
and 7 and finalized arrangements for the International Islamic 
Conference. The Associated Press reported that 28 heads of State, Prime 
Ministers, Kings, Crown Princes, and other non-Islamic representatives 
attended, and suggested that the fear of Iran's exportation of Islamic 
terror by her neighbors is lessening. Israel and the United States were 
not invited. Iran in speeches by it's new Prime Minister, Khatami, 
effused moderation. His boss Khameini attacked the U.S, and Israel and 
continues to do so in weekly sermons. The conference (see HFT January 
newsletter) attracted worldwide media attention. Resolutions were passed 
condemning any Islamic nation which forges military ties with Israel. 
Though not listed by name they were directed at Turkey which has two 
military agreements with Israel and at that moment was negotiating 
another. An AP article, by Anthony Shadid, not surprisingly, touted the 
great progress which Iran has made toward moderation, human rights, and 
women's rights, as distinguished from the situation under the Ayatollah 
Komeini following the 1979 revolution in Iran. It became very clear 
throughout that one of the principal purposes of the Conference was to 
put a new friendly face on Iran and to frustrate U.S. efforts to isolate 
her as a terror nation. Much of the world bought it.  The mainstream 
press applauded and the Clinton Administration hailed it with 
reservations.  Later Khatami explained that he meant cultural exchanges 
only - not government level contact.  But historically, we need t6 be 
reminded that it was failure on the part of U.S. State Department and 
Administration which led to the abandonment of her friend and ally, the 
Shah, and the installation of Komeini. It began 20 years of growing 
worldwide terrorism against Israel and the West.  It's also instructive 
that current State Department relations with Iran is following the 
course of its failure to fulfill mutual defense commitments made by the 
Eisenhower administration to Israel in 1956 which resulted in the 1967 
six day war. More astute observers who understood the Islamic agenda in 
1979 knew that the primary "crime" of the Shah - a practicing Muslim - 
was that he allowed western values and supplied a major portion of 
Israel's oil. Many believe rightly that the primary target of Khomeini's 
new/old brand of radical Islamic terrorism has been, is, and will 
continue to be Israel and the U.S. attacks against the U.S. Embassy, and 
the Marine barracks in Lebanon in 1983, and a 1996 attack against a U.S. 
military barracks in Saudi Arabia, planned and financed by Iran and 
carried out by Iran trained agents left no doubt concerning her 
attitudes toward the U.S.. From 1979 to the present, Iran has been the 
principle driver of Worldwide Islamic Terrorism and Narco-terrorism in 
the world, aided by Syria.

It is important to remember that Iranians are not ethnic Arabs. They are 
Persians. Their language is not Arabic. The only things that bind them 
to the Arabs of the Middle East are Islam and oil. And since the 
revolution, they have been the prime model which others have sought to 
imitate, and which has been cloned in Sudan as a training and staging 
area for future regional conquest by Islam. It is also significant that 
Iran was Christian until the post-Mohammed 9th Century A.D. when it was 
infiltrated by Islamic Shiite evangelists. The West also continues to be 
a principal target of Islamic Terrorism. Historically, modern Islamic 
Terrorism began with the Moslem Brotherhood founded by Al Banna in Egypt 
in 1928. It's principal targets were Britain, France, and the United 
States and their interests in the region (i.e. oil and colonialism). 
Israel was not a state, but individual Jews (in what was erroneously 
called "Palestine") were targets of attack by Islamic militants.  Yassir 
Arafat, who is now the Chairman of the Palestinian Authority and the 
chameleon-like darling of the UN, was a member of the Moslem Brotherhood 
in the 1970's and actively participated in the Khomeini Revolution. He 
continues to have close ties with Iran.

Historically, early Islam was singularly militant, 
fundamentalist,extremist and terrorist. It is fair to say that Mohammed 
himself, whose multiple marriages included girls as young as nine, and 
who (the record shows) thought nothing of taking to himself the wives of 
other men against their will - was a terrorist.  He expanded his 
religion through terrorism. In fact, Jihad, "war on behalf of God," was 
Islam's principle approach to conversion from its founding in 622 A.D. 
and was carried on by the sword. Jihad has been conceptually expanded to 
include anything that Moslems wish it to mean with respect to a specific 
situation or agenda. Israel is a target of Islamic Jihad (Terrorism).

But there were periods when Islam operated on a principle of toleration 
and absorption of a vast diversity of cultural patterns and social 
practices. With the subjugation of highly civilized peoples, the Arabs 
freely melded diverse elements to form local cultures into their own 
institutions and laws. At the same time they impressed upon everything 
they acquired, the unmistakable stamp of Islam" (Nadia M. Yusse{ Women 
and Work in Developing Societies, U. Of California Monograph Series, 
Berkeley Institute of International Studies, 1974, p.75).  When Islam 
gains ascendancy as in the Persian period, its militancy and stringency 
is implemented through the Sharia (Moslem Law) and other dogmas.

In his introduction to Yossef Bodanski's monumental book on the threat 
of terrorism in the world, Target America (Bodanski, SPI Books, New 
York, 1993, Introduction, p.14), congressman Bill Mc Collum (then 
chairman of the Republican Task Force on Terrorism and Unconventional 
Warfare) puts it into perspective. He writes, "The World Trade Center 
bombing - February 28, 1993 -    has brought into sharp and dramatic 
focus what a select group of experts have been warning for years, that 
the United States is a prime target for terrorism by militant Islamic 
fundameritalists."

With the multiplicity of movements and organizational names, one might 
get the impression of disorganization about Islamic terrorists. Writes 
Bodanski, "This seeming chaotic diversity of causes and perpetrators, in 
fact, conceals a tightly bonded international terrorism system..." 
(Target America, Bodanski, p.15). To mention only a fraction of the 
organizations, they include Ramas, Islamic Jihad, the Hisbollah, and 
lately al-Gaman alIslamiya (Islamic Group) and Amal of Lebanon. But all 
have one thing in common, they spring from the same roots, are financed 
from the same sources, serviced by the same infrastructure and follow 
the instructions of Iran.

The predominant sect in most of the Middle East Muslim countries is 
Suni. But of its 5 branches the Shia gave the world "redemptive 
suicide". It is based on the belief that Mohammed's son in law, Ah, was 
saved because, Hussein, (a close friend) sacrificed his life for "the 
cause," giving rise to the cult of martyrdom which now includes trained, 
sophisticated planners, explosive and munitions experts, and recruits, 
who until recently trained only in Iran at locations and institutions 
cited by Bodenski in his book. They then attack perceived enemies, 
committing suicide in the process. In Hamas such heros of the faith are 
promised a new home and lifetime income for their families. The 
perpetrator receives a special place in the Moslem version of Heaven 
where one of the rewards is to have a supply of 72 virgin women for 
perpetual sex, with the necessary libido to sustain it.

"The message from Iran, no matter how bizarre it may sound the first, 
second, fourth, or thirty-ninth time, is (in my view) the most 
impressive political ideology with which we have been confronted in the 
twentieth century since the Bolshevist Revolution. It is a powerful 
message that will be with us for a very long time..." suggests Marvin 
Zonist, Director of the Middle East Institute, University of Chicago. 
For Bible students it is relevant to note that Rabbinic interpretations 
of Ezekiel 36-39 place all of the nations listed as part of a "northern 
confederacy" which comes against Israel,  (i.e. Gog and Magog) around 
the Black and Caspian seas, and including the five central republics of 
the former USSR. Russia is included only as part of the designated 
"...and many people with you.." (Ezekiel 38:6). Obviously this 
confederacy is ISLAMIC, when viewed in the context of today's Middle 
East geography, and Russia's recent behavior is fully suspect. The 
Islamic Curtain now stretches from Mauritania to Pakistan. The Rabbis do 
not accept the derivation of the word "rosh" held by many evangelical 
futurists regarding end-time scenarios.

It is fair to note that not all one billion Muslims in the world are 
radical, militant, fundamentalist, nor are all fundamentalists 
terrorists. Like all religions there are extremists. However it is 
compelling that Islam leads the world in religion-based killing. One 
need look no further than the Sudan, Somalia, Ethiopia, North Africa, 
Nigeria, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Algeria, and Libya to underscore this. 
And, Militant Islamic Fundamentalists growing exponentially around the 
world.

SOME TENETS OF ISLAMIC FUNDAMENTALISM

- Early Islam was entirely militant fundamentalist extremism. It is fair 
to say that Mohammed himself was a terrorist and expanded his religion 
through terrorism or Jihad.
- The god of Islam - Allah - is not the God of the Bible. Allah was the 
moon God whom Mohammed chose from a pantheon of gods to use as a 
fundamental building stone of Islam. It is sad to hear Christian 
ministers who are not aware of this historical truth commend Moslems who 
"worship the same God we do in a different way." Allah was and is a 
pagan god (Isaiah 44:6-8).
- Violence and terrorism against innocent civilians, women and children, 
is necessary and theologically correct to replace Arab secularist 
governments with theocratic Islamic ones. This is illustrated by the 
thousands of people murdered in Algeria.
- It is all right to make commitments or agreements with the intention 
of breaking them, to gain an advantage over an enemy or the advance of 
Islam. 
- It is the duty of every Muslim to strive for a worldwide Islamic 
theocracy. Therefore, every true Muslim is urged to participate  (A. 
Ibrahim, Columnist, New York Times)
- Any territory ever occupied (no matter how briefly) remains 
permanently the domain of Islam (i.e. Turkey, Spain, parts of Europe, 
and of course Israel under the Hamas Charter, Article Eleven).
- Every non-Moslem, regardless of their religion, is an INFIDEL. 
Therefore one must convert, be killed, or pay the "tribute" and live 
under the Islamic Dhimi (submission) laws in an Islamic controlled 
society with limited rights and restrictive laws. Islamic scholars of 
today have not repudiated this teaching. They continue to teach it in 
major centers of learning. It is itself a form of Jihad.
- Muslims may co-exist with other religions in religiously plural 
societies such as France, England, the United States, or Russia  (which 
has millions of Muslims), but it is their duty to work toward the goal 
of making Islam the dominant religion. They may tolerate other religions 
- BUT NOT AS EQUALS.
- Christian evangelism is not to be permitted in any Muslim society. 
Saudi Arabia exemplifies this. Religious assembly other than Islam is 
not allowed. Furthermore it is "Judenrein"- no Jews are allowed to live 
there. It is also a slave importing nation.
- Minou Reeves, in Female Warriors of Allah (Dutton, p.174) states, "The 
only answer lies in Islam. It is our divine gift to strike the evil at 
the root, and the root is America itself" (The Hisballah Manifesto).
- Islam also teaches temporary marriage, polygamy, ritual female 
circumcision, punitive amputation, harems, male superiority and 
domination of females, and much more.

"...our struggle against the Jews is extremely wide-ranging and grave, 
so much so that it will need all the loyal efforts we can wield to be 
followed by further steps and reinforced by successive battalions from 
the multifarious Arab and Islamic world, until the enemies are defeated 
and Allah's victory prevails..."
 (Hizballah Manifesto). "Israel will arise and remain erect until Islam 
eliminates it as it has eliminated its predecessors"  (Preamble, 
Hisballah Manifesto). Many biblical scholars believe that Ezekiel 38:1-
23 describes how God deals with Islam's efforts at Israel's destruction.

Visit our Web Site on the Internet at www.hopefortoday.org.  New Bible 
study material on various biblical themes & theology.  You may also 
listen to actual broadcasts, music, view Hope For Today's complete 
catalog information about the ministries of HOPE FOR TODAY.  
1.800.75.BIBLE, P.O. Box 3927, Tustin, Ca. 92781.

 If you are interested, ask us for David's recent tape "The Coming 
Invasion of Israel" on Ezekiel 38:1-23 (PS2301).

***************************************************
PROPHEZINE NEWSBYTES

(c)1998, WorldNetDaily.com

Privacy has become an anachronism. The privacy the founding fathers so 
cherished is now merely a footnote in history (that is, in those classes 
where pre-20th century history is even taught).

Many are aware of the unbridled abuse of the alleged single-purpose 
Social Security number. We have legislators who have sworn a sacred oath 
to preserve and protect the Constitution against all enemies foreign and 
domestic, who have in fact become domestic enemies. The persistent push 
for a national identification card (complete with biometric elements) is 
barely a step away from subdermal biochip implants. In fact, the science 
exists now for little computer chips to be inserted under the skin which 
would contain more information about you than your mother knows: 
medical, financial, and legal data is a start. Food, fuel, and retail 
consumption is the next step.

All the assaults on our privacy have a "reasonable" rationalization.

Rumor control has for years suggested there was a massive system 
designed to intercept all your e-mail, fax traffic and more. In this 
case the rumors are correct.

I have been warning anyone who would listen that the most significant 
dangers to the Republic we the people face, is not from annoying 
unconstitutional laws which distract us so routinely. The real threat to 
the republic has and will come from international treaties. You may have 
seen hints of this with NAFTA and GATT, but have a seat and pour 
yourself a strong libation.

It is illegal for the United States to spy on its citizens ... kinda. 
The laws have been circumvented by a mutual pact among five nations. 
Under the terms of UKUSA agreement,  Britain spies on Americans and 
America spies on British citizens, and then the two conspirators trade 
data. A classic technical finesse. It is legal, but the intent to evade 
the spirit is inescapable.

This system is called ECHELON, and has been kicking around in some form 
longer than I have. The result of the UKUSA treaty signed by the United 
States, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and New Zealand was and is to 
have a vast global intelligence monster which allegedly shares common 
goals. The system is so "efficient" that reportedly National Security 
Agency (NSA) folk from Fort Meade can work from Menwith Hill in England 
to intercept local communications without either nation having to burden 
themselves with the formality of seeking approval or disclosing the 
operation.

This isn't black helicopter stuff guys. The London Telegraph reported in 
December of last year that the Civil liberties Committee of the European 
Parliament had officially confirmed the existence and purpose of 
ECHELON. "A global electronic spy network that can eavesdrop on every 
telephone, e-mail and telex communication around the world will be 
officially acknowledged for the first time in a European Commission 
report. ..."

The report noted: "Within Europe all e-mail, telephone and fax 
communications are routinely intercepted by the United States National 
Security Agency, transferring all target information from the European 
mainland via the strategic hub of London, then by satellite to Fort 
Meade in Maryland via the crucial hub at Menwith Hill, in the North York 
moors in the UK.

"The ECHELON system forms part of the UKUSA system but unlike many of 
the electronic spy systems developed during the Cold War, ECHELON is 
designed primarily for non-military targets: governments, organizations 
and businesses in virtually every country."

Space precludes my going into greater detail, but you can probably find 
a lot more by checking the archive of the London Telegraph, or send me 
an e-mail inquiry, and I'll have the entire ECHELON report forwarded to 
you.

An interesting sidebar appeared last month in the International Herald 
Tribune under the headline, "Big Corporate Brother: It Knows More About 
You Than You Think." The story details Acxiom Corp, which is a humongous 
information service hidden in the Ozark foothills. Twenty-four hours a 
day, Acxiom electronically gathers and sorts all kinds of data about 196 
million Americans. Credit card transactions and magazine subscriptions, 
telephone numbers, real estate records, automotive data, hunting, 
business and fishing licenses, consumer surveys and demographic detail 
that would make a marketing department's research manager salivate. This 
relatively new (legal) enterprise is known as "data warehousing" or 
"data-mining", and it underscores the cruel reality that the fiction of 
personal privacy has become obsolete. Technology's ability to collect 
and analyze data has made privacy a quaint albeit interesting dinosaur.

The Tribune reported that "Axciom can often determine whether an 
American owns a dog or cat, enjoys camping or gourmet cooking, reads the 
Bible or lots of other books. It can often pinpoint an American's 
occupation, car and favorite vacations. By analyzing the equivalent of 
billions of pages of data, it often projects for its customers who 
should be offered a credit card or who is likely to buy a computer."

Long ago and far away, Adolf Hitler was talking to Hermann Rauschning 
and said, "The people about us are unaware of what is really happening 
to them: They gaze fascinated at one or two familiar superficialities, 
such as possession and
income and rank and other outworn conceptions. As long as these are kept 
intact, they are quite satisfied. But in the meantime they have entered 
a new relation: a powerful social force has caught them up. They 
themselves are changed. What are ownership and income to that? Why need 
we trouble to socialize banks and factories? We socialize human beings."

I see someone has made a TV movie of "Brave New World." Are we to view 
it as a work of fiction, or a Scribean foreshadowing of what looms in 
the very near future?

Geoff Metcalf can be heard Monday-Friday on:
KSFO, 560AM in Northern California.
His web site and newsletter information is at:
http://www.ksfo560.com/Personalities/GM.htm
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Futuristic Medicine Now Heads Up for Transplants 
(ABC News Online - April 28, 1998)

'There is a great deal of similarity between what we accomplished in the 
monkey and what we believe we can accomplish in the human being.' ' Dr. 
Robert White

By John McKenzie
ABCNEWS.com
Transplanting organs from one body to another has become routine. The 
liver, the kidney, the heart. Multiple transplants are more daring, but 
they too are becoming more common.  But what about getting it all? The 
complete package. Someone else's whole body'attached to your head.  'A 
total body transplant,' is how Dr. Robert White of Case Western Reserve 
University describes it. 'All of the organs, all of extremities and so 
forth, brought in the form of a transplant.'  It sounds like science 
fiction, but it isn't. The idea is to take the functioning body of 
someone whose brain is dead and attach it to the head of someone whose 
body is dying, someone experiencing multiple organ failure.  'I'm 
talking about a procedure that could actually be done with appropriate 
practice and the safeguards,' says White, 'I don't want to say tomorrow, 
but certainly within the year.' 

Monkeys First 
In fact, doctors have already performed total body transplants on 
monkeys. A team of neurosurgeons at Case Western in Cleveland developed 
the elaborate procedure.  First, they connected the arteries and veins 
in the neck.  Then they attached metal clamps to the
spinal column to hold the head in place. Tubes connected the trachea and 
esophagus. Then doctors sewed up the skin and muscles around the neck.  
Six hours after the operation, the monkeys awoke with totally different 
bodies.  'That brought a fair amount of excitement to us,' says White, 
in an assertion that seems wildly understated. 'They not only would 
follow us with their eyes around the laboratory, but they could hear, 
they could taste. They could feel about the face.'  Not surprisingly, 
White as been criticized by some people as a modern-day Dr. 
Frankenstein. But he's an internationally renowned brain surgery pioneer 
who has more than 700 health care publications to his credit. None of 
his work, however, has been more controversial than his recently devised 
procedures for human body transplants. 

Spinal Cord Trouble Spot 
'There are a great deal of similarities between what we accomplished in 
the monkey and what we believe we can accomplish in the human being,' 
says White, adding that 'we anticipate it would actually be easier. The 
structures in the human neck are simply larger, and we're more 
experienced in dealing with them.'

While total body transplants show just how far surgeons have come in 
manipulating the body, they have yet to figure out how to reconnect the 
spinal cord. So for now, patients undergoing this operation would not be 
able to move their new bodies. But with spinal chord research developing 
so rapidly, many scientists expect that problem can be overcome.  'We're 
making substantial progress in the area of spinal cord regeneration,' 
notes White. 'When that problem is solved, then the patient who 
undergoes a total body transplant may very successfully maneuver and get 
out of bed, and function as a total individual.'  That may mean that, 
for some people, a total body transplant might someday offer the best 
way to extend life. 

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
ITAA's Year 2000 Outlook
May 1, 1998 Volume 3, No. 17
Published by the Information Technology Association of America, 
Arlington, VA 

Koskinen Walks Wire at Industry Breakfast
Speaking at an industry breakfast this week, the federal government's 
"Y2K Czar," John Koskinen, said the international dimensions of the Year 
2000 could become a foreign policy issue for the United States.  
Koskinen said surveys indicate that 70 percent of countries have not 
done anything in response to the situation. Y2K-triggered outages, he 
suggested, could not only affect U.S. citizens, businesses and embassies 
abroad, it could also impact the political stability of nations.  He 
said Secretary of State Madeleine Albright will shortly be issuing a 
cable designating U.S. ambassadors overseas as Y2K point persons in 
their respective countries.

Koskinen offered his candid remarks in an address which stressed the 
need to "walk the high wire" on the issue, balancing between 
"energizing" the public and causing panic.  The recently appointed Czar 
said he has met with 42 agency heads, CIOs or other executives in an 
"agency of the day" series of assessment meetings.  Koskinen said the 
Presidential Council he heads, composed of 35 agency deputy secretaries 
and CIOs, has begun to subdivide into a series of smaller work groups, 
focused on issues like energy, telecom, workforce, and emergency 
preparedness.   The goal, he indicated, is not to assume responsibility 
for corrections in these areas but provide leadership, focus, awareness, 
and problem solving.

While lead agency responsibility in certain areas will be obvious, 
Koskinen said areas like energy and telecommunications are not as 
straightforward.  The electric power grid in the U.S., for instance, is 
not a single entity but a series of interlocking grids with no one in 
charge, he said, adding that a "hodge podge" of federal agencies have 
jurisdiction for various facets of this infrastructure.

Koskinen identified four phases the Y2K Council will move through:  
organizing the government's response, monitoring performance, 
contingency planning and crisis management.  On the last point, he said 
the National Security Council has offered the Council the use of its 
communications network in the last months of 1999.  

His remarks spent significant time on the tenor of the current Y2K 
debate.  Koskinen said the "background noise" surrounding the issue is 
becoming increasingly "apocalyptic," some of which, he said is hard to 
dismiss out of hand.  Noting that worldwide disaster would result were 
all work on Y2K to stop immediately, Koskinen encouraged companies to 
advise the public on the status of their systems, to combat rumors of 
the week and to become inoculated against systems that will not work.  
Koskinen said he is pressing federal agencies, including the Antitrust 
Division of the Justice Department, to allow greater candor.  He said 
the Council is trying to determine how the federal government might act 
as a buffer in the communication of Y2K status information.  Such a 
move, he suggested, would facilitate collaboration and help bootstrap 
the Y2K conversion efforts of later starters.

On the Y2K budget front, Koskinen said that because Y2K is the highest 
IT priority for federal agencies, they should take money away from other 
programs to pay for it.  He admitted that with the Department of 
Defense, not having a Y2K "line item" may detract from the perceived 
importance of the program.  He said the Office of Management and Budget 
(OBM) is considering creation of $25 million pool of funds to help 
smaller agencies lacking budget resources to reprogram funds.   In terms 
of federal contracting and procurement reform, Koskinen said that 
agencies may not realize the high degree of flexibility they already 
have to award Y2K contracts.   He said that the next Y2K Council meeting 
will take up the question of limiting regulatory changes which may take 
a toll on Y2K conversion efforts within the agencies.

Senate Y2K Committee Announces Members
The Senate Leadership announced the make up of the Senate Special 
Committee on Year 2000 Technology Problem this week.  Sen. Bob Bennett 
(R-UT) will chair the committee.  Sen. Chris Dodd (D-CN) is the ranking 
member.  Also appointed are Sen. Jon Kyl (R-AZ), Sen. Susan Collins (R-
ME), Sen. Patrick Moynihan (D-NY), Sen. Jeff Bingaman (D-NM), and Sen. 
Gordon Smith (R-OR).  Ex Officio members are Sen. Ted Stevens (R-AK) and 
Sen. Robert Byrd (D-WV).  The committee will provide "oversight and 
legislative recommendations to help the government and private sector 
react quicker and more effectively to the economic difficulties arising 
from the Year 2000 system failures," according to a statement issued by 
Bennett's office.  Priority areas for the committee include:  utilities, 
telecommunications, transportation, financial services, general 
government services, general business services and litigation.  On a 
related note, Senator Bennett introduced S. 2000 this week, a bill to 
ensure that businesses, financial markets, and the federal government 
are taking adequate steps to resolve the year 2000 computer problems.  
The measure has been referred to Governmental Affairs

Swiss See Down Hill Sledding 
A survey by the Institute of Information Systems of the University of 
Bern appears to find a few holes in the Swiss approach to the Year 2000 
conversion.  Based on work conducted in December 1997, the survey finds 
that only 25 percent of companies polled believe their Y2K efforts will 
be "high or very high."  Although 25 percent have already experienced 
problems, more than 35 percent of firms plan to get started on their 
conversion work this year or later.  When they do get going, companies 
may face an uphill road.  Only about 20 percent of organizations have 
complete documentation on their applications.  Perhaps taking a "less is 
more" approach to the situation, only half of those polled have 
established a Y2K project manager and 70 percent of this group have 
created the job on a part-time basis.  More than 70 percent of firms 
have not called in external auditors, lawyers or insurance companies.  
Fifty percent of firms have failed to include internal auditors or to 
consider their facilities management or communications systems as part 
of the effort.  Confidence, however, appears to be high.  About 80 
percent say they do not plan to prepare a contingency plan.

Austrialian Bankers Pose Tax Break
The Australian Bankers Association has proposed that Y2K repairs for 
business be made tax deductible.  The Australian Taxation Office 
promises a white paper on the Y2K issue, and Tax Commissioner Michael 
Carmody says the government will weigh in on the tax incentive issue by 
June 30.

OECD Offers Ministerial View
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), a 
major multinational organization, has recognized the Y2K problem as a 
concern for its members. According to a communique from the Ministerial 
meeting held this week:  "As the year 2000 approaches, Ministers agreed 
on the importance of rapidly adapting computer systems in order to avoid 
the potential for significant disruption due to the so-called 
"millennium bug".  They stated their intention to meet this challenge 
and recognised the need to exchange information among governments and to 
work with the private sector, as appropriate, to ensure that the problem 
is resolved in a timely and comprehensive manner.  They also called on 
the OECD to promote global awareness of the Year 2000 problem and its 
potential economic impact, and to report to the Ottawa ministerial 
Conference on electronic commerce."

Dr. Ed Offers Data
Ed Yardeni has launched a free searchable database of Y2K disclosure 
statements.  The statements come from annual and quarterly reports filed 
in 1998.  The database is accessible at 
http://www.yardeni.com/cyber.html#Y1.19.

Published by the Information Technology Association of America, 
Arlington, VA  Bob Cohen, Editor               bcohen@itaa.org

Read in over 60 countries around the world

ITAA's Year 2000 Outlook is sponsored in part by BDM International, 
Inc., CACI International Inc., DMR Consulting Group Inc., IBS 
Conversions, Inc., Softworks, Inc. and Y2Kplus, Inc.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
The Dumbing Down of Christianity
By:  Joseph Farah, Editor

"Take heed to yourselves: If they brother trespass against
thee, rebuke him; and if he repent, forgive him." -- Luke
17:3 (King James Version)

The Rev. Billy Graham says he has forgiven President Clinton
for any sexual transgressions he may have committed -- and even lying 
about them --"because I know the frailty of human nature, and especially 
a strong vigorous young man like he is. He has a tremendous personality 
that I think the ladies just go wild over him."

What's wrong with this picture? First, let me say that I have the 
deepest respect and admiration for Dr. Graham. One of the great 
privileges in my life as a journalist was the honor of spending several 
hours talking with him privately poolside at a quiet Southern California 
hotel. It was a rare treat and an experience I will remember always.

But I must take issue with Dr. Graham on this matter of forgiveness. 
While his remarks are certainly well intentioned, they distort the true 
nature and character of Christian forgiveness. Furthermore, I believe 
they are symptomatic of a widespread public misconception that it is 
somehow wrong to judge the character and misdeeds of our top elected 
officials and hold them accountable to the highest standards of ethical 
and moral responsibility.

You see, it's just not Dr. Graham's place to forgive Bill Clinton's 
mistreatment of others.

Not only does Dr. Graham excuse Bill Clinton from any personal 
responsibility for his actions and his urges, he contributes to a 
fundamentally immoral idea that the appropriate and Godly thing to do 
any time one is confronted by sin is to forgive it -- unconditionally 
and without being asked.

One of the central tenets of orthodox, biblical Christianity -- the kind 
so effectively ministered by Dr. Graham throughout his lifetime --  is 
that forgiveness is contingent on the sinner repenting. Furthermore, 
forgiveness is an act to be offered only by God and the individual who 
has faced the transgression.

If forgiveness is offered without repentance, what is the
Point of rejecting sin? Modern-day Christianity has been marked by this 
brand of "cheap grace" lately, but it is distressing to see a noted 
Bible teacher like Dr. Graham falling into this popular unscriptural 
trend. I suspect his comments were off-the-cuff and not carefully 
considered, for Dr. Graham understands these principles as well as 
anyone on the planet today. 

It is not my business, or, with all due respect, Dr. Graham's, to 
forgive Bill Clinton for his sexual trespasses. It would be up to 
Hillary Clinton, Gennifer Flowers, Paula Jones, Monica Lewinsky and an 
untold list of other women he has violated to make any meaningful offer 
of forgiveness to the president. Besides, he hasn't even asked for it. 
He hasn't even admitted any wrongdoing, let alone repented of his sin 
and changed his behavior.

You can only forgive someone who did you harm. Forgiving
someone for hurting another is, frankly, insincere, phony and little 
more than an expression of New Age psychobabble. It may make you feel 
good to say you forgive someone for an offense against another, but it 
is simply not your business. In the court of forgiveness, we simply 
don't have jurisdiction to excuse bad behavior toward other people -- 
only bad behavior directed toward ourselves.

Am I just being picky? No, this is a critically important
distinction. Automatic forgiveness is a nonsensical and unbiblical 
doctrine. To subscribe to it is to render meaningless the whole notion 
of accountability -- the moral foundation of our civilization. It also 
demeans the role of Jesus Christ in the world. He was the embodiment of 
forgiveness, but Jesus demanded that sinners repent before they were 
cleansed of their sin.

The fact that even Billy Graham could be momentarily confused about the 
necessity of confronting evil and wrong-doing head-on -- judging it and 
punishing it, rather than excusing it and rationalizing it --is 
symptomatic of our times. You see, we live in an age in which few are 
willing to recognize evil for what it is.

I don't forgive Bill Clinton for his trespasses against women because it 
is not within my authority to offer such forgiveness. It is immaterial 
how healthy and vigorous he is or how strong his personality may be. And 
it doesn't matter how strong the temptations may have been. Each of us 
is called to be personally accountable for our behavior. We can't blame 
our sin on others.

It's symptomatic of the state of moral confusion we live in today that 
even Billy Graham has been caught up in the religion of pop psychology 
rather than the faith the one true living God.
 ----------------------------------
Joseph Farah is editor of the Internet newspaper WorldNetDaily.com and 
executive director of the Western Journalism Center, an independent 
Group of investigative reporters.
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
F.Y.I. - Israel in the News
Week Ending: May 2, 1998/Iyar 6 5758

"Do not fear, for I am with you; I will bring your offspring from the 
east, and gather you from the west.  I will say to the north, 'Give them 
up!' And to the south, 'Do not hold them back.' Bring My sons from afar, 
and My daughters from the ends of the earth," Isaiah 43.5-6

FIFTY YEARS OF STATEHOOD: Friday, the 5th of Iyar, marked the 50th 
anniversary of Israel's declaration of statehood. With prayers, music 
and fireworks, Israelis looked back on the last 50 years, and celebrated 
the beginning of the next half-century of the Jewish state. At official 
jubilee celebrations at Jerusalem's Givat Ram Stadium on Thursday, key 
events and issues in Israeli life were remembered in drama and song, 
including the Holocaust, immigration, wars and loss of life, 
reunification of Jerusalem, and search for peace with neighboring Arab 
states. 

On May 14, 1948 (5 Iyar 5708), the eyes of the world fell on a narrow 
piece of land bordering the eastern Mediterranean Sea, as a 3,500-year-
old nation was reborn in unprecedented, dramatic -- many would say, 
miraculous -- fashion. Even as David Ben-Gurion declared the 
establishment of the State of Israel, the armies of five Arab states 
attacked the Jewish nation, threatening to strangle the new-born state 
at birth. Israel not only survived that potential disaster, but has 
thrived through the 50 years since, enduring one of the bloodiest terror 
campaigns in history and numerous threats to its existence. Defying 
predictions, it has prospered through it all. In Israel's case, each 
passing year has demonstrated G-d's hand on His ancient people, and His 
faithfulness to the promises in His word. It is, indeed, "a time to 
rejoice". (ICEJ) 

REMEMBERING THOSE WHO GAVE THEIR LIVES: A siren sounded for two minutes 
Wednesday morning as Israel remembered its over 20,000 who have been 
killed since 1947. This was followed by ceremonies at military 
cemeteries throughout the country. A state memorial ceremony took place 
on Mount Herzl. Remembrance Day ceremonies took place in Hebron and 
Kiryat Arba the previous evening. In the middle of the ceremony in 
Hebron, Arabs attacked an Israeli army officer. He was hit in the face 
with a rock. The Israel Defense Force (IDF) spokesman announced that 
18,748 IDF soldiers had fallen in Israel's battles since November 29th, 
1947, the War of Independence. (Kol Yisrael/MED, IDF Spokesman) 

MEANWHILE, THE BATTLE RAGES: The Israeli Government is protesting recent 
inflammatory statements from senior members of Fatah. Fatah is the 
largest faction in the PLO, led personally by Yasser Arafat. Under the 
terms of the Oslo Accords, the Palestinian Authority (PA) is obligated 
to refrain from incitement against Israel and to take measures to 
prevent others from engaging in it. Despite this, senior officials of 
Fatah have made the following statements in the past month: "Oh dear 
ones on the occupied lands, relatives and friends throughout Palestine 
and the diaspora ... Intensify the revolution and the blessed intifada 
... We must burn the ground under the feet of the invaders." --  
excerpts from a message by PA [a.k.a. PLO] Chairman Yasser Arafat 
marking the 10th anniversary of the slaying of PLO leader Abu Jihad, who 
was in charge of terrorist operations against Israel. The text was 
published in the official PA newspaper Al-Hayat Al-Jadeeda. "The Fatah 
movement has forged an alliance with death for the sake of the 
homeland." -- Abbas Zaki, member of the Fatah Central Committee and the 
Palestinian Legislative Council, during a speech he delivered in 
Arafat's name at a memorial ceremony for Abu Jihad held in Gaza (Al-
Hayat Al-Jadeeda, April 19, 1998) "We are ready for a military 
confrontation ... The bullets of the Black Panthers will strike at 
Netanyahu's soldiers." -- from a statement issued by Yasser Arafat's 
Fatah faction of the PLO in Jenin announcing the re-establishment of the 
Black Panther military units (Al-Hayat Al-Jadeeda, March 26, 1998). 
(GPO)

ISRAEL GROWS YOUNGER: The Central Bureau of Statistics reports that the 
number of households in Israel rose by 37% during the decade spanning 
1986-1996. The number of Jewish households grew by 33% to 1.346 million, 
while the number of Arab and other households rose by 67% to reach 
202,000. The average number of children in a Jewish home is 2.22, and in 
Arab and other homes - 3.08. The total population stands at 5,940,000, a 
growth of more than five million since the inception of the State in 
1948. The population increased by 2.4% over the past year, compared with 
8% a year during Israel's first decade, and compared with 1% in North 
American countries. 35% of Israel's population are children under 18, 
compared with 19-25% in other industrialized countries. (Arutz Sheva) 

DEMONSTRATIONS AT HAR HOMA: About 11,000 people chose to spend 
Independence Day in a political demonstration at the site of the Har 
Homa housing project in southeast Jerusalem. Of them, about 10,000 came 
to urge the government to move ahead with the development and 1,000 
others, organized by the Peace Now movement, called on the government to 
abandon the project. On the pro-Har Homa side a mix of haredi (orthodox) 
and Zionist tunes could be heard as families grilled meat near vendors 
who peddled hot corn, ice-cream, candy and soda. There were traffic 
headaches, with cars parked every which way, and roads that were clogged 
shut; slogans were chanted, banners held, car stickers sold and 
speeches.  A quarter of a mile away, Peace Now supporters hoisted a 
large white balloon in the shape of a dove while calling for a halt to 
the construction.

Despite the completion of preparatory work months ago, Prime Minister 
Binyamin Netanyahu has delayed the next step of asking private 
contractors for bids, apparently in response to pressure from the United 
States. Minister of Education Rabbi Yitzhak Levy said Friday that 
Netanyahu promised representatives of the National Religious Party that 
construction at Har Homa would begin soon after Independence Day. But 
Levy said that the prime minister did not give any dates. (Ha'aretz, 
Jerusalem Post)

HAMAS MEETS WITH IRANIAN LEADERS: Iran's top leaders met Saturday with 
the head of the Palestinian militant group Hamas and pledged support for 
their struggle, Tehran Radio reported. Supreme spiritual leader Ali 
Khamenei and President Mohammad Khatami held separate talks with Sheik 
Ahmed Yassin -- the founding leader of Hamas. "The Islamic Republic of 
Iran and the Iranian people will continue to support Palestinians 
despite the pressures and conspiracies by the Zionists and their 
supporters," Tehran Radio quoted Khamenei as saying. Iran will continue 
its struggle against "the occupying Zionist regime," Khamenei said. 
Yassin is due to leave for Syria on Sunday and then travel to Pakistan 
and Malaysia. He has already visited Egypt, Saudi Arabia and Qatar. 

Meanwhile, US Vice President Al Gore met Saturday for one hour with 
Arafat in PA-controlled Ram'Allah. He met Friday morning with PM 
Netanyahu for several hours and discussed issues including the 
negotiations with the PA, Iran's nuclear capabilities, and an Israeli 
withdrawal from Lebanon. After his talk with Gore, Arafat said he 
appreciates the efforts of the American administration and presidency to 
put the peace process back on course. (AP, Arutz Sheva) 

ON THE NORTHERN FRONT: On Saturday, a Hizb'Allah terrorist was killed in 
a raid on IDF and South Lebanese Army (SLA) positions in the Security 
Zone in south Lebanon. Five SLA soldiers were wounded late Wednesday in 
a Hizb'Allah terrorist attack near the village of Tair Harfa in the 
western sector of in the Security Zone. IDF troops operating in the 
eastern sector of the Security Zone in southern Lebanon on Wednesday 
encountered a band of terrorists and opened fire. A preliminary 
investigation of the incident reveals that several of the terrorists 
were wounded. In another incident Hizb'Allah and Amal terrorists 
directed dozens of mortar bombs towards IDF and SLA troops along the 
entire Security Zone. The bombs were fired from within the villages of 
Zabkin, Ya'atar, Majdel Zun and Yakait el-Jazer. The firing from within 
villages is a direct violation of  the Grapes of Wrath Understandings. 
In self-defense, and hence within the framework of the Understandings, 
IDF and SLA troops returned fire. On Monday an IDF officer and four IDF 
soldiers were wounded by the detonation of an explosive device, while 
operating in the western sector of the Security Zone. It has now been 
released for publication that a force of Egoz-unit IDF soldiers killed 
two Hizb'Allah terrorists in southern Lebanon on Sunday. 

In a related story, Lebanon has announced that there is no connection 
between an Israeli withdrawal from southern Lebanon and a similar 
retreat from the Golan Heights. Despite this, Lebanon still feels bound 
by Syria's warning not to make progress towards an agreement with Israel 
independently of Syria.  (Reuters/Lebanon Newswire, AFP, IDF Spokesman, 
Arutz Sheva)

Us congressmen demand terrorists prosecuted: Sixty-two US Congressman 
have signed a letter to US Attorney-General Janet Reno demanding that 
the Department of Justice prosecute Palestinian Arab terrorists who have 
murdered US citizens. "The DOJ should pursue these killers of American 
citizens abroad with the same vigor it has pursued the murderers of 
Americans killed in terrorist attacks here in the US ... Many of the 
suspects in these murders are believed to be living freely and openly in 
Palestinian-controlled territory ... It is our view that the DOJ must 
investigate, indict, and prosecute these individuals without further 
delay," the letter stated. 

In other action, the US House of Representatives adopted a resolution 
commemorating Israel's 50th anniversary. The unanimous measure commends 
the "people of Israel for their remarkable achievements," and "reaffirms 
the bonds of friendship and cooperation which have existed between the 
United States and Israel for the past half-century." (Arutz Sheva)

NETANYAHU TO LONDON ON MONDAY: PM Netanyahu arrives in London Monday for 
meetings with US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright. Arafat is also 
scheduled to meet with Albright in London. Netanyahu believes the talks 
can succeed in revitalizing the peace process if both sides are willing 
to compromise. Albright, however, is pessimistic about reopening 
negotiations after hearing reports from Vice President Gore and American 
mediators who have met with Middle East leaders. She described the peace 
process as "going around in circles." Netanyahu said he expects the 
Clinton administration to adhere to the letter written in January 1997 
by then-Secretary of State Warren Christopher, which said only Israel 
will designate the scope of the redeployments during the Interim 
Agreement. "If the United States insists on a withdrawal from 13% of 
Judea and Samaria, there will not be an agreement," Netanyahu said 
Tuesday night. He said that he will not give in to American dictates.

Netanyahu warned Arafat on Sunday against a unilateral declaration of a 
Palestinian state. He said that Israel cannot permit another Iraq or 
Iran across the border; if the PA declares a state, Israel would have to 
take action to protect itself. (Jerusalem Post, AP, Kol Yisrael/MED, 
Israel Line, Arutz Sheva) 

VIRTUAL TERROR COMES OF AGE: Was that crash of the Hong Kong stock 
market last fall perhaps some plot of a mad terror group? According to 
experts in terrorism and information warfare specialists, we are on the 
verge, if not already in the midst, of the "cyber-terrorism" age. Add to 
this the threat of unaccounted-for nuclear bombs -- some that can fit 
into a suitcase -- and biological weapons, and you've got "super-
terrorism." "This is a new form of warfare. It isn't conventional, and 
we have to think about the unthinkable," says terrorism expert Prof. 
Yonah Alexander, author of numerous books on terrorism. Technology has 
created an interconnected world. But the benefits of this contain a 
great flaw, with each connection creating new exposures and risks, 
making us more vulnerable. Today's terror groups, including Hizb'Allah 
and Hamas, use the Internet for propaganda and psychological warfare 
purposes. But, says Alexander, the Internet is also being used by terror 
groups to recruit members and transfer orders. Terrorists can and do use 
the Internet to put out disinformation, search for targets, steal 
information and work to alter opinions through chat groups. (Jerusalem 
Post) 

YESHA BOYCOTT BACKFIRES: The left-wing organizations that launched the 
campaign to boycott Jewish products manufactured in Judea and Samaria 
[see F.Y.I.-05-25-98/29 Nisan 5758-ed] are in the midst of deciding 
whether to continue their campaign. Arutz Sheva has learned that a 
survey commissioned by the groups showed that the call to boycott the 
products apparently led to increased sales instead. Another poll 
commissioned by the groups showed that anti-religious activity on the 
part of the left-wing parties causes a decrease of support for them even 
among non-religious voters. (Arutz Sheva)

SHOVAL APPOINTED AS ISRAEL'S AMBASSADOR TO US: PM Netanyahu on Tuesday 
named Zalman Shoval as Israel's next Ambassador to the United States, 
recalling that he "fulfilled that role with great success in the past" 
and predicting he will once again, the Jerusalem Post reported. Shoval 
will replace the incumbent envoy, Eliahu Ben-Elissar, who will succeed 
Avi Pazner as Ambassador to France this summer.  Netanyahu made the 
appointment in his current capacity as Foreign Minister.  Shoval, who 
turned 68 on the same day, said he accepted the post "with humility." 
Shoval served previously at this post from 1990 to 1993 under Prime 
Minister Yitzhak Shamir and will be exempt from the usual procedures for 
political appointees because of his confirmation eight years ago. 
(Israel Line) 

NE'EMAN, INDYK TO DISCUSS ENDING CIVILIAN AID: Finance Minister Yaakov 
Ne'eman is scheduled to meet United States Undersecretary of State 
Martin Indyk today in further efforts to reach an agreement on gradually 
phasing out American civilian aid to Israel, Ha'aretz reported.  US 
civilian aid to Israel is currently $1.2 billion annually. US finance 
experts held discussions with Israeli Finance Ministry officials on 
Sunday to lay the groundwork for today's higher level meeting. The talks 
are likely to continue next week when Ne'eman visits Washington for the 
fourth time this year. During his visit to Washington in January, 
Ne'eman proposed ending civilian aid over the course of ten years, while 
increasing military aid by $600 million, half the amount of the civilian 
aid reduction.
FYI - Israel In The News
"For Zion's sake will I not hold my peace,
and for Jerusalem's sake I will not rest" Isaiah 62:1
*******************
'F.Y.I.' may be reproduced & distributed in any form. Please give proper 
credit.
Send comments to Lee Underwood at: fyi@tzemach.org   (Do not send 
subscription requests here) To subscribe, send request to: fyi-list-
request@tzemach.org
 In the subject area, enter:  subscribe (Do not enter anything else) To 
unsubscribe, send request to: fyi-list-request@tzemach.org  In the 
subject area, enter:  unsubscribe (Do not enter anything else) Web site: 
http://www.tzemach.org/fyi

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Eight Signs Of The Messiah
By: Ken Onweller

You may have heard the address analogy, but for those of you who  have 
not, here it goes: 

to identify a person in the United States you  need their: 
First Name, Last Name, Country, State, City, Zip Code, 
Street, House Number. 
 
That makes eight pieces of information to identify  you. When you 
compute the odds involved with 8 pieces of identification it becomes 1 
out of 10 followed by 17 zeros.  This is equivalent to making a pile of 
quarters, two-feet deep, covering the entire state of  Texas. Take one 
quarter, put a red x on it and throw it in.  Mix up the quarters and 
helicopter in a blind-folded man and drop him into  Texas. He has one 
chance to grab a quarter.  The odds of him getting the quarter with the 
X are 1 in 10 followed by 17 zeros.

God, likewise, has created pieces of identification to identify the one 
and only human whom he would send to save all humanity from their sins.

Bear in mind that these Old Testament prophesies were written hundreds
of years before they happened.

1) Isaiah 53:5  But he was pierced for our transgressions.
2) Zecharaiah 13:7 Strike the shepherd and the sheep will be 
scattered.
3) Isaiah 11:10  the nations will rally to him
4) Psalm 41:9 Even my close friend, whom I have trusted, he who has
shared my bread, has lifted up his heel against me.
5) Zech 11:12-13 they paid me thirty pieces of silver...and threw 
them into the house of the Lord to the potter.
6) Zech 9:9 See, your king comes to you. . .gentle and riding on a
donkey.
7) Num 24:17 A star will come out of Jacob, a scepter will rise out 
of Israel.
8) Isaiah 9:7 He will reign on David's throne and over his kingdom.

We have here someone who was pierced, deserted by his closest friends, 
loved by Gentiles (non-Jew), betrayed by a close friend for 30 pieces of 
silver (not gold) that would be thrown to the temple floor and used 
to buy a potter's field.  He would come to Jerusalem riding on a  
donkey, being a descendant of Jacob and heir to the throne of David.

Only Jesus has fulfilled these 8 predictions.  Referring back to the
quarter in Texas, it is pretty hard to come up with someone else who
might have fulfilled these 8.  However, the Old Testament doesn't 
have only 8.  There are nearly 300 separate predictions pointing at the 
ONE MAN GOD WOULD SEND.  Just imagine what the odds of that would be!!!

Now consider this one:

Daniel 9:25-26 From the issuing of the decree to restore and rebuild 
Jerusalem until the Anointed One, the ruler, comes, there will be  Seven 
'sevens,' and sixty-two 'sevens.' . . .After the sixty-two 'sevens,'  
the Anointed One will be cut off and will have nothing.

7 * 7 + 62 * 7 = 483 years from the rebuilding of Israel until the 
Messiah.  In 445 BC this decree was issued by Artaxerxes of Persia. 
Going forward from this point we arrive at 37AD:  the year the  Anointed 
One was cut off.  The very year that Jesus Christ was hung on a cross.

God knew from the beginning that someone had to pay the price for 
humanity's sins.  He used a man:  Abraham, and from his descendants 
created the nation of Israel.  From that nation, he selected the tribe 
of Judah, and the kingly lineage of David.  Almost 2000 years ago, this 
great man rode into Jerusalem on the back of a donkey to be betrayed, 
beaten, and crucified.  All of this because God loves YOU and  doesn't 
want you to perish.  Jesus died so you wouldn't have to.

***************************************************
SOMETHINGS  TO  THINK  ABOUT  
(c)Copyright by Wanda Pocklington, 

I miss your FACE
"IT" illuminates a friendly smile
I miss your SMILE
"IT" lifts me a little while
I miss your encouraging WORDS
"THEY" help me thru the day
I miss your kind VOICE
so serious when you pray.
I miss our CHATS on the phone
 SOMETIMES I feel alone....

Then the LORD spoke to my heart:
"From YOU, I shall never depart!
I gave you your special FACE
and bestowed mercy and grace
I gave you the SUNSHINE to make YOU smile
and a SMILE to encourage others awhile
I gave YOU gifts to share, to enrich their lives
with hope, ambition, and time by which to strive
I gave you Health, Joy, and Peace,
 that you would be fulfilled...
also, amily and riends to ill your life still!"

NOW, MY CHILD, I ASK YOU THIS:
"What is it that you have missed?
Have you lived life to its fullest?
Have you given rather than taken?
Have you stirred the lost and caused some shakin?
Have you taken time to KNOW ME?
 Have you shared My LOVE for all to SEE?
Have you spent time at MY FEET?
Have you lived VICTORIOUS or one of defeat?
Have you used your GIFTS wisely?
Have you complained instead of PRAISED ME?
Have you noticed many running to and fro?
Have you shared "MY WORD" that 'they' may KNOW?
HAVE YOU SHOWN THEM THE WAY TO LIFE...
With ME to Live Forever as MY WIFE?"

"TIME is running OUT....
Will you soon be saying, "IF ONLY I ...."
Will you in life be satisfied?
IT IS LATER THAN YOU THINK
I AM COMING faster than a BLINK!
Will you hear, "WELL DONE,
 My Good and Faithful Servant?"
DO TODAY ALL THAT YOU CAN DO
For tomorrow, I MAY BE COMING FOR YOU!"






