PropheZine #80
July 1, 1999
Bob Lally Publisher
Mimi Nila Senior Editor
Rick Woodcock Asst. Editor
Abraham George Asst. Editor
Lori Eldridge Asst. Editor
Bob Ippolito Asst. Editor

ARTICLES
Alan Yusko......... TOUCH NOT THE DEVIL'S ANOINTED!
Ken Onweller................. When The Rapture Is Not!
                              The time is short, but the reward is forever!
Chad Rudolph.................Second Coming Confusion 
                             Contrasting the Rapture & the 2nd Coming

COMMENTARIES
Charles W. Colson...........Terror by Night - The Crash of Flight 1420
Carl Teichrib............A New World Agenda
                        - Canada's Role In Sustainable Development

BIBLE STUDY
Terry Denbow...............The Latter Times

POEMS AND STORIES

Submitted by Lori Eldridge   Author R.L. Stevenson....Two Hearts 
Submitted by John Terry............The Priest and the Collar
****************************************************************
Hello Everyone..!

Wow, are we ever moving into the last days.  !!   I don't know about everyone out there but we are sure experiencing some falling away in the churches.  Many people who we believe are truly grounded in the word, Christians for years, are being seduced and decieved by the enemy, Satan.  Pastors and other Bible teachers, both men and women are practicing heresy and sin in the church, and no one is holding them accountable.  What is happening in our churches in America..?  Is this the falling away and Apostasy spoken of in the bible?  Or is it just more of the same.....I think it is time to be good Bereans.  I hope everyone will spend much time in prayer and bible study, for we must be diligent saints in the war against Satan and the time is short....or is it..??

Ephesians 6:18  praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, being watchful to this end with all perseverance and supplication for all the saints----
Philippians 4:6  Be anxious for nothing, but in everything by prayer and supplication, with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known to God;


In Christs Service,
M.Nila  

|==========================================
|
|      TOUCH NOT THE DEVIL'S ANOINTED!
|          by Alan Yusko 
|             

We are living in the last days when people are rejecting sound Biblical doctrine and accepting all kinds of heresy. Right now we are witnessing the great falling away or the great apostasy. Here is what the Bible says:

2Thes:2 3: Let no man deceive you by any means: for that day shall not come, except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition;

Today many people claim to 'love' God. But do they really love Him? Is making the claim enough proof? What about those who reject sound doctrine and accept error? These people also claim to love God and to even be Christians? Are they? As I have written many times before, there is a direct relation between loving God and loving sound Biblical doctrine. You cannot have one without the other. Those who reject sound Biblical doctrine do NOT love God. We are living in days when men are rejecting sound doctrine and are tickling their ears with all kinds of error. The Bible clearly said that these days would come.

2 Tim:4 3 For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine; but after their own lusts shall they heap to themselves teachers, having itching ears;

Because many men and women in these last days have chosen to reject sound Biblical doctrine we see a great rise in the number of heresies and false teachings. These doctrines of devils are even being promoted in churches and all those with itching ears who reject sound Biblical doctrine are affected. The cry is "don't judge.. it's unloving" as heresies are freely promoted within the Christian community. People who 'dare' to warn of these heresies have been given the negative name of 'heresy hunters'. It is like the term the sodomites gave anyone who disagrees with their perversion, homophobic. Yes, these 'bad' heresy hunters are considered narrow, bigoted, and unloving people with a desire to cause trouble and division within the Church. So the heresies grow and spread within the Church and all those who reject sound Biblical doctrine are deceived. In truth, the ones creating divisions and trouble are not those sounding the warnings. But rather it is the false teachers preaching heresies and their blind followers soaking up the false doctrine like a dry sponge.

This tract will briefly look at the last days condition of some who yell:
"don't judge" or "you are slandering God's anointed" as they defend movements and ministers of the devil....while on the other hand 'claiming' to be loving Christians. We will look at the demonic laughing revival, quotes from famous wolf preachers, and the promise keepers ecumenical movement.

BEAUTIFUL, FUNNY DECEPTION THAT FEELS GOOD 

In these last days of deception before the return of Jesus and the rapture of the Church there are many deceivers and false teachers. The sad thing is deceivers can freely teach about their heresies and demonic movements can grow unchecked as many people today have rejected sound doctrine. Those people are the first to cry 'unloving', 'judgmental', 'slanderous' against those who point out the errors of the teachings and movements of the devil.

For example lets look at the laughing revival. Currently Toronto, Brownsville and other places are experiencing this outpouring of the demonic. Let me state right out that it is NOT the Holy Spirit of God that is taking control of the gullible people involved in this false revival. It is a demonic spirit that causes people to be possessed or oppressed. As a result many get 'drunk' in the spirit. These poor deceived souls stagger around like they are drunk. When they talk (or mumble) their words slur.

These drunk fools can stay this way for days and they have the nerve to claim that it is the Holy Spirit of God that did it! Others double over in uncontrollable laughter. Everything is funny as these deceived fools laugh for hours. I heard of a laughing preacher try to preach on the topic of hell. The more he read from the Bible the more he and the congregation laughed. He would read a verse about hell and double over laughing. Later when he regained some composure he would try to read some more of the Bible only to lose control laughing again. Folks, hell is no laughing matter. It is very serious business for a lost soul to reject Jesus and perish in his sins. Again it is not the Holy Spirit of God who makes these deceived, gullible people laugh like fools. Others get down on all fours and begin to bark like dogs. I saw a video clip where one fool got on all fours and was barking like a dog. He had a dog leash around his neck and as he walked like a dog and barked the congregation sang: Where He leads me I will follow. Again this is not funny at all. In my opinion it is blasphemous to claim that God had anything to do with such foolishness. Others in the laughing revival like to roar like lions, scream like a warrior, howl like a wolf (very appropriate), and swing spiritual swords hacking away at sin.

Those in favor of this move of the devil make great claims that 'Jesus is changing lives'. No it is not Jesus doing anything. It is the devil deceiving and binding with chains of darkness and oppression those who reject sound doctrine. Let me make this statement as clear as possible. It is not the Holy Spirit behind the laughing movement. It is devils and demons and the whole movement is a great demonic move of Satan. Anyone who claims to know and love the Lord should stay far away from such a movement.

Jer:23 16: Thus saith the Lord of hosts, Hearken not unto the words of the prophets that prophesy unto you: they make you vain: they speak a vision of their own heart, and not out of the mouth of the Lord.

For those who love God there is no surprises. The Bible clearly warns of great deception in the last days:

Matt:24 24 For there shall arise false Christs, and false prophets, and shall shew great signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect.

We are to be warned about signs and miracles and the Bible clearly states the devil will use them to deceive and enslave:

Again we see the reactions of those who do not love God since they reject sound Biblical doctrine. They get angry and indignant against anyone who would dare to 'judge' this obvious movement of "God". Well their God is not the God of the Bible as the God of the Bible never makes people bark like a dog or laugh like a drunken fool or convulse like an epileptic. But Christians have been clearly warned. The tares are drawn to these moves of the devil as their satanic pied piper draws them down a 'fun' path toward destruction. For those who love God and sound doctrine they will stay clear from such a movement of the devil. There is really no excuse for being deceived by the laughing revival as there is all kinds of literature written that warns of the dangers. But it is 'fun' and people go there and have a good 'experience' as the demonic spirit comes upon them and gives a thrill to their body.

MINISTERS OF RIGHTEOUSNESS 

When Satan's messengers come to town they do not look evil. Instead they look like a Christian in every way. They speak well and wear flashy suits and jewelry. However their doctrine is the doctrine of devils sprinkled with little tidbits of truth to enhance the deceptive flavor of their mission. They take after their daddy - the devil in every way. Here is what the Bible says:

2Cor:11 14 And no marvel; for Satan himself is transformed into an angel of light.
15 Therefore it is no great thing if his ministers also be transformed as the ministers of righteousness; whose end shall be according to their works.

Do you want to know how to get a professing 'Christian' really angry so he yells and his cheeks go red as he calls you all kinds of names? Just point out the errors and false teachings of his religious idol-man. Today many slick preachers are introducing heresies and even denying the Lord. Jude wrote about such people so it should be no suprise to those who love God and sound doctrine:

Jude 1:

4: For there are certain men crept in unawares, who were before of old ordained to this condemnation, ungodly men, turning the grace of our God into lasciviousness, and denying the only Lord God, and our Lord Jesus Christ.

Jude 1:
11: Woe unto them! for they have gone in the way of Cain, and ran greedily after the error of Balaam for reward, and perished in the gainsaying of Core.                            12: These are spots in your feasts of charity, when they feast with you, feeding themselves without fear: clouds they are without water, carried about of winds; trees whose fruit withereth, without fruit, twice dead, plucked up by the roots;
         13: Raging waves of the sea, foaming out their own shame;
wandering stars, to whom is reserved the blackness of darkness for ever.

Jude 1:
16: These are murmurers, complainers, walking after their own lusts; and their mouth speaketh great swelling words, having men's persons in admiration because of advantage.

Below are a collection of quotes from several idol-men that have all kinds of blind followers. These followers listen to their idol-man and ignore what the Bible has to say. The followers get their doctrine from their idol-man rather than from the Bible. With their own mouths these false teachers condemn themselves:

Titus 1:
16: They profess that they know God; but in works they deny him, being abominable, and disobedient, and unto every good work reprobate.

Below are several quotes from some popular demonic wolves who are teaching heresies in these last days. They all have blind man-idol followers who will defend their leader from all criticism.

"Another thing that hinders (receiving the Holy Spirit or anointing) is people pray all the time." (John Arnott, at Holy Trinity Brompton, England, February 14, 1995) 

Of the frightening manifestations in evidence in the Toronto "Blessing"
John Arnott says the problem is that we have been conditioned to believe "that the Holy Spirit's a gentleman" who would never do anything "rough or impolite". That, says Arnott, is simply "not true!" (John Arnott, Discovery Church, Orlando, FL, 1/29/95, audiotape, commentary from Counterfiet Revival, Hank Hanegraaff, 1997) 

Jesus had a nice house, a big house. (John Avanzini, Believer's Voice of Victory, (TBN) 1/20/91) 

Jesus wore designer clothes. (John Avanzini, Believer's Voice of Victory, (TBN) 1/20/91) 

"[The Spirit of God]...declared in the earth today what the eternal purpose of God has been through the ages...that He is duplicating Himself in the earth" (John Avanzini, "The End Time Manifestation of the Sons of God,"
Morris Cerullo World Evangelism tape).

William Branham said the doctrine of the Trinity is "a doctrine of demons"
(The Toronto Blessing, Stephen Sizer, 1990) 

Though Branham denied the historic, orthodox view of the Trinity, William Branham was the greatest prophet in the 20th century. This was due not to Branham's doctrines but to "his gifting in the word of knowledge." (Paul Cain, Armstrong in Michael Horton ed. Power Religion, 1992, p.67) 

"Did you know that from the beginning of time the whole purpose of God was to reproduce Himself?...And when we stand up here, brother, you're not looking at Morris Cerullo; you're looking at God. You're looking at Jesus"
(Morris Cerullo, "The End Time Manifestation of the Sons of God," Morris Cerullo World Evangelism tape 1).

God decided to throw a party for His people because they "already feel so icky about themselves." (Randy Clark, Catch The Fire, TAV, 10/14/94, audiotape) 

"You don't have a god in you, you are one." (Kenneth Copeland, "The Force Of Love" tape # 02-0028) 

"Pray to yourself, because I'm in your self and you're in My self. We are one Spirit, saith the Lord." (Kenneth Copeland, "Believer's Voice of Victory", Feb. 1987, p.9) 

"I say this with all respect so that it don't upset you too bad, but I say it anyway. When I read in the Bible where he [Jesus] says, 'I Am,' I just smile and say, 'Yes, I Am, too!'" (Kenneth Copeland, "Believer's Voice of Victory" broadcast on TBN, recorded 7/9/87) 

"God is the biggest failure in the Bible...the reason you've never thought that is because He never said He was one".(Kenneth Copeland, "Praise-a-thon", broadcast on TBN, recorded 1988) 

"God is a being that stands somewhere around 6'2, 6'3" (Kenneth Copeland, "Following the Faith of Abraham" tape # 01-3001) 

"Don't be disturbed when people accuse you of thinking you're God. The more you get to be like Me, the more they're going to think that way of you.
They crucified Me for claiming that I was God. But I didn't claim I was God; I just claimed I walked with Him and that He was in Me. Hallelujah.
That's what you're doing." (Kenneth Copeland, "Voice of Victory" Vol. 15, No. 2, 2/87) 

"It wasn't a physical death on the cross that paid the price for sin...anybody can do that." (Kenneth Copeland, What Satan Saw on the Day of Pentecost (Kenneth Copeland, Fort Worth: Messages by Kenneth Copeland, n.d., audiotape #BCC-19), side 1.) 

"You don't have a God in you; you are one," (Kenneth Copeland, The Force of Love (Fort Worth: Kenneth Copeland Ministries, 1987, audiotape #02-0028), side 1.) 

"I don't preach doctrine, I preach faith." (Kenneth Copeland, Following the Faith of Abraham I, side 2.) 

"I was shocked when I found out who the biggest failure in the Bible actually is. Everybody ask you ask "Who's the biggest failure?" They say "Judas", somebody else will say "No, I believe it was Adam", well how about the devil. He's the most consistent failure. But he's not the biggest in terms of material failure and so forth. The biggest one in all the Bible is God. What, what, what - don't you turn that set off - you listen to what. I
told you - now you sit still a minute. You know me well enough to know I
wouldn't, I wouldn't tell something I can't prove from the Bible." (Kenneth Copeland, "Praise-a-thon" program - TBN (April 1988) 

God draws no distinction between Himself and us. God opens up the union of the very godhead (Trinity), and brings us into it. (Paul Crouch, Praise-a-thon (TBN), November 1990) 

Paul Crouch will shoot heresy hunters (theology) if God doesn't (Praise-a-thon (Paul Crouch, TBN), 4/2/91) 

Heresy hunters (theology) are to go to Hell. (Paul Crouch, Praise-a-thon (TBN), 4/2/91) 

Paul Crouch said (on the TBN show "Praise The Lord" during their money-raising telethon) "if you have been healed or saved or blessed through TBN and have not contributed to (the) station, you are robbing God and will lose your reward in heaven." (Witnessed by Ed Tarkowski, e-mail Mon, 04 Aug 1997 20:34:13 -0600) 

Christ's physical death on the cross was not enough to save us. (Kenneth Hagin, How Jesus obtained His Name, Tape 44H01) 

The Christian "is as much an incarnation as was Jesus of Nazareth."
(Kenneth Hagin, "The Incarnation," THE WORD OF FAITH (Dec. 1980), 14.) 

"[Man] was created on terms of equality with God, and he could stand in God's presence without any consciousness of inferiority...God made us as much like Himself as possible...He made us the same class of being that He is Himself...Man lived in the realm of God. He lived on terms equal with God...[The] believer is called Christ...That's who we are; we're Christ"
(Kenneth Hagin, Zoe: The God-Kind of Life, 1989. pp. 35-36, 41) 

God has 9 parts (tri-theistic). A. God has a body, soul and spirit.
B. Jesus has a body, soul and spirit.
C. Holy Spirit has a body, soul and spirit. (Benny Hinn, Benny Hinn broadcast, recorded 10/13/90) 

Christians are little messiahs. Christians are little gods. (Benny Hinn, Praise-a-thon (TBN), recorded November 1990) 

Wants to use Holy Ghost machine gun to kill Heresy Hunters. (Benny Hinn, Praise-a-thon (TBN), 11/8/90) 

"What was the appearance of God the Father? Like that of a man...God has the likeness of fingers and hands and a face." (Good Morning Holy Spirit, (Benny Hinn, Word, 1991) p. 82) 

"Christians are "Little Messiah's and "little gods" on the earth. Thus [Encouraging the audience]...say "I am a God-man....This spirit-man within me is a God-man..." say "I'm born of heaven-a God-man. I'm a God man. I am a sample of Jesus. I'm a super being. Say it! Say it! Who's a super being?
"I walk in the realm of the supernatural." Say it!...You want to prosper?
Money will be falling on you from left, right and centre. God will begin to prosper you, for money always follows righteousness....Say after me, "everything I ever want is in me already." (Benny Hinn, TBN, 1990) 

"Are you ready for some real revelation knowledge....you are god" (Benny Hinn, "Our Position In Christ", tape # AO31190-1) 

"I'd rather be in a church where the devil and the flesh are manifesting than in a church where nothing is happening because people are too afraid to manifest anything... and if the devil manifests, don't worry about that, either. Rejoice, because at least something is happening." (Rodney Howard-Browne, The Coming Revival. 1991, p.6) 

Rodney Howard-Browne said "Stop praying now and let the joy bubble out your belly. Joy. Joy. Joy. Don't pray! Laugh!" (Holy Laughter, Albert James Dager, 1996) 

"'One night I was preaching on hell,' Howard-Browne says, 'and [laughter]
just hit the whole place. The more I told people what hell was like, the more they laughed'" (Rodney Howard-Browne, Charisma, August 1994, pg. 24).


(Rodney Howard-Browne) names numerous people, calling them "great men of God". Among them is William Branham - an anti-Trinitarian. ("The Coming Revival", written by Howard-Browne, page 13) 

Rodney Howard-Browne: "I'm telling your right now," he hissed, "you'll drop dead if you prohibit what God is doing!" Dramatically he gestured toward the crowd and warned them that those like me, who would dare to question that what he was doing was of God, had committed the unpardonable sin and would not be forgiven in this world or the next." (Rodeny Boward-Browne, Melodyland Christian Center, Anaheim, CA, 1/17/95 - Comment from Counterfeit Revival, Hank Hanegraaf, 1997, pg. 22) 

"I tell them never to preach salvation, because they're suggesting people get saved," he said. "I'll guarantee anybody, I'll give them a congregation of 1,000 people and tell them to get up and suggest all they want and see what will happen." One of the other pastors cut in on the interview to say he read the story of Ananias and Sapphira to his church the other night and everyone ended up on the floor laughing. "One night I was preaching on hell," Howard-Browne said, continuing, "and it just hit the whole place.
The more I told people what hell was like, the more they laughed, and when I gave an altar call, they came forward by the hundreds to get saved."

"Then," I replied, "as to what you're preaching on, it's almost irrelevant what you're saying." He nodded. (An Evening with Rodney Howard-Browne, Copyright 1995 by the Christian Research Institute, from the Newswatch column of the Christian Research Journal, Winter 1995, page 43) by Julia Duin.) 

John Kilpatrick said "Let (yourselves) go" ... "do not think about what you are doing" ... "just give yourselves completely to the `spirit'". (Revival ... or Satanic Counterfeit?, Jimmy Robbins, 1996) 

Wow!!!! Listen from the great swelling words of heresy coming from these false teachers' mouths.

Matt:12 35 A good man out of the good treasure of the heart bringeth forth good things: and an evil man out of the evil treasure bringeth forth evil things. 36 But I say unto you, That every idle word that men shall speak, they shall give account thereof in the day of judgment. 37 For by thy words thou shalt be justified, and by thy words thou shalt be condemned.

That is quite a list of quotes from the above false teachers. These men claim to know God, they claim to know the Bible but they are nothing more than deceivers. Wolves in sheep's clothing! They look good, sound good, have a charismatic personality but preach heresy from hell to thousands of gullible blind followers. I personally have shown several man-idol followers quotes from their leader and how that leader is a false teacher.
What I get in response is blind defense, personal attacks, and accusations that I'm unloving and judgmental. I'm told that I have the problem and not these false teachers. Like I said the followers of these man-idols are blind to sound doctrine. They only listen to their man-idol and want nothing to do with sound Biblical doctrine. They flip into an angry rage if their man-idol is questioned or his false doctrines are exposed by the Bible. What can I say... sad, sad, sad indeed. Hell will be full of such people who do not love God and who reject sound Biblical doctrine. Rather than following the Jesus of the Bible these blind followers will follow their man-idol right up to the very pits of hell....then jump in right after their man-idol.


On earth these men can teach their heresies and go unchecked. The wicked deceivers and false teachers will prosper in these last days. However when they stand before God this will not be the case. But God loves His people and has given clear warning about these wolves in the Bible. Here are some warnings from the Scriptures:

Eph:5 6 Let no man deceive you with vain words: for because of these things cometh the wrath of God upon the children of disobedience.

These false teachers have the wrath of God to look forward to! Their day of judgment is coming. God warns.. 'Let no man deceive you...'. Do not give any ground to these false teachers!

Col:2 4 And this I say, lest any man should beguile you with enticing words.

Another warning... do not let anyone beguile you with enticing, deceptive words.

1Tim:6 3 If any man teach otherwise, and consent not to wholesome words, even the words of our Lord Jesus Christ, and to the doctrine which is according to godliness; 4: He is proud, knowing nothing, but doting about questions and strifes of words, whereof cometh envy, strife, railings, evil surmisings, 5: Perverse disputings of men of corrupt minds, and destitute of the truth, supposing that gain is godliness: from such withdraw thyself.

These false teachers are proud. They love the spotlight and the attention as they get great crowds to listen to their heresies.

2Pet:2 1 But there were false prophets also among the people, even as there shall be false teachers among you, who privily shall bring in damnable heresies, even denying the Lord that bought them, and bring upon themselves swift destruction. 2 And many shall follow their pernicious ways; by reason of whom the way of truth shall be evil spoken of. 3 And through covetousness shall they with feigned words make merchandise of you: whose judgment now of a long time lingereth not, and their damnation slumbereth not.

Christians are warned that there will be false prophets and teachers among us. This means they will be in Church. They will look like Christians and they will 'sound' like Christians. Just look around and see their teachings and they are easily exposed. Be warned and stay away from these wolves.

2Pet:2 18 For when they speak great swelling words of vanity, they allure through the lusts of the flesh, through much wantonness, those that were clean escaped from them who live in error. 19 While they promise them liberty, they themselves are the servants of corruption: for of whom a man is overcome, of the same is he brought in bondage.

FALSE MOVEMENTS THAT LOOK REAL GOOD - Promise Keepers!

Are you in favor of the family? Good I hope you are because the family is breaking down and we must organize and do something to stop that from happening. We are organizing to help men to be better husbands and fathers.
Is there anything wrong with that says the Promise Keepers people? Well it sounds really good doesn't it? What this country needs is stronger families. People are fornicating and marrying and divorcing like rabbits.
Surely a major movement like the Promise Keepers is a good thing. Well if that is all Promise Keepers was about then there would be no problems.
However Promise Keepers is a very deceptive move of the devil that many within the Church have blindly accepted. You see the devil is using Promise Keepers in a mighty tide of ecumenical unity apart from doctrine. Men are considered 'Christian' from all kinds of faiths as long as they bring their money, gather in stadiums, sing and pray together. It makes no difference if that man attends a Catholic or a Mormon church. Both Catholicism and Mormonism preach a non-saving Gospel that is works based and is contrary to the Gospel of Jesus Christ as found in the Bible. We don't need to unite with false religions! We need to give them the Gospel and win them to Christ. However that is not the goal of Promise Keepers. Unity at expense of doctrine is the driving force. Catholics are heavily involved in Promise Keepers and there is even one on the board of directors.

After the rapture of the church the devil will bring about a one world government and a one world religion. We can see beginnings of that today.

The trend towards ecumenicism is part of the path toward a one world religion. The ultimate goal will be to completely throw out all doctrine and unite, unite, unite! Promise Keepers is doing that already and it is a movement that should be avoided by all men who love God. If men need prayer they have the local church. Most local churches I know of have a men's prayer meeting usually on Saturday mornings. There is no need to unite with false religions in some kind of man-made unity apart from doctrine. By attending functions and giving money to PK men are aiding the devil break down doctrine and assist in the godless ecumenical movement.

Another problem that comes to mind with PK is their practice of men getting another man to be accountable to. This other person then has the right to ask all kinds of personal questions with the goal of keeping you on the 'straight and narrow'. These questions can be about money, sex, marriage etc. Now let me ask a question to any married man reading this tract. Would you like your wife to join a religious woman's club similar to promise keepers? Then would you like to have your wife confide with another women personal things about her marriage concerning money, sex, relationships etc? I didn't think so!

This is not an extensive look at the demonic move of Promise Keepers. There are all kinds of good tracts going into far more detail and giving excellent reasons why a Christian should avoid this movement. But from the ecumenical, doctrineless trend of PK alone, anyone who loves God should stay clear from this movement. Here is what the Bible says about fellowshipping with the lost as 'brothers'... those who 'claim' to be 'Christians' but really are not:

2Cor:6 14 Be ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers: for what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness? and what communion hath light with darkness? 15 And what concord hath Christ with Belial? or what part hath he that believeth with an infidel?          16 And what agreement hath the temple of God with idols? for ye are the temple of the living God; as God hath said, I will dwell in them, and walk in them; and I will be their God, and they shall be my people.
17 Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing; and I will receive you, 18 And will be a Father unto you, and ye shall be my sons and daughters, saith the Lord Almighty.

One day the PK movement may die should the Lord tarry in His coming. But be assured if it does the devil will raise up another movement that looks very 'Christian'. Many blind followers will jump in with no concern for doctrinal issues and compromise. The Bible warns that in the last days deception will be so great.. that even the elect may be deceived. Well several of the elect have been deceived with the PK movement today. There will be other movements coming that are equally deceptive. Here is what the Bible says:

Matt:24 24 For there shall arise false Christs, and false prophets, and shall shew great signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect.

CONCLUSION 

So what is a person to do in these last days where deception abounds? Is a person to grab a religious idol-man and listen to every word he speaks as if it were God speaking? Should a person wander up to "Joel's bar" and take a big drink of the demonic spirit and laugh, convulse, and bark their way to bliss? Should a person deceive himself thinking he is serving God by joining a ministry where doctrine is ignored where people of various 'religions' meet together as 'brothers in Christ' under the bond of demonic unity? Or, should a person act as if he were warned about deceptions and walk carefully in these last days? Should that person be a Berean and test every movement and every doctrine with the Bible? Well I vote for being a Berean. The Bible is our guide and protection from all the deceptions of the devil. All teachers and all so-called movements of God must be carefully tested to see if it lines up with what the Bible already says.

Test all things, reject the evil and accept the good. Yes the Christian is to judge between right and wrong. Don't be like the devil's crowd that screams: "don't judge, That's unloving". Christians are commanded to judge between good and evil. By testing doctrines it is easy to spot a false teacher then a person knows to stay far away from that person and his 'ministry'

Deut 13:
1: If there arise among you a prophet, or a dreamer of dreams, and giveth thee a sign or a wonder, 2: And the sign or the wonder come to pass, whereof he spake unto thee, saying, Let us go after other gods, which thou hast not known, and let us serve them;           3: Thou shalt not hearken unto the words of that prophet, or that dreamer of dreams: for the Lord your God proveth you, to know whether ye love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul.

Perhaps you are being tested. Do you really love the Lord? If you do then if a false teacher or a demonically deceptive movement comes to town, will you accept it? It's sad but many professing Christians are accepting heresies and evil movements. By accepting heresies and by rejecting sound Biblical doctrine a person is showing that he does not really love God.

Here is what Christians should do for protection in these last days:

a) We are to test the spirits to see if they are from God or not. This means Christians are to JUDGE between true and false doctrine. A person MUST judge. Without judgment there can be no discernment. Without discernment there can be no protection. Only a fool blindly accepts teaching not caring if lines up with the Bible or not.

1Jn:4:

1: Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether they are of God: because many false prophets are gone out into the world.

1Thes:5:
21: Prove all things; hold fast that which is good.

b) We are to rebuke false teachers. See verse 13 below. They are to be rebuked sharply. It is very unloving to keep quiet and to defend false teachers.

Titus 1:
10: For there are many unruly and vain talkers and deceivers, specially they of the circumcision: 11: Whose mouths must be stopped, who subvert whole houses, teaching things which they ought not, for filthy lucre's sake. 12: One of themselves, even a prophet of their own, said, The Cretians are always liars, evil beasts, slow bellies. 13: This witness is true. Wherefore rebuke them sharply, that they may be sound in the faith;

Also notice verse 12 above. The false teachers are teaching and preaching their heresies and they are doing it for filthy lucre's sake. This means they are attracting a following and fleecing them for money which goes straight to their pockets. Today these slick false teachers offer: flasks of oil, prayer cloths, trinkets and other items for a FEE. By sending these wolves your money you are actually activating your 'seed faith' which will cause the windows of heaven to open and pour down a blessing so big you cannot contain (they say). The bigger the seed faith offering, the bigger the blessing from 'heaven'! Be a duped fool today and send in your money!
The false teacher will be very appreciative of your money as it goes straight to his bank account.

c) We are not to partake of the evil fruit of the false teachers. Again we are to reprove them. If a person is a false teacher then have nothing to do with him or his ministry. He is an agent of the devil and will certainly answer to God.

Eph:5:
11: And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove them.

d) Again withdraw your self from a false teacher 

2Thes:3:
6: Now we command you, brethren, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that ye withdraw yourselves from every brother that walketh disorderly, and not after the tradition which he received of us.

Ti:3:
10: A man that is an heretick after the first and second admonition reject;
11: Knowing that he that is such is subverted, and sinneth, being condemned of himself.

e) Mark these false teachers and avoid them 

Rom:16:
17: Now I beseech you, brethren, mark them which cause divisions and offences contrary to the doctrine which ye have learned; and avoid them.
18: For they that are such serve not our Lord Jesus Christ, but their own belly; and by good words and fair speeches deceive the hearts of the simple.

2Tm:3:
1: This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come. 2: For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, 3: Without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good, 4: Traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God; 5: Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: from such turn away.

God has clearly warned His people about the dangers of false teachers and false 'religious' movements that appear to be 'Christian'. Be a Berean and test all teachings with what God has already revealed in His Word, the Bible.
|==========================================
|
|   When The Rapture Is Not!
|      by Ken Onweller
|


Sometimes you make a little discovery that is so exciting you are just dying to share it with everyone else. This little article is the presentation of such a discovery.  But before I can relay that, I need to set a little background.

THE CHURCH 
"Surely you have heard about the administration of God's grace that was given to me for you, that is, the mystery made known to me by revelation, as I have already written briefly. In reading this, then, you will be able to understand my insight into the mystery of Christ, which was not made known to men in other generations as it has now been revealed by the Spirit to God's holy apostles and prophets" (Eph 3:2-5).

Paul makes it clear that he and the other apostles were treated to a special insight by revelation from God which simply is not contained in the Old Testament.

"This mystery is that through the gospel the Gentiles are heirs together with Israel, members together of one body, and sharers together in the promise in Christ Jesus" (Eph 3:6).

Ok, so now this special revelation is clarified as the Church. In other words, the Church (separate from Israel) is a new concept--not revealed in the Old Testament--but made known to the Apostles. Quite simply, this means that you will not find the Church mentioned in the Old Testament.

THE RAPTURE 
Listen, I tell you a mystery; we will not all sleep, but we will all be changed--in a flash, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trumpet. For the trumpet will sound, the dead will be raised imperishable, and we will be changed. (1 Cor 15:51-52) We have here the Rapture. And the word translated "mystery" is "musterion" in the Greek and means something revealed that was not previously known. In other words, the Rapture of the Church is another one of those things that was first made known exclusively to Paul. For this reason, you won't find the Rapture of the Church in the Old Testament either.

THE SEVENTH TRUMPET "But in the days when the seventh angel is about to sound his trumpet, the mystery of God will be accomplished, just as he announced to his servants the prophets" (Rev 10:7).

Ok, so the Rapture of the Church is at the last trumpet which coincides with the Seventh Trumpet of Revelation. We now have the timing of the Rapture, then, to be at the end of the Tribulation, right as Christ is coming as King of Kings and Lord of Lords. So sit tight and wait. You are going through the Tribulation--unless you die first. At least this is what Post-Trib proponents teach, assuming 1 Cor 15:51 and Rev 10:7 mean the same thing.

But notice the exact wording of Rev 10:7, "...just as he announced to his servants the prophets." This means Old Testament prophets! What have we learned earlier? The Rapture of the Church is not in the Old Testament. Can Rev 10:7 then be talking about the Rapture of the Church? No Way! The mystery of Rev 10:7 is something yet to be revealed, but it cannot be the Rapture of the Church.

HIS SERVANTS THE PROPHETS 
What about the "prophets" mentioned in Rev 10:7? Couldn't they refer to Old Testament prophets as well and therefore debunk this claim? Well, you must remember that both the identity and Rapture of the Christian Church were revealed to Paul first.

Notice the words of Peter in his first sermon given within minutes of receiving the Holy Spirit on the day of Pentecost:
"Whom the heaven must receive until the times of restitution of all things, which God hath spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets since the world began" (Acts 3:21).

Paul wasn't even converted yet so there is no way that Peter could be referring to the Rapture of the Christian Church. Instead, Peter is saying that at the Return of Christ everything predicted concerning Him in the Old Testament would be fulfilled.

Rev 10:7 is saying the exact same thing: at the Seventh Trumpet everything predicted in the Old Testament concerning the Return of Jesus Christ would be fulfilled.  This has nothing to do with the Rapture of the Christian Church.

CONCLUSION 
This information is very exciting and at least confirms something I have personally believed for a very long time: the Church is not going to go through the Tribulation. 

The Apostate church will definitely not be in the Rapture and therefore be forced to endure the Tribulation, but the TRUE Church of Jesus-loving, Jesus-obeying, and Bible- believing Christians will be yanked out of here in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye.


|==========================================
|
| The time is short, but the reward is forever!
|      by Ken Onweller
|


The time is short, but the reward is forever!

But mark this: there will be terrible times in the last days. People will be lovers of themselves... (2 Tim 3:1-2)

We have a situation today in which the dominant attitude will be one of selfishness. And this problem can affect you. The purpose of this article is to show you the way to overcome selfishness and to avoid becoming a victim of 
2 Timothy 3.
First off, how do you know if you are a victim of selfishness? James explains that conflict will be manifest where selfishness is.
What causes fights and quarrels among you? Don't they come from your desires that battle within you? You want something but don't get it. You kill and covet, but you cannot have what you want. You quarrel and fight. (James 4:1-2)

In the second chapter of Philippians, Paul systematically shows the process by which we can overcome this selfishness and thereby remove its detrimental affects from ourselves, our friends, and our families.
Do nothing out of selfish ambition or vain conceit... (Vs 3)
Sounds good so far, we are to avoid selfish and egotistical acts.
...but in humility consider others better than yourselves. 
(Vs 3)

Now we are getting somewhere, to crush the selfishness you must realize that you are no better than anyone else. But there is more.

Each of you should look not only to your own interests, but also to the interests of others. (Vs 4)
Here, it starts to get a little more instructive. Not only are we to see ourselves as no better than anyone else, we are also to put another's needs before our very own. If you have ever had to take care of a baby you will understand what this verse is talking about.  Your attitude should be the same as that of Christ Jesus: 

who, being in the very nature God, did not consider equality with God something to be grasped, but made himself nothing, taking the very nature of a servant, being made in human likeness. And being found in appearance as a man, he humbled himself and became obedient to death--even death on a cross! (Vss. 6-9)

So, we now have the example to follow. Jesus didn't consider himself any better than any of us: this is why he became flesh. He also put our needs and interests before his own by living out those 33+ years on this earth and dying on a cross. Remember, he didn't have to do any of this. But he did it for us and in so doing has demonstrated the epitome of what it means to NOT be selfish.
At this point you may be wondering: "But I've already been trying to put others before myself, I've been trying to not be selfish. But it doesn't work. I keep getting angry and blowing up because I hate being bothered. I can never get anything important done because there is always someone else wanting something..." These are all the typical responses of a selfish person. I know, because I've said similar things, myself.

...for it is God who works in you to will and to act according to his good purpose. (Vs. 13)

Remember that so far this section of scripture is talking about not being selfish. So, when you read this verse it could be re-worded as "God helps you to not be selfish and shows you how act in a non-selfish matter." It is one thing to not do selfish things, but it is far better to not even be a selfish person to begin with. When you were learning to drive you had to focus on every detail. Those first few trips were an agony because you couldn't screw up. In time you became a "driver" and no longer concern yourself with all of the details: it all comes naturally now.  How does God create in you the will to do and the ability to act with regards to not being selfish? By putting you into situations that DEMAND you NOT BE SELFISH! And what should our response, then, be to these situations?
Do everything without complaining or arguing, ... (Vs. 14)
Why?
...so that you may become blameless and pure, children of God without fault in a crooked and depraved generation, in which you shine like stars in the universe... (Vs. 15)  It may seem something like a magical formula, but in order to overcome selfishness, God has a course of action that he wants you to follow. This is demonstrated by these main points: 

1. Do nothing out of selfish ambition or vain conceit. 
2. Consider others better than yourself. 
3. Look out for the interests of others. 
4. Do not complain or argue about being self-less.

If you continue to go contrary to these four points, you will remain a victim of selfishness and the other miseries that spring from it. My brethren, stop resisting the good work that God is working in you. Simply realize that these circumstances are the very things that God is using to transform you from being a hateful and selfish person into one of his loving sons who always puts others first.

Ken Onweller
kender@ix.netcom.com


|==========================================
|
|    Second Coming Confusion
|        Contrasting the Rapture & the 2nd Coming
|            by Chad Rudolph 
|

Introduction  

Confused about Christ's Coming? There are many Second Coming Bible passages which are frequently mistaken for the Rapture. Some times they are even taught as if they were one and the same. Even more confusion exists regarding when the Rapture occurs in relation to the Tribulation. But the student of the Scriptures would do well to pay close attention to the contrasting traits and purposes of each event. 
 
"True wisdom is not manifested in trying to see resemblance's in things which differ, but in discerning the real difference among those which resemble one another." - Unknown (see: Rom. 2:18; Php. 1:10)  

This article is a study aid designed to be read in conjunction with the mentioned Bible references. These are the basic questions which will be answered by this article. 
 
-What is the Rapture, Tribulation and Second Coming? 
-Where do we find these concepts in the Bible? 
-What is the purpose of the Tribulation? 
-How do these three prophetic events relate to each other? 
-What resources are available for further study? 
 
The Rapture  
Is "rapture" in the Bible? Yes! The Latin derivative "rapture" is a synonym for the English "catch up" (2 Cor. 12:4; 1 Thes. 4:17). Both terms are translated from the original New Testament Greek verb "harpazo." All three terms are found in the Bible (which corresponds to their respective languages). 
 
1 Thessalonians 4:17-18 "Then we who are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air. And thus we shall always be with the Lord. Therefore comfort one another with these words." 
 
The Rapture will conclude this grace dispensation (Eph. 3:2) and precede the future 7 year Tribulation (2 Thes. 2). Although there was at least one Old Testament allusion/type/foreshadowing (Enoch raptured a period of 7 since Adam and a period of 7/one generation before the flood/judgement: 
Gen. 5:24; Mt. 24: 34; Heb. 11:5; Jude 1:14), the Rapture is only specifically referred to in the Pauline epistles. Why? Because the rapture was part of the secret mystery revealed through Paul for believers in the dispensation of grace (1 Cor. 15). The next prophesied event which concerns us is the Rapture. Christ's secret coming is imminent (1 Cor. 1:7; 16:22; 
Php. 3:20; 4:5; 1 Thes. 1:10; Tit. 2:13). We are not told to look for Antichrist or the "abomination of desolation", but for Christ's Rapture. 
The pretribulational approach is the only interpretation which takes the Bible literally and brings us His promised comfort. 
 
"About the Time of the End, a body of men will be raised up who will turn their attention to the Prophecies, and insist upon their literal interpretation, in the midst of much clamor and opposition" - Sir Isaac Newton (McClain, Alva. Daniel's Prophecy of the 70 Weeks. Pg. 2)  

Rapture Bible Verses  
Rom. 8: 19-25; 1 Cor. 1:7-8; 15:51-53; 16:22; 2 Cor. 12:4?; Gal. 5:5; Php. 
3:20-21; 4:5; Col. 3:4; 1 Thes. 1:10; 2:1, 3, 19; 3:13; 4:13-18; 5:9, 23; 2 Thes. 2:1, 3, 7; 1 Tim. 3:14-15?; 6:14; 2 Tim. 4:18; Titus 2:11-13; (NOT Rev. 3:10; 4:1!)  

Purpose of the Tribulation  
All believers are promised general tribulation (suffering) in this life (Rom. 5:3; 2 Cor. 12:10; Php. 1:29; 1 Thes. 3:3; 1 Pet. 1:7; 2:19; 4:12). 
However, believers in this dispensation are promised deliverance (Rom. 
5:9?; 1 Thes. 1:9-10; 5:9; 2 Thes. 2:3, 7) "from the wrath to come" (the 7 year Tribulation). 
 
1 Thessalonians 1:10 "...and to wait for His Son from heaven, whom He raised from the dead, even Jesus who delivers us from the wrath to come." 
 
To know whether we will participate in any part of the Tribulation, we need to know God's purpose for Daniel's 70th week of years. Who is the Tribulation for? "Jacob's (father of Israel) trouble" is stated only to be for Israel (Jer. 30:7; Dan. 9:20-25) and unbelievers (1 Thes. 1:8; 2:12), not us. We will be taken away before antichrist is revealed (2 Thes. 2:7). 

The reasons for the Tribulation are for God to exercise His wrath on the Christ rejecting world and to prepare the remnant of Israel (including Gentile proselytes) for it's promised King (my Lord Jesus Christ) and earthly kingdom (Deut. 4:29-30; Jer. 30:3-11; Zech. 12:10). 
 
Tribulation Scripture References  
Dan. 8:24-27; 12:1-2; Mt. 13:30-50; 24:15-31; 1 Thes. 1:9-10; 5:4-9; 2 Thes. 2:1-11; Rev. 4-18; 6:16-17; Jer. 30:7; Dan. 9:20-25; 1 Thes. 1:8; 
2:12; Deut. 4:29-30; Jer. 30:3-11; Zech. 12:10  

The Second Coming  
Remember that all the Bible is for us (Rom. 15:4; 1 Cor. 10:6; 2 Tim. 
3:16), but only the apostle Paul's letters are 100% applicable to us (Acts 9:15; 22:21; 26:17; Rom. 2:16; 11:13; 16:25; Gal. 2:8-9; Eph. 3:1, 8; Col. 
1:27; 1 Tim. 2:7, 2 Tim. 1:11; 2:8) in the dispensation of grace. All references to Christ's coming in the Jewish (non-Pauline) letters are referring to the Second Coming of Christ at the end of the future 7-year tribulation. There are also a few references to Christ's coming in judgment in the Thessalonian letters. 
 
Zechariah 14:3-4a "Then the LORD will go forth And fight against those nations, As He fights in the day of battle. And in that day [end of the Tribulation] His feet will stand on the Mount of Olives, Which faces Jerusalem on the east." 
 
There were also many Old Testament allusions (foreshadows, types, examples) to the Second Advent of the Lord Jesus Christ. 
 
-Noah (remnant of Israel) was saved through the flood (global judgment). 
-Lot (believing remnant) flees (to the hills) the destruction of Sodom (spiritual Jerusalem). 

-Parables of Jesus often have a first and Second Coming divided by a king in exile aspect . 

-Moses (foreshadow of the Prophet to come, Jesus), David and Joseph had a first (lowly) and second (kingly) coming divided by a period of exile (dispensation of grace, Eph. 3, Rom. 11). 

-The plagues and the exodus foreshadow in microcosm the world wide tribulation and deliverance of the remnant of Israel from Armageddon. 
 
Second Coming cross-references  
Deut. 30:3; 32:41-42; Dan. 2:44-45, 7:9-14; 12:1-3; Ez. 43:2-7; Zech. 
12:10; 14:1-15; 41:1-3 Mt. 13:14; 23:39; 24: 15-44, 48-51; 25:13, 31; 
26:64; Mk. 13:14-27; 14:62; Lk. 12:36-48; 17:24; 21:25-28; Jn. 14:1-3; Acts 1:9-11; 3:19-21; 15:14-17; 1 Thes. 5:3; 2 Thes. 1:6-10; 2:2, 8; Heb. 9:28; 
James 5:7-9; 1 Pet. 1:7, 13; 4:12-13; 5:4; 2 Pet. 3:1-14; 1 Jn. 2:28-3:2; 
Jude 14-15; Rev. 1:7-8; 19:11-20:6; 22:7, 12, 20; Rev. 1:10; 2:25; 3:10; 
4:1; 19:11-21; 22:20  

Differences  
The Second Coming (Revelation 19, Zechariah 14, Matthew 24, Daniel 7) is not the Rapture (1&2 Thessalonians, 1 Corinthians 15). The Rapture takes place before the 7 year Tribulation (wrath of God/Lamb, the day of the Lord, Jacob's trouble, Daniel's 70th week, the great day of His wrath, etc.). It is a secret coming in the air (not on the ground) for (not with) the believers of all nations. Jesus never touches the ground and the world does not see him. The resurrection of the rapture takes place during (not after) Christ's partial decent. 
 
The Second Coming is 180 degrees different. It occurs at the end of the 7-year Tribulation. The resurrection of tribulation saints takes place after (Rev. 19-20) Christ's complete decent of the Second Advent. The unbelievers are taken away (Mt. 13) as the Lord returns to the earth to save Israel (Rom. 11, Rev. 19). It is not a secret, for it is seen by the whole world (Mt. 24:30). Although there are a few similarities (clouds, Jesus, believers, coming) between the Rapture (secret, air, church, pre-trib., deliverance) and the Second Coming (public, ground, Israel, post-trib., vengeance), let us discern the differences. For this purpose, I highly recommend the resources below. 
 
Conclusion  

When reading writings on prophecy, it will serve you well to keep in mind that direct rapture passages only occur in the Pauline books of the Bible (Rom. - Phm.). All references to the coming of Christ in the non-Pauline books are referring to His second coming/advent to save Israel. Just as Moses was the primary revelator to Israel "under the law" program, so Paul is our apostle in "the dispensation of the grace of God" (Rom. 6:14; 11:13; 
2 Cor. 5:16; Gal. 2:8; 5:18; Eph. 3:2; 2 Tim. 3:8-10). Therefore it only makes sense that our apostle and not the 12 apostles of the law/kingdom program would receive and convey our "blessed hope" (the rapture/resurrection, Tit. 2:13). Hence we are "looking for the blessed hope and glorious appearing of our great God and Savior Jesus Christ" 
(Titus 2:13)! 
 
If you liked this article, please forward it to your friends and encourage them to subscribe to the "BibleLight Bulletin." 
 
Recommended Books  
-Dictionary of Premillennial Theology - Mal Couch -Planet Earth: The Final Chapter - Hal Lindsey -The Bible and Future Events - Leon J. Wood -The Study of the Types - Ada R. Habershon -The Triumph of His Grace: Preparing Ourselves for the Rapture - Paul M. 

Sadler -The Truth About The Rapture - Thomas Ice, Timothy Demy -Things That Differ: The Fundamentals of Dispensationalism - Cornelius R. 
Stam  

Links & Free Newsletters  
This condensed version of the full article was made for the PropheZine newsletter. The full version with links to related resources may be found on the BibleLight website (see link below). 
 
About the Author  

Chad Rudolph lives in Oregon with his wife and three children. As founder and editor of BibleLight Ministries, he holds degrees in Biblical studies, management and communication. Most of his adult life has been spent in volunteer ministry and in working in the health and education fields. His commission resides in 2 Corinthians 5:14-21. 
 
MARANATHA!!! (1 Cor. 16:22, Aramaic: "Our Lord, come")  
BibleLight Ministries <http://homepages.infoseek.com/~biblelight/index.html 
Posted 3/99. Updated 6/99. Copyright 1999 Chad Rudolph. All rights reserved. BibleLight is the trademark of Chad Rudolph. This article may be freely distributed with out charge in it's unaltered entirety for personal use. Publication by any means is prohibited with out the author's written permission <biblelightbulletin@email.com. NKJV Copyright 1982 Thomas Nelson Pub.


++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
     Prophezine Commentaries
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Terror by Night 
   The Crash of Flight 1420
      By Charles W. Colson 

"What evidence is there that Christianity is true?" That's the scoffing question Christians often encounter from unbelievers. But three weeks ago, 

We saw a demonstration of Christianity's truth and power that is hard to deny. A band of Christian choir members risk their lives during the American Airlines crash in Little Rock in order to save a planeload of strangers.

The story--hardly mentioned in the press--begins near midnight on June first in Little Rock, Arkansas. In the midst of a terrific thunderstorm, American Flight 1420, a twin-engine jet, skidded down the runway, struck a row of steel poles, and rolled into the Arkansas River where it burst into flames.

Inside the broken jet, panic and fire began streaking down the aisle. But amidst the panic were pockets of calm. On board the plane, you see, were some 25 members of the Ouachita Baptist University choir. They were returning from a two-week trip to Europe, where they had entertained Kosovo refugees in Austria. In the chaos that followed the crash, the singers went to work.

Barrett Barber, a 19-year-old minister's son, lifted passengers through a hole in the plane above an emergency exit that would not open. Choir member Luke Hollingsworth escaped from the tail section only to go back to help wounded passengers escape. On his own shoulders, the young man carried a woman with a broken pelvis across chest-deep water to safety.

Choir director Charles Fuller got his wife out, then went back into the burning plane to help rescue an 80-year-old man with a broken hip. He was later seen guiding other passengers out of the fuselage onto the wing of the plane.

The acts of heroism didn't end even after the young people had gotten survivors off the plane. Rain and huge balls of hail were pelting down on injured passengers lying on the ground. Choir members huddled over them, using their own bodies as human shields against the hail and rain. They even took off their shirts to form makeshift blankets for the injured. When a physician arrived at the crash site, he told reporters he was "amazed at the calmness and stoicism that I witnessed." Throughout the emergency, the young people exuded a sense of peace. Where did that calmness come from?

One of the singers said he found strength by repeating to himself the words of the Psalmist: "Thou shalt not be afraid [of] the terror by night." The heroism did not come without a price. Choir member James Harrison repeatedly ran back into the burning plane to pull passengers to safety. He was apparently overcome by smoke and collapsed. A few days ago, James's friends gathered at First Baptist Church of Royal, Arkansas, to bury him.

Charles Wright, the head of Ouachita's music program, quoted the words of James's Savior: "Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends."

We've all read reams of press coverage about the Little Rock crash and questions about what caused it in the first place. But in the great untold story is the answer to an even greater question: Is Christianity true?

Indeed it is, when a man will lay his life down for a stranger.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

   A New World Agenda
     - Canada's Role In Sustainable Development -
          by Carl Teichrib

     "United Nations reformer, Maurice Strong, once wrote, "The forces
     that are shaping our future are global in scale and systemic in
     nature." 1 Recently a task force chaired by Mr. Strong revealed
     that the post-cold war period has "become nothing less than a
     global experiment in international development." 2

Striving to make this "global experiment" a reality, Maurice Strong has recognized the unique position of his native country in the international arena. Only a few short months after the\
1992 Rio Earth Summit (UNCED), he announced to a group of
prominent Canadian political advisors that,

     Canada at this time is in a position to make a unique
     contribution to fulfilling the promises of Rio by
     committing itself to be a model of sustainable
     development...It offers the prospect of uniting
     Canadians behind a new vision of their own future and a
     new generation of leadership internationally. 3

     Unknown to the majority of Americans, Canada has positioned
     itself at the cutting edge of international
     environmental/political change. Although its population is one
     tenth of the US, its leadership role in the "global experiment"
     cannot be overstated. As Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chrtien
     once said,

     We are one world. We in Canada feel this deeply.
     Responsible international citizenship is one of our
     proudest shared values. And the place we exercise that
     responsible citizenship is in multilateral
     organizationsthe town hall meetings of the world
     community. 4

Consider these Canadian examples of "responsible international
citizenship."

     - Canada co-sponsored the 1972 United Nations
     Conference on the Human Environment (the first Earth
     Conference) held in Stockholm, Sweden.
     - The World Commission on Environment and Development
     (WCED), producer of the influential report Our Common
     Future, convened a special meeting in Ottawa, Ontario
     in 1986. At this WCED meeting, the idea of a "world
     conservation bank" was forwarded. Keep in mind that the
     WCED was the key organization promoting the term
     "sustainable development" in the late 1980's. Canadians
     Maurice Strong and Jim MacNeill served as commissioners
     to the WCED, with MacNeill acting as the Commission's
     Secretary-General.
     - Adopted in Montreal, Quebec, the Montreal Protocol on
     Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer formatted
     international rules to combat "global warming." The
     Montreal Protocol has since made an enormous impact on
     national and international climate policies, hitting
     both consumers and industries with new levels of
     bureaucratic red tape.
     - Canada co-sponsored the 1990 United Nations World
     Summit for Children, which spawned the Convention on
     the Rights of the Child, a set of parental behavioral
     laws that threaten families the world over.
     - Canada played an influential role at the 1992 Rio
     Earth Summit. This was evident at the highest level
     with Maurice Strong acting as the summit's
     Secretary-Gerneral.
     - Emerging from Rio was one of Canada's most far
     reaching initiatives, the creation of The Earth
     Council, which is headquartered in Costa Rica. Led by
     Mr. Strong, The Earth Council is now in the process of
     drafting and implementing the global Earth Charter
     &SHY; a new world-wide green constitution binding
     mankind to earth servitude. 5

In the words of Prime Minister Jean Chrtien, "Canada is in the forefront of efforts to ensure that the United Nations is prepared for the challenges of the future." 6 Indeed, his country's involvement in the international globalization process has been extremely systematic. 7 Besides being the planetary meeting ground and sponsor for major sustainable development events, Canada has furthered the path to globalism by contributing to the environmental "intelligentsia" &SHY; the thought process undergirding the movement. Consider the following quotes from a 1992 meeting of the Canadian Council for International Co-operation.

     We need a unified one world order to replace the
     collectivity of nation states at the international
     level. The Euro-American model which now dominates the
     world systematically disables people, destroys the
     earth and creates dependency on wage labour. 8

In this model, politics loses its left-versus-right conflict and moves instead towards a fundamental concern for the health of the ecosystem...Democracy is
replaced with "biocracy," where not people but life-sustaining systems are the central concern.  Democracy remains a need within this model, at both local and global levels, but as one part of the whole system. "Participation" becomes more than people's physical presence and deepens to contain a cultural and spiritual dimension...To implement these concepts, we start with bringing the community together and look at the land resources available. We decide how we want the
community to evolve and decide who has control of the resources. 9

Likewise, the following statement from the Canadian federal government to the United Nations contains a similar thread &SHY; a sustainable world order based on complete world management.

Canada believes the establishment of an international financial and economic system that is conducive to sustainable development must be a cornerstone of efforts to implement Agenda 21. Canada strongly supports efforts to reform international organizations to ensure effectiveness and efficiency in the promotion of global sustainable development. 10

     Paying For World Government

Recently, the Canadian federal government passed the acceptance of a new international tax on world monetary transactions. Known as the Tobin tax, the ensuing billions collected would be "a feasible part of a new world order and new world vision," as stated by Lorne Nystrom, member of the Canadian House of Commons.  11 Nystrom explained the purpose of the tax to the House, using the example of 1995 currency transactions and the amount that would have been raised based on that particular year,

     If there were a 0.1% Tobin tax on foreign currency
     transactions, that would raise, in 1995 dollars, $176
     billion U.S. That is a lot of money. A Tobin tax of
     0.003% would be enough money to fund United Nations
     peacekeeping around the worldOne of the consequences
     would be the establishment of a global village which
     would have a common good amongst the nations of the
     world. There would be a strengthening of international
     organizations. The United Nations would become a
     meaningful world government.  There could be permanent
     international peacekeeping forces. There are many
     things that could be done.  How would this be implemented?
     There are a number of ways of doing it. The
     International Monetary Fund could be reformed to do it
     or the World Bank could be reformed to do it. My
     preference would be a new international financial
     agency to administer the Tobin taxWho would collect the
     tax? National governments would collect the tax around
     the world. 12

This last April I had the opportunity to attend the World Federalist Association National Youth Conference, which was held in Washington DC. At this conference I had the occasion to speak with WFA Issues Director, Chuck Woolery, regarding the Canadian passed Tobin Tax. Visibly excited, Mr. Woolery explained how a short time after the Canadian Parliament passed the tax, the WFA brought a Canadian delegate to DC for the expressed purpose of giving guidance on how to pressure US policy makers to do the same. If the US government follows this lead, and it is already being pressured to do so, American tax dollars will go directly into UN coffers.

     Planning For A New World

Of all the Canadian provinces, Maurice Strong's home of Manitoba
has become one of the most persuasive in furthering sustainable
development principles and agendas. One of the most overt of
these initiatives took place in Winnipeg, Manitoba between
October 17-20, 1990. Hosted by the provincial government, the
World Environment Energy and Economic Conference (WEEEC), also
known as World '90, was attended by over 3000 delegates from
around the globe. As a joint venture between UNESCO and the
International Council of Associations for Science Education
 (ICASE), the WEEEC had for it's official theme "Sustainable
Development Strategies and the New World Order." 13

The introduction to the WEEEC's final report connected itself
with the World Commission on Environment and Development (WCED).
Speaking on the work of the WCED, the introduction revealed that,
"Emerging from the work of the commission was the revolutionary
concept of Sustainable Development Strategies as the New World
Agenda." 14 In extending this WCED link, the forward to the
report explained, "The World Environment Energy and Economic
Conference focused on recently introduced sustainable development
principles that will affect policies, plans and the direction of
programs in the coming years on a global scale." 15
Appropriately, the WEEEC final document was titled Sustainable
Development For A New World Agenda.

To ensure that global sustainable development initiatives achieve
fruition, the WEEEC recognized the importance of using public
education as an agent for world change. Dennis Chisman and Jack
Holbrook, members of the ICASE executive board, presented a
chapter in the World '90 report entitled "The Future Direction of
Sustainable Development in the Curriculum." In it they explained,
"The role of the teacher will inevitably have to change. They
will become more involved in facilitating changes of attitudes
and guiding students to gain values rather than merely teaching
factual knowledge." 16 Chisman and Holbrook further revealed,
"The overall strategy is to design courses so as to prepare for a
'sustainable development' literate society." 17

What would learning encompass in the academic world of Chisman
and Holbrook? Expanding on the concept of sustainable education,
the ICASE board members shared on the importance of global
"values" for education, including "population control and
support," "intercultural tolerance," "the transfer of appropriate
technology," and "environmental literacy." 18 All of these items
would eventually make their way into the Rio Earth Summit two
years later.



Creating A New World Police State

Disturbing as the WEEEC educational platform was, the most
insidious aspect of World '90 was the presentation on creating a
"Global Green Constitution." Presented by a Greengrass Institute
delegate, the theme of creating a world constitution based on
sustainable development principles was given an entire chapter in
the WEEEC final report. Spouted as being "a global perestroika,"
it was explained that this "revolutionary" global green political
machine would encompass a form of "human rights." 19

     Popular or not, green governments will oppose any
     culture if it proves to be prejudicial by means of
     gender, age, colour, race, religion, belief, sexual
     orientation, mental or physical condition, marital
     status, family composition, source of income, political
     belief, nationality, language preference or place of
     origin. 20

The concept of framing a global "green" constitution was directly
linked to national education contributions aimed at furthering
this new world agenda. As explained in the report, uncooperative
nations would not be tolerated,

     Each nation's degree of dedication to educating the
     people would be the first indication of green
     government. The education process would centre on the
     need for a Global Green Constitution...Eventually, a
     public referendum would be held in each nation state
     with the objective of obtaining a simple majority in
     favour of enshrining a Global Green Constitution. Those
     nation's governments where a majority have declared for
     a Global Green Constitution in a referendum vote would
     indicate that they are prepared to attend a Global
     Green Constitution Congress...Every nation's government
     would ultimately be a signator to the Global Green
     Constitution. Obligation to do so would come from grass
     roots pressure within democratic societies. Less
     democratic nations or dictatorships would be brought on
     side through sanctions. 21

Specifying more drastic measures yet, World '90 literally called
for a global police state to ensure the complete success of the
"New World Agenda,"

     The issues are not about if a global politics is
     necessary. The question is how do we achieve binding
     agreements in Law complete with effective programs for
     applying sanctions against non-compliance that would
     oblige each nation, regardless of size, to abide by a
     set of principles that are required to guarantee the
     survival of life on this earth. Perhaps we will find
     that there is no other alternative to a system of rigid
     controls that some would equate to a police state.
     Unfortunately, in order to save the planet from
     biocide, there have to be very powerful constraints
     from doing the 'wrong' things. The constraints must
     transcend national boundaries, be world-around and
     enforceable. There would be a need for an agency for
     preventing eco-vandals from acting unilaterally.
     Enforcement agencies would need the power to act
     without being invited by the offending nation.
     Therefore, there needs to be an agency that is
     acceptable to all nation states on the planet. We can
     probably accept the fact that there will always be one
     or more nations that will not go along but there must
     be effective sanctions in place. If sanctions do not
     work, then physical occupation and the installation of
     a World Trusteeship would be imposed upon the offending
     nations. 22

     Who Rules Who?

Recently I received an e-mail concerning Canada's role in the push for world government. At its core, the message spoke of America's need to look towards Canada in order to understand the forces pressuring US global integration. As a Canadian, I recognize the truth of that statement, and find it deeply troubling to watch as my country carries the banner of the "New World Agenda" into the next century.

America needs to look beyond its own borders to understand what is happening within its borders. The largest trading partner the US has is Canada. With that in mind, it should have concerned everyone in both countries when Prime Minister Jean Chrtien explained that the United Nations is "the centre piece of Canadian foreign policy." 23 This foreign policy, this promotion of "global order," is taking North America down the fast track to international socialism. Hidden under the guise of sustainable development, our two nations are trading our freedoms for a draconian world agenda.

     What will it take to wake us up?

Carl Teichrib is a Canadian researcher on issues pertaining to globalization. He is a regular contributor to author Gary Kah's international newsletter. A substantial amount of Teichrib's research is presented in Gary Kah's book The New World Religion, which deals extensively with globalization as it relates to environmentalism, education, and the spiritual roots and current religious developments of the emerging world government. The New World Religion (1999) contains 330 pages of up-to-date information, including over 50 exhibits and 350 footnotes. To obtain a copy of this must read book, call 1-317-290-4673.

Endnotes

1. Maurice F. Strong, "Preface," International Development Research and Policy Task Force, Connecting With The World: Priorities for Canadian Internationalism in the 21st Century (Winnipeg, MB: International Institute for Sustainable Development, in conjunction with the International Development Research Centre and the North-South Institute, November 1996), p.vi.

2. International Development Research and Policy Task Force, Connecting With The World, p.15.

3. Maurice Strong, Beyond Rio: A New Role For Canada (External Affairs and International Trade Canada, November 10, 1992), p.20.

4. Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chrtien, Opening Statement by Jean Chrtien to the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting, (Speech at Auckland, New Zealand, November 10, 1995) 
5. International Development Research and Policy Task Force, Connecting With The World, p.39.

6. Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chrtien, Inauguration Diner for the Lester B. Pearson Chair of International Relations, (Speech at Oxford University, February 22, 1996).

7. These points were taken from Carl Teichrib's detailed report, Charting The Sustainable Society: Agendas for Creating a New Global Future, a soon to be released comprehensive timeline on global sustainable development agendas. To find out more about this report, contact Carl Teichrib at P.O. Box 899, Noblesville, IN 46061-0899 or Box 414, Gladstone, MB Canada R0J-0T0.

8. James Robertson, "Toward a New Economic Paradigm," Canadian Council for International Co-operation, Sustainability: From Vision to Reality (Ottawa, ON: Canadian Council for International Co-operation, February 1992), pp. 5-6. This CCIC program was funded through two Canadian federal bodies, the Canadian International Development Agency and the International Development Research Centre.

9. Maximo Kalaw, "A Community-based Model of Sustainable Development," Canadian Council for International Co-operation, Sustainability: FromVision to Reality, p. 8.

10. Government of Canada, Report of Canada to the United Nations Commission on Sustainable Development (Ottawa, ON: Government of Canada, 1996), p. 25.

11. Hon. Lorne Nystrom, "Tax on Financial Transactions," (Private Members' Business) Edited Hansard - Number 144, Wednesday, October 28, 1998, Canadian Federal Government House of Commons, p. 1735.

12. Ibid., p. 1745.

13. Colin N. Power (UNESCO Assistant Director-General for Education), "Preface," John E. Penick and John R. Stiles (editors), Sustainable Development For A New World Agenda (A STAM/CASE/ICASE Publication, Proceedings of the World Environment Energy and Economic Conference, Winnipeg, Manitoba, October 17-20, 1990) ISBN 962-7532-01-3. 

14. Robert Lepischak, "Introduction: Sustainable Development Strategies...The New World Agenda," Sustainable Development For A New World Agenda, p. viii.

15. Evhan Uzwyshyn, "Forward: Principles of Sustainable Development," Sustainable Development For A New World Agenda, p. v.

16. Dennis Chisman and Jack Holbrook, "The Future Direction of Sustainable Development in the Curriculum," Sustainable Development For A New World Agenda, p. 237.

17. Ibid., p. 234.

18. Ibid., p. 235.

19. Jim Bohlen, "Towards A Global Green Constitution," Sustainable Development For A New World Agenda, p. 10.

20. Ibid., p. 11.

21. Ibid., p. 16.

22. Ibid., p. 15.

23. Prime Minister Jean Chrtien, National Forum on Canada's International Relations (Speech in Toronto, ON, September 11, 1995)


********************
********************
Bible Study
********************
********************
The Latter Times
      By Terry Denbow

1Timothy 4:1

"But the Spirit explicitly says that in latter times some will fall away from the faith, paying attention to deceitful spirits and doctrines of demons,"  

The Holy Spirit explicitly says....
The Holy Spirit can speak to us and has inspired men to write the Bible.  

"But know this first of all, that no prophecy of Scripture is a matter of one's own interpretation, for no prophecy was ever made by an act of human will, but men moved by the Holy Spirit spoke from God."  2 Peter 1:20&21

The Holy Spirit of God has the unique ability to speak to men and women who know Jesus.  He uses the word of God to reveal to us the things He wants us to know.  

"But when He the Spirit of truth, comes, He will guide you into all truth; for He will not speak on His own initiative, but whatever He hears, he will speak; and He will disclose to you what is to come."  John 16:13

Those of us who have received the Holy Spirit of God can now understand things from a spiritual perspective.  We only need to be listening with spiritual ears.

"For to us God revealed them through the Spirit, for the Spirit searches all things, even the depths of God."
"Now we have received, not the spirit of the world, but the Spirit who is from God, so that we may know the things freely given to us by God.
Which things we also speak, not in words taught by human wisdom, but in those taught by the Spirit, combining spiritual thoughts with spiritual words."
1 Corin. 2:10,12,13

Now that we've established that the Holy Spirit speaks to us, what does He want to tell us?  

Later times....
The later times refer to a period before Jesus comes back to judge the whole earth.  He tells of the sinful condition of men's hearts and rebelliousness against God.  See if you recognize anything familiar.

"But realize this, that in the last days difficult times will come.  For men will be lovers of self, lovers of money, boastful, arrogant, revilers, disobedient to parents, ungrateful, unholy, unloving, irreconcilable, malicious gossips, without self-control, brutal, haters of good, treacherous, reckless, conceited, lovers of pleasure rather than lovers of God, holding to a form of godliness, although they have denied its power; Avoid such men as these."  2 Timothy 3:1-5

"Know this first of all, that in the last days mockers will come with their mocking, following after their own lusts and saying, 'Where is the promise of His coming?  For ever since the fathers fell asleep, all continues just as it was from the beginning of creation."  2 Peter  3:3&4

"that they were saying to you, 'In the last time there will be mockers, following after their own ungodly lusts.'  These are the ones who cause divisions, worldly-minded, devoid of the Spirit."
Jude 18&19
   
What seems to be the common theme here?  Mocking, rebellion, lusts; which all originate from pride.  

"...fall away from the faith"

"Let no one in any way deceive you, for it will not come (referring to the rapture) unless the apostasy comes first,..."  2 Thess. 2:3

Apostasy means renunciation or abandonment of a former loyalty.  In Unger's Bible handbook it says, referring to 2 Thess. 2:3, "Before the Day of the Lord bursts on a Christ-rejecting world there must first come the apostasy or falling away.  This is not simply the departure from the faith often characterizing the church age, but wholesale rebellion and thoroughgoing lapse into error and demonism."
Ryrie says this, "the apostasy is an aggressive and climactic revolt against God that will prepare the way for the appearance of the man of sin."

There is no doubt of the evidence of such a time presently occurring.  Why overstate the obvious?  The question is, how much longer will God be patient before time has expired?  Since we don't know when, are we conducting ourselves as if it could be anytime?  May it be rapture or death, none of us know the exact appointed time when we Jesus will return for us.  The point is are we watching?  Are we ready?

"Therefore be on the alert, for you do not know which day your Lord is coming.  But be sure of this that if the head of the house had known at what time of the night the thief was coming, he would have been on the alert and would not have allowed his house to be broken into.  For this reason you also must be ready; for the Son of Man is coming at an hour when you do not think He will."                Matt. 24:42-44

"...paying attention to deceitful spirits and doctrines of demons."

"For our struggle is not against flesh and blood, but against the rulers, against the powers, against the world forces of this darkness, against spiritual forces of wickedness in the heavenly
places."  Eph. 6:12

Deceive-to cause to believe an untruth.  Syn. Beguile, betray, delude, mislead.

Deceit-trick Syn. Dissimulation (to hide under false appearance), duplicity (the disguising of true intentions by deceptive words or actions), guile (deceitful cunning).

Deceitful spirits have no other purpose but to try to convince you of falsehood masquerading as truth.  They're good at it too.  They've had lots of practice and experience.  For those not rooted and grounded in the truth of God's word it will be difficult to tell the difference between truth and deception.  They will be easily swayed because it is a convincing act.  It looks real, sounds real, feels real.  Only someone who knows the Real will be able to tell the Genuine from the counterfeit.

"...doctrines of demons."

"Do not be carried away by varied and strange teachings; for it is good for the heart to be strengthened by grace..."      Heb. 13:9

"Now I urge you, brethren, keep your eye on those who cause dissentions and hindrances contrary to the teaching which you learned, and turn away from them.  For such men are slaves, not of our Lord Christ but of their own appetites; and by their smooth and flattering speech they deceive the hearts of the unsuspecting.  For the report of your obedience has reached to all; therefore I am rejoicing over you, but I want you to be wise in what is good and innocent in what is evil.  The God of peace will soon crush Satan under your feet."    Ro. 16:17-20

"For there are many rebellious men, empty talkers and deceivers, especially those among the circumcision,"           Titus 1:10

"For many deceivers have gone out into the world, those who do not acknowledge, Jesus Christ as coming in the flesh.  This is the deceiver and the antichrist."  2 John 7

Having knowledge of this information means nothing if you don't do something about it.  Forewarned is forearmed, but forearmed for what; for battle.  Now here's the battle plan.

"Therefore as you have received Christ Jesus the Lord so walk in Him, having been firmly rooted and now being built up in Him and established in your faith, just as you were instructed, and overflowing with gratitude.  See to it that no one takes you captive through philosophy and empty deception, according to the tradition of men, according to the elementary principles of the world, rather than according to Christ."                  Col. 2:6-8

Be "firmly rooted" in the practice of God's word.  Be "built up" by continuing to be consistent even when it's hard.  You will get stronger if you continue and depend on God's strength.  Continue in prayer, love, study, knowing more of Him, trust, faith, fellowship and encouragement.  Be "established" in your faith, which means to institute permanently.  Where you're not wavering back and forth, but are being steadfast.  "As you were instructed" being humble and teachable walk in obedience."Overflowing with gratitude" continually giving thanks and not complaining.

In these things you will know the truth and will not continue to be deceived.

"And He gave some as apostles, and some as prophets, and some as evangelists, and some as pastors and teachers, for the equipping of the saints for the work of service, to the building up of the body of Christ; until we all attain to the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God, to a mature man, to the measure of the stature which belongs to the fullness of Christ.  

As a result, we are no longer to be children, tossed here and there by waves and carried about by every wind of doctrine, by the trickery of men, by craftiness in deceitful scheming; but speaking the truth in love, we are to grow up in all aspects into Him who is the head even Christ.
Eph. 5:11-15

Doctrines of demons seem harmless and will easily infiltrate a lazy or prideful heart.  We must not grow weary or try to do it alone.  We must not give in to our flesh or compromise with the world but continually ask God to fill us; giving in to Him, asking for the grace to keep going forward by standing firm in Him.  Lies are exposed when truth is revealed and truth is in God's word, the Bible.  

The days are wicked and will continue to get more perverse.   Make a stand for truth, make a stand for holiness through the power that only Christ can give.  To Him be the glory and the honor and the power forever.  Amen. 

Biblebabe@eee.org
********************
********************
   Poems...etc.
********************
********************

(A little "Funny HA HA" to brighten your day...This is a true story!)

A priest was walking along the corridor of the parochial school near the preschool wing when a group of little ones were trotting by on the way to the cafeteria. One little lad of about three or four stopped and looked at him in his clerical clothes and asked, "Why do you dress funny?" 

He told the child that he was a priest and this is the uniform priests wear. Then the boy pointed to the priest's collar tab and asked, "Do you have an owie?" The priest was perplexed till he realized that to him the collar tab looked like a band aid. 

So the priest took the collar tab out and handed it to the boy to show him. 

On the back of the tab are letters giving the name of the manufacturer. The little guy felt the letters, and the priest asked, "Do you know what those words say?" 

"Yes, I do," said the lad who was not old enough to read. 

Peering intently at the letters he said, "Kills ticks and fleas up to six months!" 

********************

Two hearts beat within this chest. 
One is evil; the other blessed. 
The one I love; The other I hate. 
The one I feed will dominate. 
 
Robert Louis Stevenson

