PropheZine # 50

Hello everyone,

I would like to take this chance to say hi to all of you and to thank you for being so patient with us here at PropheZine. I also want to thank our Father for allowing this ministry to continue for as long as it has. This is issue # 50 and I am so pleased that we at PropheZine are allowed to really apply Matt 28:19 via the internet.

19 Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost:
(Matthew 28:19, 5. KJV).

Now some items that I would like to discuss with you all. I want to hold PropheZine Prophecy Conferences all over the US and possibly even South Africa. I have speakers such as Chuck Missler, Gary Kah, Scott Pearson,
John Kinsella, Terry Cook, etc., willing to speak. I have the cities where I would love to have them take place. What I do not have are the churches willing to help me host. So what PropheZine is looking at doing is holding the conferences in Hotels. Problem with this, it costs money to do this.
All of us at PropheZine Vollenteers our time and effort to bring you all that we do. So needless to say, there are many things we want to do, but no cash.

How have we raised money so far?

If you have noticed we have an Amazon Bookstore on the PZ www site. Every sale that comes from the PZ www site, we get a cut. We have made to date aprox.. $5.00.

We have just made available the PropheZine Conference Tapes from the Alta Loma Conference Sept. 97. To date, we have only sold $17.00 worth.(just got this today)

$22.00...not much to take the Gospel to all nations. So, what I (Ray Gano)
would like to know is...

1. Would you be willing to purchase PropheZine on a yearly basis? Basically a yearly subscription at the price of $15.00 - $20.00 a year range? We currently have close to 3000 readers now and that could really help us taking PZ out to the world.

2. Be willing to be a sponsor via banner adds, etc..?

3. Purchase items from PropheZine, such as the 2 limited offers that we have going right now. Kim Young's book and JVI's video?

4. Actually sponsor a speaker. For example, you will pay for all Gary Kah's expenses and his honorarium (if any) at a given conference? Or be willing to partner with PropheZine to rent a Hotel. In exchange advertising will be given to you or your company and you would get tapes and books in return.

NOTE: Because of all the government regulations regarding non-profit groups and the new lobby laws, PropheZine is a "FOR PROFIT BUSINESS." We have found that by forming in this manner, the "government" will have less say in what we wish to publish and we will not have to deal with "church/State"
issue.

I am interested in hearing what you, the PZ reader can do to help, and any ideas that you might have.

The year 2000 is coming and so many people have questions regarding Bible Prophecy. I would like PropheZine to be the light in the darkness to these people. With your help, we can attempt this.

This years motto at PropheZine will be...

       "Expect great things from God 
               Attempt great things for God."

Please email me your comments and opinions at ray@prophezine.com 
In His service,
Ray Gano Publisher PropheZine 
***************************

PropheZine # 50
November 15,1997
Ray Gano Sr. Editor Kim Koster Asst. Editor 
Kim Koster.................Welcome to PropheZine 
ARTICLES 
Kim Koster.................Unattached Children and Our Future Tori DeAnglis..............When Children Don't bond with Parents Melissa Charbonneau CBN....Broken Families and Abused Children The Phyllis Schlafly Report Global goals of the Clinton Administration Pres.George Washington.....Thanksgiving Day Proclamation Rexella Van Impe...........Glory to God in the Highest 
PROPHEZINE NEWSBYTES 
Jack Van Impe..............Climate in Chaos Jack Van Impe..............Millennium Watch Bible Prophecy Newsletter..Hand Held Neutron Bomb London Sunday Times........The Race for Final Settlement Lee Underwood .............F.Y.I. - Israel in the News 
BIBLE BASICS 
Ron Wallace......Faith Rest Part 2

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ray Gano.................PropheZine Conference Tapes are Here!


*******************************

Welcome all,

I want to welcome everyone to PropheZine Newsletter # 50. This is the Thanksgiving Issue but I must warn you that some of the subject matter in the first three articles is very disturbing to read. I have included an article I wrote for this issue. It deals with the children who around the world are growing up without a conscience and the possible out come in our future. I have included two more articles to help explain this epidemic we are having. There is the proclamation from George Washington that shows are country was founded under God.  Rexella Van Impe's article gives us some things to think about in the coming Holidays.

I would like to take a moment to let you know what I am thankful for this season. The foremost thing I am thankful for is My Lord giving his Life for me so that I would be saved. Second I am thankful for my family, for without my loving Husband my life would not be complete. I am also thankful for my children I can't imagine a day without them. I am thankful for being able to spread God's word thru PropheZine and for Ray being so understanding when lifes difficulties pile up.on me. I am also thankful for finding Mimi Nila I can sure use the help!

Welcome aboard Mimi!

I hope everyone has a Happy Thanksgiving.

Kim Koster Asst. Editor PropheZine email: KKOSTER@DATAWISE.NET 
**********************************


Unattached Children and Our Future By Kim Koster 
Have you ever wondered how our world might get so bad that people would willing follow one man who claims himself God, who condones and encourages the killing of people because they refuse to follow him, because they refuse to take his mark? We hear people today in the present time being persecuted for their faith and murdered for refusing to follow a Governments rules. But still through out the world there are caring people who are Christian and Non-Christian who could never follow along with this practice. So what is changing that is bring this reality closer by the day?
The answer lays with our children. There is an epidemic of children who are at risk of becoming unattached children.

What is Attachment?

Before a baby is born it starts to build an attachment to it's mother. She talks to it, sings, and takes care of herself. The baby can feel this love and nurturing. What about the baby who's mother is drinking, doing drugs,
or feels hostile to her unborn child? Do these feelings make it feel insecure, unloved? The drugs and alcohol hurt the baby, mentally and physically, nutrition is not a big concern to the mother. So the potential for trouble is started before the child is even born.

After the baby is born the attachment process continues, the infant learns that when he is uncomfortable, hungry, or cold that if he cries his mother comforts him. He learns that when he coos and babbles someone notices him and responds back. He feels nurtured and loved by his parents touch and cuddling. He learns to trust, that someone will take care of him. What about the parents who are neglectful? The ones who yell at the baby for crying because his diaper is soiled or he has colic. The parents who leave soured bottles instead of getting fresh ones. Teens are having babies and don't know how to properly take care of them, often becoming depressed and angry at the normal demands an infant makes, there by the infant feels hostility instead of nurturing from the mother.  Then their are the infants and children who are being subjected to horrible abuse such as sexual abuse, physical abuse, verbal abuse, and ritual abuse. All these children know are pain and fear. They learn that these things are "normal" and rebel against the normal society. They are afraid to form any kind of attachment to anyone, they believe the only person who won't hurt them is themselves.

Some children from loving homes are at risk of becoming unattached. If an infant is sick and in pain it may not be possible for his parents to take that pain away. Babies born premature who have to spend months in the hospital with minimal comforting touch can become unattached. Women by choice or by circumstances are returning to work just weeks after their babies are born, interrupting the critical bonding process. Ideally they are placed with a loving nurturing person who can meet all the child's needs, but often they are placed in daycare that is overcrowded were only the minimum needs are meet. Infants in other countries who are in orphanages were they are handled only to change them are prime examples of an unattached infant. They lack eye contact, they don't coo and smile, they shrink away from human touch, they bang there heads on their cribs, the list of problems with these children are long. Children are also at risk when their worlds are torn apart by divorce. The child who could always depend on his parents to be there for him is now insecure and confused. The child is subjected to visitation with his parents. His mother may now have to find a job and is not there to comfort and help him like before.

It was not that long ago when things were different. Families stayed together for the most part, abortion was illegal so if a woman got pregnant the family helped her or the child was adopted by a loving couple. Women stayed home and raised their children. Most families attended church and the children learned the morals God set forth. Sure there were dysfunctional families but they did not take up a major portion of the world population as it does now. After the make love not war era and after abortion was legalized our world went down hill fast. Our daily news is filled with stories of children killing children, children killing adults,
in fact these days children are committing the same crimes as adults and these children feel no remorse, no guilt, they are proud of the crimes they commit. Teens are getting more involved with the occult, they think death is cool. These are unattached children. They are out to do what they want and don't care who gets in the way. They can act sweet and trusting if there is something in it for them, they manipulate society. We have adults making films portraying that you should do what ever it takes to get what you want. They see our national leaders being accused of lies and infidelity, yet we continue to elect them to office.

Our world has already seen an increase in adults who are unattached. The majority of Serial killers were at one time unattached children. They are usually charming and able to manipulate others to meet their needs, they are able to kill and not feel any remorse about it, they see others around them as objects and targets. Unattached men, women, and children can lie,
steal, and cheat without concern about the consequences on others. They have no conscience and they feel no remorse for their actions. They always have a angry rage just below the surface that they try to keep hidden, but Lord help  the person who happens to be there when the rage is let loose.
Our daily news is filled with reports of victims who die at the hands of these unattached people. There are stories of children killing children,
children killing adults, in fact these days children are committing the same crimes as adults and these children feel no remorse, no guilt, they are proud of the crimes they commit. Teens are getting more involved with the occult, they think death is cool. They are getting more involved with satanic music, Satanism gives them the excuse to do the evil horrible things they want to do.

Here are some of the main symptoms of an unattached child. Keep in mind that a child must have most or all of these to be considered unattached.

1. The child acts cute or charms others to get them to do what he/or she wants.
2. The child has trouble making eye contact when adults want the child to.
3. The child is overly friendly with strangers.
4. The child pushes you away or becomes stiff when you try to hug them,
unless they want something from you.
5. The child argues for long periods of time, often over ridiculous things.
6. The child has a tremendous need to have control over everything,
becoming very upset if things don't go their way.
7. The child acts amazingly innocent, or pretends that things aren't that bad when they are caught doing something wrong.
8. The child does dangerous things, ignoring how they maybe hurt while doing them.
9. The child deliberately breaks or ruins things.
10. The child does not feel age appropriate guilt for their actions.
11. The child teases, hurts, or is cruel to other children.
12. The child seems unable to stop themselves from doing things on impulse.
13. The child steals, or shows up with things that belong to others with unusual reasons on how they got it.
14. The child demands things, instead of asking for them.
15. The child does not seem to learn from their mistakes and misbehavior.
16. The child tries to get sympathy from others by telling them that you abuse, don't feed, or provide them with the necessities of life.
17. The child "shakes off pain when they are hurt, refusing to be comforted.
18. The child likes to sneak things without permission, even though they could have had the item if they asked.
19. The child lies, often about obvious or ridiculous things.
20. The child is very bossy to other children and adults.
21. The child hoards or sneaks food, or has unusual eating habits (eating paper, dirt,ect....)
22. The child can't keep friends for more than a week'
23. The child throws temper-tantrums that last for hours.
24. The child chatters non-stop, asks repeated questions about things that make no sense .
25. The child is accident prone, or complains about every ache and pain.
26. The child teases, hurts, or is cruel to animals.
27. The child does not do as well in school as they could if they put in a little effort.
28. The child has set fires or is preoccupied with fire.
29. The child prefers to watch violent cartoons and/or TV shows and horror movies(regardless if you allow it or not)
30. The child was abused/neglected during his first year of life or had several changes of his primary caretaker.

You may have a hard time believing that a small child is capable of this type behavior, but I personally have experience with it. See my 3 children are adopted and they were subjected to severe sexual, physical, and ritualistic abuse. All three suffer all the above symptoms. My 8 year old daughter was 6 when she came to live with us and she has the most severe attachment problems. Her brother was 11 when they moved in and has a milder form, our oldest was 11
when we adopted him, he is now 14 years old and has worked hard at trying to bond to us. The birthparents came from backgrounds of abuse and divorce.
They had no ill feelings for the horrible things they did to their children. It is now our job to teach them that what happened was wrong and that we love them no matter what was done to them and no matter what they do. They are very beautiful children and unfortunately they would rather do something that they know will get them in trouble then let us hold them and love them. They will do what ever they think will put distance between us so they don't have to get close. Here is an example I praise my daughter for something she has done well and tell her I love her and she goes 10
minutes later and urinates down the furnace register! When asked why she did it she gives a smirky grin and says because I wanted to. She trys to provoke us to anger hoping we will hit her. She will throw herself around her room saying she is listening to the devil, all the time grinning call us foul evil names. She can turn around act sweet and loving, calls us momma and daddy, she helps out around the house.
Everything she does is to have control. When she is forced to follow the wills of others she treatens to kill you, throws major temper tantrums and has to be held till she gives in. At school she refuse to do her work and when the teacher trys to make her she will fall on the floor and scream or runs around the room all time grinning. We have tried all types of disciple and nothing works. My kids do not learn from their mistakes. They lie constantly and are always trying to set each other up to get in trouble and make themselves look good. If anyone was to meet them and you told them these things, they would not believe you. These children are charming,
sweet and manipulative to people they know they don't have to form an attachment to.

Saddam Hussein is a prime example of an adult who grew up unattached. He defies the rules of the U.N knowing that if he does not comply that at some point the U.N will retaliate and many of his people maybe killed. He does not care about his country or people, all he cares about is that right now he has control. He knows he can't win, but it does not matter it is all a game to him. All unattached children play these games with people so that they have control. Its the same with People who have no conscience and murder. They do it for the thrill of being in control of someone else. They can get the rage that is hidden inside of them, out on their helpless victims. Children in gangs play their deadly games, knowing they will probably die but to them they would rather die controlling others then having a close relationship with someone.

Micah 7:1-7 Woe is me! For I am like those who gather summer grapes; Like those who glean vintage grapes; There is no cluster to eat Of the first-ripe fruit which my soul desires. 2) The faithful man has perished from the earth, And there is no one upright among men. They all lie in wait for blood; Every man hunts his brother with a net. 3)That they may successfully do evil with both hands----The prince asks for gifts, The judge seeks bribe, And the great man utters his evil desire; So they scheme together. 4) The best of them is like a brier; The most upright is sharper than a thorn hedge; The day your watchmen and your punishment comes; Now shall their perplexity. 5)Do not trust in a friend; Do not put your confidence in a companion; Guard the doors of your mouth From her who lies in your bosom. 6) For son dishonors father; Daughter rises against mother,
Daughter-in-Law against Mother-in-Law' A man's enemies are the men of his own household. 7) Therefore I will look to the Lord; I will wait for the God of my salvation; My God will hear me.

It has been projected that by the time the baby boomer generation becomes seniors citizens that they will out number the upcoming generations. Now what is gonna happen to these Seniors in the hands of a world of unattached adults? When the rapture happens there is not gonna be the moral presence of the church to deter their evil desires. They will have no problem euthenizing the Seniors who hamper their life. They will openly embrace a leader who promises them security, wealth and the freedom to do what they want to do. Especially if it means killing a few people refuse to take the mark. They will see them as the enemy to their lifestyle. Unattached children already have a fascination with evil. If someone comes and claims to be God, who lets them be as perverse as they wish with out punishment,
will be openly embrassed.

I know it is hard to imagine a society like this, but take a long look around you. Listen to how the children talk and dress. Look at how many children run where ever they wish and openly defy adult authority. Listen to the news, violence is so common,no one even is surprised when a child has a baby and kills it or a bunch of teens plot to kill their parents and teachers or when a teen chops off anothers head and video tapes it  for fun. This is just a small fraction of the violence being perpetrated by todays youth, many who are unattached. These kids don't care and they are our future doctors, lawyers, nurses, politicians, and ultimately leader of a country. They are the future spouses and parents. They are gonna have children who are unattached to anyone, who only trust themselves, who manipulate, lie, abuse, steal and murder others. we have the technology now to clone humans and grow babies in an artificial environment, What kind of children would come from this? They would not have the bonding in the mothers womb and what if these children are raised by people who just see them as objects and just give them the  necessary care they need to grow? A whole generation could be made who have no conscience, who care for no one.
Jesus said," 21)Now brother will deliver up brother to death, and a father his child; and children will rise up against parents and cause them to be put to death. 22)And you will be hated by all for My name's sake. But he who endures to the end will be saved. ( Matthew 10:21-22)

I realize that this sounds very grim, But the Tribulation does not sound like it is gonna be a picnic. We are heading everyday closer to our Lords return, we need to remain vigilant. We need to do everything we can to help these children learn to trust Jesus and show them that there is a better future for them. Here is one of the prayers I say for my children. I believe the key to helping these children is to pray diligently for them.

WARFARE PRAYER FOR THE CHILDREN 
Gracious God, I acknowledge that You are worthy of all honor, glory and praise. I am thankful for the victorious work of Your Son, Jesus Christ at Calvary for me. I appropriate His victory for my children now as I willingly surrender every area of their life to Your will.

Thank you for the forgiveness and righteousness that has been given to them as Your adopted children. I trust in Your protection and provision daily. I know that your love for them never ceases.

I rejoice in Your victory, my Lord, over all the principalities and powers in the heavenlies. In faith I stand in Your victory and commit my children to live obediently for You my King.

I desire that their fellowship with You become greater. Reveal to them those things that grieve You and enables the enemy to secure an advantage in their life. they need the Holy Spirit's powerful ministry in their life;
bringing conviction of sin, repentance of heart, strengthening their faith and increasing perseverance in resisting temptation.

Help them to die to self and walk in the victory of the new creation You have provided for them. Let the fruits of the Spirit flow out of their life so that You will be glorified through their life.

I know that it is Your will that I should stand firm and resist all of the enemy's work against my children. Help me to discern the attacks upon their thoughts and emotions and mine. Enable me to stand upon Your Word and resist  all the accusations, distortions and condemnations that are hurled against them and myself.

It is my desire for them to be transformed through the renewing of their mind, so  that they will not compromise with the ways of the world, or yield to the enemy's attacks, but be obedient to Your will.

I draw upon those spiritual resources that You have provided me and I attack the strongholds and plans of the enemy that have been put in place against my children and myself . I command in the name of Jesus Christ that the enemy must release their mind, will, emotions and body completely. They have been yielded to the Lord and they belong to Him.

Lord, enable them to become the person You created them to be. Help us as we pray to be strong in faith. Show us how to apply Your Word in our lives each day. I know that we wear the full armor of God when we are committed to and stand firmly upon Your Word. I want You to have the supreme place in our lives.

I surrender them completely to You, Lord. You are always faithful and You extend Your grace to them constantly, even when they do not realize it. I claim Your promise of forgiveness and cleansing in its fullness for my children. In faith, I receive the victory today for them that you have already put in place for them. I do this in the name of Jesus Christ, my Savior with a grateful heart. AMEN 
If you have any questions or comments feel free to write me at kkoster@datawise.net 

**********************************

When children don't bond with parents By Tori DeAngelis 
Shuffled from one relative to another from the age of 2, José* by age 9 had became embroiled in one horrible misdeed after another. He had sexually molested 13 children in one foster home he lived in, and killed several family pets.  For two years, José had lived in a therapeutic foster home with Nancy Thomas, a therapeutic foster parent trained to help him with issues of attachment. In therapy also attended by Thomas, José was learning to reveal his dark childhood secrets one by one, and feel some remorse for them, Thomas says.
One day during this time, José seemed unusually agitated, and so did the family pet, a small Welsh Corgy with deep brown eyes whom José had learned to treat as his own. It took two weeks before José could say what went on:
He had tried to kill the dog in the Thomas' bathroom by crawling down a laundry chute to get a knife, and returning to the bathroom where the dog was locked in.

He said he looked into the dog's eyes and couldn't do it,said Thomas.

Telling me that was a big step for him," says Thomas, who has since helped José, 18, find a permanent home.

Trust is a huge issue for these kids, and talking about what he'd really done was a move toward helping him create a real relationship. José is one of a growing number of children-especially those who were adopted or in foster-care-diagnosed with reactive attachment disorder," a condition psychologists say stems from a purely environmental influence: the absence of a nurturing caregiver in the earliest, most vulnerable stage of life.
Because of severe neglect or abuse, these youngsters can't form healthy attachments and fail to develop a conscience, resulting in such "bad seed"
behaviors as pulling off the heads of baby animals and setting houses on fire.

If you've never formed a connection to another person, there's no reason to believe you would develop empathy for anyone," explains Nancy Colletta,
PhD, an Arlington, Va., psychologist with a federal grant from the Administration for Children and Families to train psychologists and parents to treat the disorder.

These youngsters view the world as a scary and distrustful place to live,"
adds Mary Owen, a social work professor at Catholic University who treats attachment-disordered children. Because as infants they were never able to express their rage and have their needs met, they internalize that rage and take it out on themselves and others, she says.  At least two social conditions make reactive attachment disorder more common, according to psychologist Gregory Keck, PhD, founder of the Attachment and Bonding Center of Ohio: Families are splintering apart as never before, so abuse and neglect are on the rise; and people are adopting more foreign children who have been severely neglected in overseas orphanages.  The result is tragic for the youngsters and for society. Studies in England and the United States estimate that 60 percent to 80 percent of felons emerged from the foster-care system, says Keck, who wrote "Adopting the Hurt Child: Hope for Families with Special-Needs Kids (Pinon Press, 1995). If these children don't receive intensive treatment early on, they'll never be able to adequately attach with anyone, and will be at grave risk for developing later psychopathology, he says.  Attachment therapy 
To help these youngsters, psychologists, social workers and lay people like Nancy Thomas are developing therapy techniques based on the tenets of attachment theory. Developed by British researcher John Bowlby in the 1950s, the theory holds that infants are born with a survival-based drive to attach and relate to others. If the need is not met, babies won't develop a positive working model" of relationships, and as children, never learn to trust.

The treatments themselves contain some controversial elements-in particular, holding therapy," designed to invoke youngsters' infantile emotions, including rage, frustration, anger and the need for nurturing-and they are largely unevaluated. Yet conventional treatments don't work with these youngsters, which is why psychologists and others have turned to the new methods, they say.

Traditional therapy is predicated on the idea that a child can build trust with someone," says Colletta. "But it became clear to me that these kids were unable to trust adults, to relax enough to give adults power over them."

This kind of attachment therapy-especially holding therapy-really provides the ultimate corrective emotional experience," adds Keck. "It repairs a child's disturbed development more fully than any other therapy I have been exposed to, or that I do."  Nonetheless, practitioners doing more general work in attachment advise psychologists to keep some caveats in mind with these newer therapies.  Any treatment done with these children must account for the child's unique personality and needs, and the specific emotional climate between child and caretaker, says Alicia Lieberman, PhD, professor of psychology at the University of California-San Francisco.  Therapists must also tease out behaviors that may result from early environmental deprivation such as malnutrition, from those that are specifically related to attachment problems, she says.  Another problem is that some practitioners apply concepts such as 'bonding' too literally, believes Joan Luby, MD, a child psychiatrist at Washington University School of Medicine.

"Simple holding and setting firm limits are not going to address a child's psychopathology comprehensively," she says. "It's a big assumption that having physical contact with a child is attachment."

How it works  The therapy typically begins with two weeks of intensive,
three-hour-a-day treatment that uses cognitive, behavioral and psychodynamic techniques to evoke a child's early rage at having been abandoned or abused. The adoptive or foster parents-often the target of the child's present anger-are present to help the child build a sense of trust.
Part of the treatment involves "holding therapy," where the child lies across the laps of two adults, typically the therapist and a foster parent.
A boy, for example, wraps his right arm around the back of the adult closest to his face, and looks into that adult's face. Both adults hold the boy tightly.

According to Thomas, the technique aims at getting the boy to relinquish control, which has been his vehicle for surviving in the world. The deep compression of the hold invokes a sense of panic and rage in the child that causes him to scream as he would have as an infant, she says. But Keck notes that the holding can also create a sense of calmness, contentment and safety in the child.

Throughout the holding, the therapist looks softly into the child's eyes and provides a nurturing embrace. The idea is to simulate good mothering,
and allow the child a chance to experience missed bonding, says Keck.
Occasionally, a more radical version called "compression holding" is used.
In this version, the therapist literally lies on top of the child, says Thomas. The hold is only used if a child is psychotic and needs help getting back in touch with his body, she says.  Back at home  In the next stage of treatment, the psychologist provides 90-minute therapy sessions that are conducted regularly over the next year. The sessions involve both parents and children, and are geared to improve the child's emotional functioning and to iron out problems between the child and parent. If the child is still severely acting out, he or she may live with a therapeutic foster parent during this time.  Parents are urged to maintain firm control over their children's environment. Parents stay with the children while they brush their teeth, perform chores, eat, play and read to keep them out of trouble and to deal directly with their lies, which are habitual in many of these children, Thomas says.

"We also do holding, cuddling, eating ice cream, telling stories and singing nursery rhymes," she said. "And we do funny, silly things together,
like making mudpies and having snowball fights."

The children also play with toys and do exercises that help them build sensory and motor skills, which are often severely impaired in children who live fearfully and hypervigilantly, says Thomas.  As the youngsters attach more fully with their parents, they're allowed more independence. They attend regular school and develop their own friendships.  Sparse data While little research has been conducted on these methods, those using them claim a high success rate. Thomas says that 85 percent of the younger children she's helped treat attach healthily with their adoptive or foster parents, and go on to succeed in school, form stable relationships and acquire and stay in jobs.  Keck, who specializes in treating teenagers with the disorder, says most of the teens he sees also attach healthily enough to be considered healed. Thomas has had less success with that population:
Only 5 percent of the teens she's treated have navigated attachment successfullly, partly because they're at a developmental stage marked by separation, she thinks.

The only quantitative study to date on the treatment is by Robin Myeroff, a psychology doctoral candidate who conducted research on therapy at The Attachment Center in Evergreen, Colo.  In her dissertation at Union Institute, Myeroff found that 12 children who received the center's treatment scored somewhat lower on aggression and delinquency after treatment; the scores were clinically significant, she said. Eleven attachment-disordered children who did not receive therapy showed no change.  Until more data emerges, the field must rely on anecdotal evidence. But that doesn't daunt Keck, who believes the treatment works because it addresses the most basic issue of human development.

"What's exciting is that there's now hope for kids who before were written off," says Keck.

"Before, we thought that kids who had poor attachment would never experience normal development. This treatment kicks the kid back into a normal developmental process.


**************************************


Broken Families and Abused Children August 20, 1997

Death rates among children under 4 who die from abuse and neglect have hit a 40-year high. That's according to the Population Reference Bureau, which says the rate even outnumbers child deaths due to a half dozen other traumatic causes. But what's at the root of this alarming increase in child abuse? Well, as Melissa Charbonneau reports from our CBN News Washington bureau, new research suggests the breakdown of the family is putting children at risk.  Melissa Charbonneau, reporter  For most children, home is a safe haven after a day on the playground, but for a growing number of today's youngsters, home has increasingly become a  dangerous place.

"We just walked on eggshells," said Karen Delisi.  As a child, Karen Delisi endured physical and mental abuse in a home with an alcoholic father.

"He had no problem with pulling you out of bed and just start smack--you know, beating me to the point where my mom and my brother had to pull him off of me," Delisi said. Karen's abuse is in the past, but her emotional scars are typical of those survivors of child abuse carry for a lifetime.

"When you're told your whole life you're a piece of junk, you're garbage,
you're a whore, you're this, you're that, you're not going to amount to anything, you know, that plays a role in you. I mean, that's how you believe," Delisi said.

The government estimates nearly a million children annually are victims of abuse. In the last decade, reported abuse quadrupled, fatalities escalated.
Strangled, beaten and scalded, nearly 2,000 children die each year at the hands of a parent or caretaker. Reports like this one of a nine-year-old girl found dead in a Baltimore suburb, allegedly starved to death by her mother, have experts looking for the cause and a way to stop the suffering.

A report released by the Heritage Foundation traces the root to the breakdown of the family. The report suggests marriage is the key to protecting a child's safety.  "Children are most safe in two-parent, intact families where the mother and the father are married," said Robert Moffit of the Heritage Foundation.  Where are children in the most danger?

"The preliminary evidence from Great Britain indicates they are most at risk in non-traditional families or, to be more specific, in families where men and women are simply living together without the benefit of marriage,"
Moffit said.

The Heritage Report cites a British study that examined 141 families where abuse occurred. It found the rate of child abuse with a parent who divorced and remarried was six times higher than for children living with their married biological parents. In homes where both biological parents live together without marriage, the rate of abuse climbed to 20 times higher.
When the natural mother lived with a man unrelated to the child, the child was 33 times more likely to suffer abuse, 73 times more likely to die from that abuse.

Family therapist Novlyn Hinson says broken homes breed stress. Marriage brings bonding and commitment, often missing with live-in partners.  Ms.
HINSON: "Oftentimes, they're interested in the relationship with the other adult, but the children weren't part of the bargain, and so the children become a nuisance to them, then they don't have that biological bonding there. Abusers tend to be people who have not been able to form the bond with the child, who have not been able to adequately, emotionally connect with that child," Hinson said.  Michael Faenza with the National Mental Health Association says the British study validates traditional wisdom.

"It tells me that the more stable and supportive a family is, the less risk there is of child abuse," Faenza said.  But Faenza and other child advocates are quick to point out most non-traditional families are not abusing their children. David Liederman with the Child Welfare League warns marriage is not the ultimate answer.

"Well, it's a nice concept, except that 26 percent of the families with children in the United States are single-parent families," Liederman.
Liederman says government should help children in alternative families with additional counseling programs. Conservatives support a more local approach and say nurturing traditional marriage could reverse a rising tide of abuse. But for Karen Delisi, the key is reaching abused children sooner with a message that they matter. She says faith in God and forgiveness can remove the bitterness and change abuse victims into victors.

"The pain is gone," Delisi said. "I mean, it's amazing because, you know, I never thought that could ever happen--the pain and the hurt. But it's gone."

There's no guarantee that a certain family type can always prevent child abuse, but the numbers seem to show that in some cases, for some children,
marriage can mean the difference between life and death.

( Editors note: To see more information on this subject go to www.attachmentcenter.org)


******************************


Global Goals of the Clinton Administration By: The Phyllis Schlafly Report 

President Bill Clinton appointed his Rhodes scholar roommate and fellow draft dodger, Strobe Talbott, as his personal foreign policy adviser and later to the number-two post in the State Department. Talbott had spent 22
years as a writer for Time Magazine, where he enthusiastically predicted that "nationhood as we know it will be obsolete; all states will recognize a single, global authority." He wrote that "national sovereignty wasn't such a great idea," and he rejoiced in the coming "birth of the Global Nation."(1)

 The Talbott types in the Clinton Administration know that Americans will never willingly replace sovereignty with "a single global authority," so they instead talk about global governance, a global village, a global neighborhood, a global commons, a global economy, a reinvigorated United Nations, and an expanded NATO. Instead of advocating a "single" global authority, the globalists are moving us incrementally into a variety of global entities with interlacing tentacles of control. They use two principal techniques to increase the power of global organizations at the expense of American freedom to run our own affairs: treaties and international conferences.

Three types of treaties endanger our individual rights and national sovereignty.

Treaties to Regulate Human Behavior 
No human behavior is beyond the scope of these impudent treaties and the UN committees they would authorize to monitor our personal actions and our schools. The United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child(2) would set up a broad array of children's rights against their parents. This treaty is a major goal of the Children's Defense Fund, the chief lobby group for those who want the government "village" to take over the raising of children. This U.N. Treaty prescribes that the education of the child shall include global education, multiculturalism, feminism, and radical environmentalism, and would probably require us to set up a national system of daycare.

Article 43 sets up a Committee on the Rights of the Child consisting of ten "experts" to monitor "the realization of the [treaty's] obligations." In 1995, the Committee released its report on the United Kingdom and gave us a preview of the international busybodyism in store for us if we ever make the mistake of ratifying the treaty. This UN Committee expressed its concern that Britain isn't spending enough taxpayer funds for social programs, that British parents are allowed to withdraw their children from sex education in school, and that spanking is allowed.(3)

The United Nations Convention on the Elimination of all Forms of Discrimination Against Women(4) would be a massive interference with U.S.
laws and with our federal-state balance of powers, as well as have an unlimited capacity for legal mischief. It purports to  abolish discrimination against women "in the political, economic, social, cultural,
civil or any other field," which means that the UN would govern private relationships, "customs and practices."

This treaty would require us "to modify the social and cultural patterns of conduct of men and women" and to give assurances that we are following UN dictates about "family education." It would require us to ensure "the elimination of any stereotyped concept of the roles of men and women at all levels and in all forms of education ...by the revision of textbooks . . .
and teaching methods." Those are longtime feminist goals.

The treaty would obligate the federal government to take over all family law, including marriage, divorce, child custody, and property. And, of course, a UN committee of 23 "experts" would be created to monitor our compliance with the treaty.

Both of these treaties were rejected by Presidents Reagan and Bush, but have become pet projects of Bill and Hillary Clinton and Madeleine Albright.

A third treaty to regulate human behavior is now being prepared at the Hague and will be presented next year. It would set up a new world court with power to conduct criminal trials of individuals.


Treaties to Regulate Our Economic Life 
The World Trade Organization was rammed through Congress in 1994 as part of the lengthy treaty called GATT.(5) The World Trade Organization functions in Geneva as a sort of United Nations of Trade, with a legislature (where we have one out of 117 votes -- the same vote as Cuba or Haiti), a multinational bureaucracy accountable to no  one, and a supreme court of trade that ruled against the United States in its first case.

Another treaty designed to control our economic life, the Law of the Sea Treaty,(6) was emphatically rejected by President Reagan in the 1980s.
However, old treaties don't die, they don't even fade away, and Clinton is trying to revive it. It is a scheme to force American businesses to sink billions of investment dollars down on the ocean floor, and then turn the seabed's riches over to a global commission.

This treaty would create an International Seabed Authority with sovereignty over three-fourths of the earth's surface. The one-nation-one-vote procedure would assure that decisions would always be dominated by the Third World which has contributed nothing to the tremendous technology and financial investment necessary to bring those riches to the surface.

Unfortunately, Clinton persuaded the Republican Senate to ratify the Chemical Weapons Convention(7) in 1997. This treaty purports to ban chemical weapons, but the dangerous countries most likely to use chemical weapons (Libya, Syria, Iraq, North Korea, China, Iran and Russia) either won't sign the treaty or have indicated they will not be bound by it. This unverifiable and unenforceable treaty will increase, not eliminate, the risk of chemical weapons  se.

Of course, this treaty creates a new international bureaucracy.
Headquartered in the Hague, it is now planning its regulatory and reporting burden to impose on every U.S. company that produces, processes, or consumes a scheduled chemical.

Treaties to Regulate Energy and Property 
These treaties usually masquerade under the pretense of protecting the environment. The 1992 Convention on Biological Diversity (Biodiversity), an 18-page treaty with 1,140 pages of explanation attached, planned to set aside buffer zones and corridors connecting habitat areas where human use by Americans would be severely restricted. It would subject U.S. property owners to international review and regulation.

President Bush refused to sign the Biodiversity Treaty. However, Al Gore (see his book Earth in the Balance(8)) persuaded Bill Clinton  to sign it,
and the Clinton Administration tried to ratify it in 1994. The good news is that, due to the action of alert patriots, the Senate rejected it. The bad news is that the Clinton Administration is implementing it anyway through the President's Council on Sustainable Development, claiming that we must "fulfill existing international obligations." Unknown to most Americans,
the Clinton Administration has already put 47 large areas of land, called "Biosphere Reserves," under control of the UN and prohibited development in these areas. The area involved is larger than the state of Colorado.

In 1993, our Senate ratified another treaty that came out of the  1992
Earth Summit in Rio called the Framework Convention on Global Climate Change. It called for the economically developed countries  to take "voluntary actions" to reduce greenhouse gas emissions (principally carbon dioxide) to their 1990 levels. The Climate Control Treaty that Clinton is planning on signing in Kyoto, Japan later  this year would turn the voluntary goals into "legally binding commitments."(9)

This treaty would bind the United States to reduce our greenhouse  gas emissions by 10 to 20 percent below our 1990 levels, while Western Europe would be able to evade reductions by averaging among the EU countries and because most of their energy is produced by nuclear plants (which don't produce carbon dioxide). The 130 developing nations, including China and Mexico, would have no limitations at                            all! It doesn't take a rocket scientist to see that U.S. fossil-fuel-burning plants would move out of the United States to countries where there are no such restrictions. Whole industries and a million U.S. jobs would move overseas,
making us a non-industrialized nation.

The World Heritage Convention of 1972 granted special powers to the corrupt UN agency called UNESCO to designate selected American treasures as World Heritage sites and develop regulations and policies concerning their use.
The United States doesn't even belong to UNESCO because Ronald Reagan pulled us out of it. Nevertheless, 20 World Heritage Sites have already been claimed and marked by UNESCO, including Yosemite National Park,
Yellowstone National Park, the Grand Canyon, and even the Statue of Liberty in New York harbor and Independence Hall in Philadelphia.(10)

All these treaties are dangerous attacks on American freedom, our national security, our land ownership, and our private property. Every one of these treaties involves setting up a new global bureaucracy that would have some kind of obnoxious control over American citizens, or our families, or our schools, or our businesses, or our use of natural resources and energy, or our land.

-----------------

Additional information about these topics can be found in the following issues of the Phyllis Schlafly Report:

 1. June 1994, p. 3; Nov. 1996, p. 2
 2. Mar. 1993
 3. May 1995, p. 3
 4. Jan. 1997, p. 2; Sept. 1990
 5. June 1994; Oct. 1994; Nov. 1996
 6. Aug. 1982
 7. Jan. 1997, p. 3
 8. Sept. 1992, p. 3
 9. Sept. 1997, p. 3
 10. Sept. 1997, p. 2
 11. Dec. 1996, p. 3
 12. Sept. 1997, p. 4
 13. Nov. 1995, p. 3; Jan. 1997
 14. Nov. 1995, p. 2; June 1994, p. 2
 15. Nov. 1995, p. 2
 16. Jan. 1996
 17. Sept. 1997, p. 1
 18. May 1997; July 1997
 19. Aug. 1997
 20. Jan. 1996, p. 3
 21. Apr. 1971; Sept. 1992, p. 3
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
EAGLE FORUM PO Box 618
Alton, IL  62002
Phone: 618-462-5415
Fax: 618-462-8909
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
 URL:  http://www.eagleforum.org  mailto:eagle@eagleforum.org ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Get on the Eagle E-mail list today!
Just send an e-mail message to eagle@eagleforum.org  with SUBSCRIBE in the subject line!


*********************************


Thanksgiving Day Proclamation By: President George Washington 
"Whereas it is the duty of all Nations to acknowledge the providence of Almighty God, to obey His will, to be grateful for His benefits, and humbly to implore His protection and favor, and Whereas both Houses of Congress have by their joint committee requested me to recommend to the People of the United States a day of public thanksgiving and prayer to be observed by acknowledging with grateful hearts the many single favors of Almighty God,
especially by affording them an opportunity peaceably to establish a form of government for their safety and happiness.

"Now therefore I do recommend and assign Thursday the 26th day of November next to be devoted by the People of these States to the Service of that great and glorious Being, who is the beneficent Author of all the good that was, that is, or that will be. That we may then all unite in rendering unto Him our sincere and humble thanks, for His kind care and protection of the People of this country previous to their becoming a Nation, for the single and manifold mercies, and the favorable interposition's of His providence,
which we experienced in the course and conclusion of the late war, for the great degree of tranquillity, union, and plenty, which we have since enjoyed, for the peaceable and rational manner in which we have been enabled to establish constitutions of government for our safety and happiness, and particularly the national One now lately instituted, of the civil and religious liberty with which we are blessed, and the means we have to acquiring and diffusing useful knowledge and in general for all the great and various favors which He hath been pleased to confer upon us."
"And also that we may then unite in most humble offering our prayers and supplications to the Great Lord and Ruler of Nations and beseech Him to pardon our national and other transgressions, to enable us all, whether in public or private stations, to perform our several and relative duties properly and punctually, to render our national government a blessing to all people, by constantly being a government of wise, just and constitutional laws, discreetly and faithfully executed and obeyed, to protect and guide all Sovereigns and nations (especially such as have shown kindness unto us) and to bless them with good government, peace and concord. To promote the knowledge and practice of true religion and virtue, and the increase of science among them and us, and generally to grant unto all Mankind such a degree of temporal prosperity as He alone  know to be best."


***********************


Glory to God in the highest by Rexella Van Impe 
I love the year end holiday season when we celebrate both Thanksgiving and Christmas. Everyone seems to be a little bit happier this time of year. If you look around, children are singing and grown-ups are smiling and laughing. There's a kind of upbeatexcitement in the air and people seem to be enjoying life more.

I enjoy the sights and sounds and scents of the season. Colorful lights and decorations start going up, joyful music is playing almost everywhere one goes, and everyone starts thinking about their favorite traditional foods and "goodies." It's a time to send festive greeting cards to friends and loved ones. Even before Thanksgiving arrives, most folks are making lists for Christmas shopping, and little ones are starting to think about a certain red-suited gentleman who may be coming to their house soon. And most people go to church during the Christmas season, a good many who never attend any other time of the year.

Why is there such a joyful attitude this time of year? I believe that,
whether they realize it or not, people are remembering the greatest gift that was ever given in the history of the world ... a gift that was wrapped and laid in a manger!

The advent of Jesus Christ's coming to save us from our sins is something too precious and marvelous for words. Thanks be unto God for His unspeakable gift (2 Corinthians 9:15).

As we read the Bible, we discover that God is pleased when we praise Him.
Over and over again, we are directed to give thanks and praise to the Lord.
The psalmist David wrote, Enter into His gates with thanksgiving, and into His courts with praise. Praise ye the Lord. O give thanks unto the Lord;
for He is good; for His mercy endureth forever. Let everything that hath breath praise the Lord. Praise ye the Lord (Psalm 100:4. 106:1, 150:6).

Luke's Gospel tells the story of Jesus healing ten leprous men and sending them to show themselves to the priest as the law commanded. Afterward, only one of the men returned to give thanks to the Lord for His deliverance. And Jesus took note of his grateful act.

How thankful are you?

I believe He still notices whether we are thankful or not today. We are so blessed! God has been so good to us so many times that it's easy to take our blessings for granted. But the Lord is pleased when we remember to say,
"Thank you." The Apostle Paul inspires us by saying, In every thing give thanks: for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you (1
Thessalonians 5:18).

Certainly we should give thanks before we ask Him for something more. In fact, it would be good to spend an entire day every now and then just praising God and giving thanks to Him without asking for anything. Have you tried it? It's a marvelous experience. Start when you wake up just by thanking God for the beautiful day. Give thanks just for being alive! Thank the Lord for the comfort of a warm shower and for nice clothes to wear.
Thank Him for your morning coffee ... and for breakfast! It's not hard to find something for which to be grateful. Just look around you every hour and find something for which you can praise and thank the Lord! Doing this will revolutionize your life! It will open your eyes to how much you really have, and it will take away ingratitude and self-pity.

Thanksgiving Day is a wonderful holiday intended to give us time to reflect on the blessings we have received and to give thanks with a grateful heart.
Some families have made it a tradition to count their blessings together as they sit around the table and enjoy Thanksgiving dinner. Don't miss the opportunity to give thanks specifically and emphatically to God first by spending time with Him before giving the entire day over to watching football or doing some other activity. Take time to cultivate an attitude of gratitude. While you're being thankful, don't forget the true message of Christmas. On this day we should celebrate the great gift God has bestowed upon us. For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son,
that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life (John 3:16).

On the night that Jesus was born, an angel appeared to shepherds tending their flocks in the fields outside the city and told them of the birth of Christ. A multitude of angelic beings began singing, Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace (Luke 2:14). The shepherds hurried to find the place where Jesus lay in a manger, and bowed to worship Him. Then they returned, glorifying and praising God for all the things that they had heard and seen (verse 20).

Luke tells us of wise men coming from afar to worship Jesus. The Bible says that a brilliant star led them to Bethlehem. And when they were come to the house, they saw the young child with Mary His mother, and fell down, and worshipped him (Matthew 2:11).Praise God for His unspeakable gift (2
Corinthians 9:15)

The first people to celebrate Christmas did so by worshipping, glorifying and praising God. And so should we. Oh yes, the lights, decorations, music,
excitement, and traditions of Christmas are wonderful. The wonderful food and beautifully-wrapped gifts we exchange are good. But if that's all there is to Christmas Day, how empty and meaningless it all becomes. To capture the true spirit and meaning of this special celebration, we must praise God for His gift to us and show our gratitude by worshipping Jesus! That's what makes Christmas really special!

So anything that keeps us from worshipping God must be laid aside. The shepherds could have said they were too busy caring for their sheep, too busy with their job to go to worship. But they did go! They left their sheep and went to honor Christ - God in human flesh. The wise men could have let their pride get in the way. They could have said, "We're too important, too wealthy, too wise to get involved with this baby born to be a king. Why should we go to him?" But they traveled from afar, and fell down and worshipped the Christchild. Don't let your pride keep you from coming to the Lord, or from praising God for His great gift of love. Peace in this life What happens when we give glory to God? The heavenly choir of angels that sang to Bethlehem's shepherds said, Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men (Luke 2:14). Peace on earth? Jesus was born into a tiny nation that was enslaved and in bondage to the greatest military power in the world. The Roman Empire ruled with an iron fist. Cruelty and injustice were everywhere. The Jewish people dreamed of being free from their captors and throwing off the oppression of ruling governor and his legions of occupation troops.

Having the peace about which the angels sang was much more than the absence of hostility, or war, or political turbulence. They were talking about the peace of God, which passeth all understanding (Philippians 4:7). Jesus explained it further by saying, My peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid (John 14:27).

How can there be peace on earth when wars are raging, whole nations are starving and people are dying, Mideast terrorists stir hatred and fear, and racial tensions breed violence and destruction? Where is there any good will toward men?

You will not find it in the marketplace, or in the halls of government.
Peace cannot be bought or sold, or legislated by the laws of men. Peace is a gift of God. It cannot be imposed by outside sources. Peace wells up from the inner depths of our being where the Spirit of God takes residence. True peace comes from within! Nor does good will result from man's ingenuity. It is not a man-to-man but a God-to-man quality. And it transcends the worst that any enemy can bring against us. No weapon formed against thee shall prosper, says the Lord. This is the heritage of the servants of the Lord,
and their righteousness is of me (Isaiah 54:17).

If only we could comprehend and practice the truth of this tremendous promise. There is absolutely nothing that man can do to promote violence or hostility enough to destroy the peace that Jesus gives. There are no storms of life, no trials or tribulations, that cannot be brought under the control of Christ's peace. Walking close to the Lord is the only safe place for us. So we can have peace in this life. We can enjoy good will. But the source of that peace, that good will, is Jesus, not the world. This alone is reason enough to worship and praise the Lord. Abundant life ...
eternally!

Our understanding of the story of Jesus is not complete if we do not realize that not only was He born among us, but also that He died for us.
And because of His death and resurrection, we can live to the fullest now and hereafter, presently and forever. Jesus said, The thief cometh not, but for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy: I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly (John 10:10). Jesus came to show mankind God's attributes. He went around doing good, healing the sick, feeding the hungry, revealing truth, showing love and compassion, to prove that He and the Father are one (John 10:30). Jesus said, He that hath seen me hath seen the Father (John 14:9).

He explained that God was like the father of the prodigal son, kind,
understanding, long-suffering, ready to forgive. Let not your heart be troubled, Jesus said, ye believe in God, believe also in me. In my Father's house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again, and receive you unto myself: that where I am, there ye may be also (John 14:1-3).

I like to restate this truth by saying that God made His home with us on earth that we might one day make our home with Him. This is why He came -
to give His life for us, to provide forgiveness for our sins, and to usher us into an unending life beyond this one with the Father in heaven!

No wonder the angels sang, Glory to God in the highest! What a gift we have been given. What a great promise is ours. What a hope we have for tomorrow!
Don't miss out this year on the most meaningful holiday season of your whole life. Remember these three simple steps: Praise god for His gift.
Receive His peace now! And accept life in Him, presently and eternally. By the way, this is good advice in any season, for any and every day of the year. You can enjoy the essence and true meaning of Thanksgiving and Christmas all year long. Every time you praise the Lord, the Spirit of Christmas is reborn in your heart.

To read more articles by Rexella Van Impe, Go to http://www.jvim.com. When you sign the guest book, let them know that you heard about it from PropheZine.


*************************************

PROPHEZINE NEWSBYTES 
CLIMATE IN CHAOS BY: Jack Van Impe 
EL NIÑO 1 1/2 TIMES THE SIZE OF U.S.
 Scientists report that satellite evidence shows that the powerful weather-disrupting El Niño is 1 1/2 times the size of the continental United States. The warm water mass that comes from the South Pacific near Australia moves from South America northward and will act on jet stream patterns to cause intense wintertime storm activity. It has been predicted that this could be the worst El Niño effect in history and cause disasters from large-scale droughts and famines to massive flooding to the spreading of diseases.

MILLENNIUM WATCH: US GOVT ESTIMATES FIX FOR MILLENNIUM BUG WILL COST AT LEAST $3.8 BILLION BY: Jack Van Impe 
As the problem gets increased media attention, more reports are coming out about the far-ranging and costly affects of the "millennium bug" or year 2,000 computing problem. As reported extensively in the October issue of the Intelligence Briefing, computers, with old programs in which programmers did not account for the coming turn of the millennium date, are vulnerable to a multitude of problems perhaps even resulting in crashing information systems and incapacitating governments, businesses, utilities,
banking institutions, human services, and other institutions on which we daily rely in our interconnected society.  The Clinton administration has announced a $1 billion increase in its estimates for computer system fixes or replacements necessary to deal with the millennium bug. The total estimate has now reached $3.8 billion. The head of the administration's millennium problem preparedness program said the Agriculture, Education,
and Transportation Departments and the Agency for International Development are so far behind in dealing with the crisis that they will have to spend all of their information technology money allocated for fiscal year 1999 to resolve it. (II Timothy 3:1)

For more of Jack Van Impe's articles, go to http://www.jvim.com 
To learn more about Prophecy Links, check out all our link pages at http://www.prophezine.com/sites 
++++++++++++++++++++

Hand-Held Neutron Bomb is a Terrorist Threat 
Radio talk show host David M. Bresnahan says that Sam Cohen, the inventor of the neutron bomb, fears that hand-held neutron bombs the size of grapefruits are probably in the hands of terrorists now. This type of neutron bomb would destroy every living thing within 500 yards without disturbing buildings.

This newsbyte comes from The Bible Prophecy Web Site http://www.Bible-prophecy.com/wars.htm#neutron 
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

Electronic Telegraph 
International News Sunday 9 November 1997
Issue 899

Russia loses its suitcase N-bombs By Ivo Dawnay in Washington 
THE nightmare scenario of terrorists acquiring Russian suitcase-sized nuclear weapons took a dramatic turn last week when the Kremlin implicitly admitted that the bombs exist - and some may be missing. Until now,
persistent rumors of the existence of the small, portable bombs have been vehemently denied by Moscow, with even Premier Viktor Chernomyrdin shrugging off the claims as an "absolute absurdity".

But The Telegraph has learnt that Prof Alexei Yablokov, who first disclosed the existence of the sophisticated device, was quietly co-opted by the Russian Defense Council last week to devise new legislation to control the weapons.

On Thursday, he was secretly summoned to the Kremlin and ordered to help to draft a presidential decree to co-ordinate the location of "compact nuclear weapons", bring them under secure control, and arrange for their speedy destruction.

The Yeltsin government's decision to bring in the professor is a tacit admission that the suitcase bombs not only exist, but could be outside secure control and represent a genuine international security risk.

It was Prof Yablokov, a distinguished ecologist, academician and former special adviser to Boris Yeltsin, who first alerted the world to the danger posed by the bombs - ideal portable terrorist weapons. In October, he told a United States Congressional committee that he was "absolutely certain"
they had been built as he had met someone involved in their construction.

This week he told The Telegraph that while there was "no certainty" that any of the bombs were unaccounted for, there were indeed "some suspicions".
He said: "I won't say how many I think have gone missing - you will publish it and scare the whole world," he said. "It is a question of units, not dozens."

The Kremlin's decision to draft the professor represents a momentous U-turn. Only a week earlier, Prof Yablokov had issued an ultimatum to President Yeltsin, threatening to go public with technical details of the bombs if action were not taken immediately.

The Kremlin's decision also represents a personal triumph for US Congressman Curt Weldon. As chairman of the House of Representatives'
National Security, in May, he disclosed that Gen Alexander Lebed had told him of his own concerns about suitcase nuclear weapons. Gen Lebed, who in his brief six months in government was charged by President Yeltsin to review nuclear security, said that only 48 out of 132 known bombs had been adequately accounted for.

He suspected that some of the weapons may have been built for the KGB by the Ministry of Atomic Energy without the knowledge of the Defense Ministry. Yesterday Mr Weldon welcomed the news of Prof Yablokov's appointment as vindicating his campaign. "We finally have full confirmation of our suspicions that these devices have existed and do exist," Mr Weldon said. "This is not a time to embarrass Russia, but to come together to secure nuclear stability for people in Russia, the US and the world."

Small, tactical nuclear devices have long been deployed on both sides of the Cold War trenches. The US military is believed to have as many as 600
atomic demolition munitions (ADMs) - some of which are known to troops as "satchel" bombs. The weapons were intended for special forces to use behind enemy lines for blowing up key infrastructure like airports and roads.
Similar equipment is understood to have been issued to Soviet Spetznaz units as part of some 25,000
tactical nuclear weapons in the Red Army's armory.

In 1995, rumors swirled round Moscow that two such bombs had been acquired in Vilnius, Lithuania by Chechen rebels. According to the Russian nationalist paper Zavtra, the weapons were bought for £600,000 and all those associated with the transaction were later murdered to ensure secrecy. The correspondent who wrote the article was subsequently abducted and threatened with death if he pursued the story - which was later withdrawn by Zavtra.

Despite the "official" American acceptance of Russia's assurances that there was no threat, US Intelligence agencies are believed to have been probing claims of loose tactical nuclear weapons since 1995. According to One Point Safe, a book by Leslie and Andrew Cockburn, two Washington-based journalists, the US was approached by the Chechens during their war of secession and threatened with nuclear blackmail.

"They told them that if Washington did not formally recognize the Chechen state, they would sell the weapons to Gaddafi (the Libyan dictator),"
Andrew Cockburn claims. A subsequent clandestine CIA mission to Chechenya -
secretly agreed to by the Russians - failed to turn up evidence of a bomb.
This and other stories of hoaxes and skullduggery, however, proved sufficiently compelling to inspire the Cockburns to write the screenplay for The Peacemaker, a fictionalized thriller bought by Steven Spielberg.
Professional analysts are not so  much interested in whether the bombs exist, but in where exactly they are located and whether they are under Russia's secure control.

Now that Prof Yablokov has persuaded the Kremlin to take the issue seriously, it may be easier to discover whether any bombs are missing. But,
given that the Russians have lied repeatedly about the very existence of the weapons, it may be too much to expect them to report honestly about when or whether they have this arsenal of terror under firm control.

++++++++++++++++++

F.Y.I. - Israel in the News By Lee Underwood Week Ending: November 15, 1997/15 Cheshvan5758
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Blow a trumpet in Zion, and sound an alarm on My holy mountain! Let all the inhabitants of the land tremble, for the day of the L-rd is coming;
surely it is near" Joel 2.1
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

ISRAEL ISSUES WARNING TO IRAQ : Israel, in a message relayed by Jordan,
has warned Iraq that Israel will respond on a massive scale if attacked,
Ma'ariv reported. Minister of National Infrastructure Ariel Sharon, who was in Jordan this week, delivered the message to Jordan's Crown Prince Hassan several hours before Hassan's meeting with Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz. The warning was issued despite appeals from the United States for Israel to keep a low profile as Washington tries to bring Arab states into an international coalition against Iraq. Security officials estimate that the chances of an Iraqi missile attack on Israel are slim. However, Israel Defence Force (IDF) Home Front Command and other appropriate units are conducting large civil defense exercises, involving dealing with mass casualty incidents. The exercises are concentrating on the treatment of many injured persons who have been hit with non-conventional weaponry, such as biological and/or chemical warfare.
(Israel Line, JTA, IINS)

PALESTINIANS SUPPORT HUSSEIN: Demonstrators in PLO Authority (PA)
autonomous areas held pro-Iraq demonstrations Monday. "We, the Palestinians support Hussein," read the signs. The demonstrators called upon Hussein to bomb Tel-Aviv. They burned Israeli and American flags.
Unlike during the Gulf War, Yassir Arafat has not made a public statement supporting Saddam Hussein. In a meeting of the Palestinian Legislative Council that took place Monday, the Political Committee denounced the American threats against Iraq and demanded to resolve the current conflict by peaceful means. The Committee also demanded to immediately remove the siege of Iraq, Sudan, and Libya. A Member of the PLO's Executive Committee, Zakaria Al-Agh'a, said that the treatment of Iraq is very far from being just. In a letter sent to the U.N.'s Secretary General the "National and Islamic Forces" in Gaza denounced the aggressive American policy. (IINS, Palestinian Media Review)

'EXTREMISTS' MAY BE ARRESTED WITHOUT TRIAL: Right-wing extremists who threaten leading politicians and take part in demonstrations where incitement borders on the criminal may again be placed in administrative detention, as they were prior to and in the wake of the assassination of Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin (many were put under 'administrative detention' [house arrest] for merely speaking out against the Oslo process). The Shin Bet internal security service has information on at least ten 'ultra-right militants' active in Israel. In recent discussions within the organization, the possibility has been raised of placing such "major inciters" in administrative detention - in other words, arrest without trial. These activists are kept under constant surveillance and occasionally are officially warned. A senior security source said that radicalization has been intensifying among far-right militants in the past year, and that dangerous incitement is again being voiced. Protection of PM Netanyahu and Defense Minister Yitzhak Mordechai has recently been stepped up, and Labor Party Chairman Ehud Barak MK and former Prime Minister Shimon Peres, Minister of Knesset (MK), are also given close protection. (Ha'aretz)

SHIN BET MISHANDLED 'INFORMER': Declassified portions of the  Shamgar Commission report on the assassination of PM Rabin have cast a shadow over Israel's domestic intelligence agency. Some Knesset members found the revelations disturbing enough to call for Shin Bet (GSS) officials to be put on trial. The report presented a troubling picture of GSS's handling of one of its informants, Avishai Raviv. The formerly secret sections of the report gave details about the years Raviv acted as an undercover agent in Israel's extremist right-wing circles. It described how he repeatedly attacked Arabs, initiated attacks against Jewish settlement leaders he considered too moderate and repeatedly told friends, including Yigal Amir (now serving a life sentence for assassination of Rabin), that the assassination of Rabin could be justified on religious grounds. The GSS recruited Raviv in 1987 from the ranks of right-wing extremists to inform on colleagues who were plotting violence against Palestinians or against Jews who supported the peace process. The report indicated that the GSS dropped criminal charges against Raviv at least 11 times during the period he served as an operative. The report noted that while GSS officials were aware that Raviv was a problematic operative, they never severed ties with him in the eight years he was an agent for them.
Nationalistic and religious elements were specifically harmed by Raviv's provocations, and his GSS handlers could not have been able to ignore this. Such is one of the essential conclusions of the report. Adir Zik,
who hosts a radio show on Arutz Sheva, reported that Rabin found out after-the-fact that the poster of him in a Nazi uniform was publicized by a GSS agent.  He summoned GSS head Carmi Gillon, and expressed concern over this method of operation and the way in which Raviv was being employed. Gillon stated, "Don't worry, it's all under my responsibility."
Zik also said that it was not the military censor, but a Ministerial committee, that decided a year and a half ago to forbid the publication of the Raviv findings. The committee consisted of Shimon Peres, David Libai,
Moshe Shachal, and Yossi Sarid. It appears likely that State Prosecutor Edna Arbel will file criminal charges against Raviv. In addition to entrapping right-wing activists, Raviv appears to have had advance knowledge of Amir's plans to attempt to assassinate Rabin., Despite the information, he failed to act to prevent the assassination. Security sources confirm that Raviv, whose GSS code name was Champagne, departed Israel Sunday night for North America.

Meanwhile, according to leaders of Jewish communities in the Gush Etzion (Judea) areas, there are at least three GSS agents operating in these Jewish communities. One of the agents, they report, has tried to get actively involved in the Yesha Council, Efrat Local Council and Gush Etzion Regional Council. (JTA, Arutz Sheva, IINS, ZINC)

HAR HOMA ON HOLD: The Housing Ministry has decided to postpone the next stage of the Har Homa construction project until the first quarter of next year. According to the original plan, the tenders for construction of the neighborhood were to have been issued this month, following the completion of the infrastructure preparatory works. Sources in the Ministry explained that the postponement is not the result of political pressures, but is rather a calculated measure to include the project in next year's budget. MK Michael Kleiner, leader of the Knesset Land of Israel front, stated that the Ministry's assurances do not mollify him,
and that regarding as sensitive an issue as Har Homa, there should not  be an agreement to a postponement of even a few months. He said that he will investigate the matter. (Arutz Sheva)

ALBRIGHT MEETS WITH NETANYAHU AND ARAFAT: US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu focused their London meeting on the Middle East peace process and the Iraqi crisis. Netanyahu said anyone who wants to see peace and stability in the region supports the US led effort in the United Nations --  and he expressed hope for a quick resolution to the crisis. As for the Middle East peace process --
considered by many  experts to be going nowhere -- Albright indicated no breakthroughs were made during her talks with Netanyahu. She met with PLO leader Yasser Arafat a day after meeting Netanyahu. Albright says her two days of talks with the Israeli and Palestinian leaders have been useful in dealing with their differing concepts about how to proceed with Middle East peace talks. (VOA)

ARAFAT TO DECLARE STATEHOOD IN 1999: The Palestinian Authority will declare statehood in 1999 at the end of the five-year interim period of autonomy, Arafat declared Thursday. "The interim agreement is five years ...," Arafat said, "At the end of the five years, our target will be to establish our independent state." Netanyahu's communications adviser,
David Bar-Illan, said a unilateral declaration of statehood would violate earlier agreements "because it prejudices negotiations on the final status."

In another development, speaking in Tel-Aviv's Habimah Theatre, former US Secretary of State Henry Kissinger stated the world's recognition of a Palestinian State is a certainty. Therefore, the issue is not if there will be a state, but rather what will be its borders. This Kissinger stated must be discussed during the negotiations. (Jerusalem Post, IINS)

MK ELON RECEIVES THREAT: MK Rabbi Benny Elon told agents of the GSS that he received a threatening letter this week containing a bullet. Elon emphasized this was not the first time he received a threat in the mail,
but he never received a bullet with it. He added that it was noteworthy that right-wing MKs also are threatened and it isn't only the left-wing that is subjected to such harassment and threats.

In another story, former GSS chief Yaakov Perry has issued a warning that another political assassination may take place. In his address to the Knesset Interior Committee, Perry warned of the possibility of another attempt to kill a senior political figure. He stated that it was entirely possible the next assassin would come from Israel's left-wing. Perry told the committee that the political atmosphere in the country was becoming increasingly tense and the division between Israelis is most apparent. He stated the atmosphere of intolerance might possibly be responsible for breeding the next assassin. (IINS)

UN ACTION AGAINST ISRAEL: The UN General Assembly on Thursday reiterated its recommendation that the High Contracting Parties to the Geneva Convention (188 countries) convene a conference on measures to enforce the "Convention in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including Jerusalem". The action took place as the UN resumed its emergency special session on "illegal Israeli actions in 'occupied East Jerusalem' and the rest of the 'Occupied Palestinian Territory'". The Assembly recommended that Switzerland, in its capacity as the depository of the Geneva Convention, take the necessary preparatory steps, including convening a meeting of experts, with a target date of but not later than February 1998. The resolution was adopted by a vote of 139 in favor to 3 against (Micronesia, Israel, United States), with 13 abstentions. The Assembly also called for reinjecting momentum into the stalled Middle East peace process, and for the implementation of the agreements reached between Israel and the PLO. The 'principles of the process', including the exchange of land for peace, must be upheld, according to the resolution.
The Assembly condemned Israel's failure to comply with the resolutions it had adopted when the emergency special session convened in April and July.
By those texts, the Assembly had demanded the immediate and full cessation of the construction in Har Homa (interestingly the resolution uses the Arabic name for the development-ed) and of all other Israeli settlement activities, as well as all of 'illegal actions' in Jerusalem. Further, the Assembly had demanded that Israel accept the 1949 Geneva Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War, and that it comply with relevant Security Council resolutions. (Nowhere do any of the current resolutions address the matter of the PLO complying with it's obligations in regard to the agreements between Israel and the PLO-ed)

Meanwhile, at the opening of its autumn session in Geneva, the Committee Against Torture has discussed a letter from the Israeli Ambassador, Yosef Lamdan, saying there would be a delay in Israel's submission of its second periodic report. Israel had presented its initial report to the Committee at its spring session. At that time, the panel had concluded that Israel's interrogation methods amounted to torture and called on the authorities to immediately cease these practices. The experts said that there was no justification for a further delay in the submission of the second report. They added that it was 'high time that Israel be notified of the Committee's frustration on the subject' and decided to address a letter to Israel requesting it to submit its report before its meeting next May. (UN Daily Highlights, IINS, Israel Line)

ISRAEL - SYRIA HOTLINE? US special Middle East peace envoy Dennis Ross has recently been exploring the possibility with Israel and Syria of a limited hotline between the two countries - which would apparently go through the United States - in an effort to halt hostilities that could result from misunderstanding. The enhanced communication would occur within the context of the monitoring group in Naqura which was formed in the aftermath of Operation Grapes of Wrath. Senior diplomatic sources doubted whether the Syrians would agree to such a hotline - even indirect - due to the lack of progress on peace.

Meanwhile, Walid Mualem, the Syrian Ambassador to the US who was responsible for the negotiations between Israel and Syria, said his country is willing to return to the negotiating table only if Israel agrees to pick up where the talks broke off in March 1996. However, he added, Syria will insist on the return of the Golan, "to the last inch."
(Ha'aretz, Ma'ariv/MED)

IRAN CLOSE TO NUCLEAR INDEPENDENCE: According to Jane's Defense Weekly,
unless Western countries stop the transfer of highly-enriched uranium to Iran, "the Iranian spiritual leaders will be capable of implementing their 'atomic revolution' in the very near future." The report, quoting Israeli sources, states that in about four months, Iran will have reached its objective of being a nuclear power. The report also said that, in the early 1990's, Iraq was on the verge of developing its first nuclear weapon, but was set back by its loss in the Gulf War. (Israel Line, IINS)

TERRORISTS CAPTURED BY ISRAEL: Israel has snatched two alleged terrorist leaders from  the custody of Palestinian police, as the men were being transported across Israeli-controlled territory.  The army says a routine patrol stopped a Palestinian vehicle near autonomous Shechem and found several Palestinian security officers inside along with the two alleged terrorists. The security officers were apparently taking the prisoners from Hebron to Shechem, across Israeli-controlled territory. The men are founders of the murderous Tsurif terrorist gang.  A month ago, the Palestinian Authority claimed that the two had escaped from their Hebron prison cell.  The Kfar Tsurif gang was responsible for the murder of eleven Israelis and the wounding of almost 50 others. They murdered an IDF soldier, placed the bomb at the Apropos Cafe in Tel Aviv in which three women were killed, and committed several drive-by shooting-murders (VOA)

HOLOCAUST GLOBAL REGISTRY WEB SITE: JewishGen, Inc, the leading Internet site for Jewish genealogy, announces the opening of the Holocaust Global Registry, an interactive searchable database accessible worldwide at http://www.jewishgen.org. The JewishGen Holocaust Global Registry provides a central place for all survivors to list themselves and to search for, and connect with, family and friends. Child survivors who do not even remember their surnames may enter whatever information they have in the hope of discovering their roots. Anyone may add names or search for lost ones who might still be alive. This Registry will fill an information gap that has persisted far too long. The Holocaust took the lives of six and a half million Jews. After more than a half century  survivors are still searching and occasionally finding each other or locating friends and relatives, often by chance.  Others lack the physical and emotional strength to pursue the search especially since the odds for success have been poor. Thousands of Jewish children were saved and later adopted.
They were given new names and often a new religion.  As adults, many of them are still unaware of their true identity and Jewish heritage. (IINS)

PRIME MINISTER LIVE ON THE NET: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will address the General Assembly Plenum of the Council of Jewish Federations [CJF] in  Indianapolis on Sunday, November 16th at approximately 9:05 pm CST [4:05 am Israel time]. The Prime Minister's speech to an expected audience of 4,000 people at the GA Plenum will be broadcast live on the Internet via Audionet. The 30-minute address to the CJF General Assembly, the largest annual gathering of Jewish organizations in North America, can be  heard at: http://www.pmo.gov.il (GPO)

RACHEL'S TOMB: The appearance of Rachel's Tomb has been dramatically altered as a result of Israeli security concerns. The familiar white dome of the tomb, located on the outskirts of Beit Lechem (Bethlehem), is now hidden from view by a high wall of concrete topped by guard towers. The $2 million renovation project, begun more than a year ago by Israel's Religious Affairs Ministry, has resulted in a larger prayer area, which was jammed Tuesday by tens of thousands of Jews, most of them fervently Orthodox.  (JTA)

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

FYI - Israel In The News "For Zion's sake will I not hold my peace,
and for Jerusalem's sake I will not rest" Isaiah 62:1

'F.Y.I.' may be reproduced & distributed in any form. Please give proper credit.
Send comments and subscription requests to Lee Underwood at:
fyi@tzemach.org Web site: http://www.tzemach.org/fyi 

****************************

BASICALLY SPEAKING - FAITH-REST, part two By:  Ron Wallace 
"There remains therefore a sabbath rest for the people of God." Hebrews 4:9

Why then are there so very many Christians out there, whether they will readily admit it or not, who are NOT experiencing this quality of life which continually "rests" in the character and plan of God. Their lives are disrupted by doubt, worry and fear, but this is NOT the way God wants us to respond to circumstances in life. It is not adequate to "accept" the presence of these attitudes in your life, thinking that it's simply "OK" to feel this way. But it's not! Why then is this "failure" so prevalent?

It is because we have within us, a sin nature, which is deceptively wicked and inclined toward evil. It is an influence within us that promotes independence from God and a self-involvement that resists divine viewpoint no matter how painful the realities of life may be.

Peter tells us of this conflict between the lusts of the flesh (which come from the sin nature) and our inner desire to please God. "Beloved, I urge you as aliens and strangers, to abstain from fleshly lusts which wage war against the soul."  1 Pet. 2:11

And Paul, at Galatians 5:17, "For the flesh (sin nature) dictates its desires (lusts) against the Spirit and the Spirit (dictates its desires)
against the flesh, with the result that you do not do the things that you want."

The "things you want," refers to the inner longing within the believer which seeks to know God better and to do what is pleasing in His sight. But the "pull" of the sin nature needs to be offset by something that has far greater value. That far greater value is the viewpoint of God which contains His standards for relating to every area of life. If we do not cultivate the presence of God's viewpoint in our soul, then we will not have that "greater value" to properly handle and render impotent those very strong "lusts of the flesh."

Therefore, once again let us look at Heb. 3:13, "But encourage one another daily, as long as it is called, 'today,' lest any one of you become hardened by the deceitfulness of THE sin (nature)."

In view of the availability of this quality of life for the believer, the writer exhorts us to diligence at Hebrews 9:11,

"Let us therefore be diligent to enter that rest . . ."

Diligence is a concentrated endeavor to realize the blessings God has promised to those who love Him. Diligence in this case, requires knowledge and understanding of God's character so that the believer can actually "rest" in all that God has promised us.

We fail to realize this blessing by either not knowing or simply ignoring the promises of God. This is not just a failure to trust God in various pressure situations, but is actually sinning against His character and plan, for "all which is not from faith is sin," (Rom. 14:23).

The quoted example for such failure refers to the people of Israel, who were not only delivered from Egypt by God's mighty power, but entered into a "salvation" relationship with Him through trust in His character and plan during that first Passover. Then they saw His works for 40 years (Hebrews 3:9) and yet still continually went "astray in their heart, and they did not KNOW My ways," (Heb. 3:10).

As a result of their continued lack of faith, they were unable to enter into God's "spiritual" rest at that present time, and were also denied participation in the "physical" rest in the land of Canaan later. This promised land of Canaan, thus, became the illustration of the believer's "spiritual" faith-rest experience here on earth AFTER salvation (NOT salvation itself).

Time after time God gave them the opportunity to trust Him in a crisis situation and time after time they failed to enter into that place of perfect peace by resting in His promises.

Again, the warning comes to us at Heb. 3:12, as the writer exhorts,  "Take care brethren, lest there be in any one of you, an evil unbelieving heart,
by withdrawing from the Living God."

The "evil, unbelieving heart" is the heart that fails to claim the promises of God and trust in Him during the times of pressure and trial. It is opposite to the attitude James exhorts at James 1:3,

"My brethren, conclude it to be an occasion for total joy, when you encounter various temptations.


************************

PropheZine's Prophecy Tapes are here!

PRINT THIS FORM TO ORDER THE PROPHEZINE CONFERENCE TAPES *********************************************************

The PropheZine 1997 Los Angles Prophecy Conference Tapes.

(Please fill out all details below and follow all instructions)

Name:_____________________________________________

Address: __________________________________________

City: __________________ State: _______ Zip:____________

Email:_____________________________________________

Phone:____________________(in case there are problems with the order)

_____ Berit Kjos - Zero Tolerance - 60 Min. - $8.50

_____ Berit Kjhos - Brave New Schools - 60 Min. - $8.50 (A MUST FOR PARENTS!)

_____ Gary Kah - One World Movement - 60 Min. - $8.50

_____ Gary Kah - Occult Roots of Globalism - 90 Min. - $8.50 (A MUST HAVE!)

_____ John Kinsella - False Peace  - 60 Min. - $8.50

_____ John Kinsella - Prophecy 1948 - Present 60 Min. - $8.50 (A MUST HAVE!)

_____ Lambert Dolphin - Olivet Discourse - 60 Min. - $8.50

_____ Ron Graff - Preparing for the Mark - 60 Min. - $8.50

_____ Scott Pearson - Mary: the bridge to Islam 90 Min. - $8.50 (MUST HAVE!)

_____ Scott Pearson - Proliferation of Signs - 90 Min. - $8.50

_____ Steven Wright - Weath in Prophecy - 60 Min. - $8.50

_____ Steven Wright - Laodicean Error -90 Min. - $8.50

_____ Tim LaHaye - Biblical Basis of Pre-Trib Rapture 60 Min. - $8.50

_____ Tim LaHaye - Terminal Generation - 60 Min. - $8.50

_____ ** The PZ Special Full Conference Tape Series - $100.00 **
At a special price of $100.00 PropheZine will send you all the tapes above plus 2 bonus tapes of the Question & Answer Panel Session, AND David Hocking's "Jubilee Message  To Israel". This is a $146.00 value for only $100.00.

_____ *** LIMITED OFFER: Jack Van Impe's "Mark of the Beast" Video.
2 hours long, GREAT UPDATED info, Terry Cook, Grant Jeffrey, Peter Lalonde,
and Jack Van Impe. - $23.00 each. Tax/Shipping & Handling included.

_____ *** LIMITED OFFER: Kim Young, an up-and-coming author has given me a limited supply of her book "The Last Hour". This is a great endtimes novel that puts chills down your neck, at least it did for me. - $12.00.
Tax/Shipping & Handling included.


Make payment to PROPHEZINE and send your check or money order to:

PropheZine 531 # B Easy St.
Mtn. View, CA  94043

NOTE: Each tape is $8.50 (US dollars) and that includes sales tax (if you live in CA) and shipping to anywhere within the US. For orders outside the continental US, please send email to ray@prophezine.com and let him know where you live so that he can figure the shipping cost.

Payment types that are accepted:

* Personal Checks written from within the US (must clear the bank before shipping)

* Money Orders (Order will start to be processed the same day)

* International Money Orders (must be in US dollars with shipping/handling cost included)

In purchasing these tapes, you are helping PropheZine go further to spread the gospel and moreover, helping us put on more quality bible prophecy conferences all over the US and possibly in South Africa. Yep you heard it right, we are trying to put on a prophecy conference in South Africa!!!

I know that you will enjoy these FACT filled tapes. This would make a great Christmas present for all those Prophecy buffs you know, and for yourself as well...grin.

If you have any questions, please feel free to drop me an email. I will try to help you out with any questions that you might have.

In His service,

Ray Gano Publisher PropheZine Email: ray@prophezine.com Site Address: http://www.prophezine.com 
-------------------------------
PropheZine's Motto:

"Expect great things from God 
               Attempt great things for God."

 ------------------------------
"A tiny chip implanted inside  the human body to send and  receive radio messages, long a  popular delusion among  paranoids, is likely to be  marketed as a consumer item  early in the next century."

 CHICAGO TRIBUNE  May 7, 1996
 -------------------------------

To subscribe to the PropheZine newsletter for free, use our form at the PZ www site...

http://www.prophezine.com 




