

PropheZine # 38
April 3, 1997

Ray Gano...Welcome To PropheZine #38
Gene Cunningham.......The Eleveth Hour
Grant Jeffrey......25 Trees Found in the Torah Code
Tom Finley.......Jesus Is Coming Again Soon - The Sign Of The Temple 

PropheZine NewsBytes

	Lee Underwood .....F.Y.I. - Israel In The News
	Submitted by Jeanette Jennings....Lawmaker Suggests Guillotine For Fla.
	Terry Duschinski......Red Heifer Follow-up
	Do.......The teachings of The Heavens Gate Cult :::WARNING:::::
	Lori Fiechter .......Signs? What Signs?
	Todd Strandberg Rapture Index at a all time high
	art@fog.net.......Sex in Schools

The Final Word By Gary Kah / Ray Gano: A Message of Hope

*****************

Welcome To PropheZine #38

Hello everyone in Cyberland,

Once again here is your issue of PZ. I am sorry that the last few issues have been late. I am still searching for staff help. Doors have been opened to PZ and we are in the "waiting on the Lord" mode. We want to make sure that the direction we are taking is that of the Lord. So it has been hard keeping up on the newsletter, www site, and explore the new areas that we feel the Lord is directing us. So please be patient as we go through this period of growth. 

We also covet your prayers too. It seems that all the staff and I are having real hard times and that it seems the enemy is doing everything that he can to take up our valuable time. So if you can, please remember all of us in prayer. 

In this issue is some pretty good stuff man. Grant Jeffery has is giving us a sneak peek into his new book "Handwriting of God" that is coming out in Sept. 97. I am also pleased to continue Gene Cunningham's article called "The Eleventh Hour" which is about church persecution and preparing for it.  I also have included the Heavens Gate Belief with a VERY SERIOUS WARNING. THIS IS NOT TO BE READ BY THE YOUNG OR NON-CHRISTIAN AND IS STRICTLY FOR THE MATURE PERSON IN CHRIST!!! I found the writing VERY upsetting and Prayed and read the Word after doing so. I publish this though because we need to know what the enemy is teaching and be able to discern the truth when we see it and KNOW what is wrong when we see it. The writings of "Do" are VERY wrong. As many of you well know. Please read the warning I put before this article.

Now for some of the HOT news with PZ. We are going to start publishing news. This will be delivered to you via "Push Technology" If you have ever heard of "Pointcast" , that screen saver that has all the news and flashy pictures. That is a form of "push technology." We at PZ are looking into joining Intermind Communications (www.intermind.com) We are going to be given a "channel" to push the PZ news and world Events out to the rest of you and those who have never heard of PZ or the gospel. So to get a jump on this, go to the intermind www site and download the Intermind plug in so that you will be able to get PZ News, articles, and other items. 

NEXT HOT ITEM...It looks like PZ will hold it's first National Conference. This is still in the works as of now. The conference will be held on the Sept. 19, 20, 21 1997. This will be held in Alta Loma CA and will be hosted by PZ and Ron Graff of Prophecy Central (PZ alliance member) Scheduled to speak so far is Gary Kah, Berit Kjos, Steven Wright, Scott Pearson. 

Now what I need from you the PZ Reader. I need support. I need help in "sponsoring" a speaker. For example Scott Pearson lives in New York and will need a plane ticket to get out there. Speakers will need places to stay (sponsor homes or hosts) and a means of transportation to be driven to "point a to point b." I am also looking for PZ readers in the Southern California area to help spread the word about the conference and to help with anything else that may come up. So if you live in the Southern California area, please let me know. I am creating a special Email list for all of you. This is going to be a conference that is  going to require a lot of help and networking around. I am really trying to do this on a shoe string budget and really taking a step in faith that the Lord will provide. So any help anyone can offer, please let me know.  PZ nor I will be making a dime on this. I really feel led to do this and keep it as free as possible and provide the best speakers I can provide. 

Now what is going on with me. I am also starting my own business of doing www sites/ pages. If anyone out there needs a www site done, please contact me, I am working cheap to get some cash coming in.  Also if you of a church that needs a www site, I will do that for free. I do not have money right now and the Lord has given me a great gift to share with the body. So I am offering free web sites for churches and other certain ministries. Again you can contact me at ray@prophezine.com.  In opening my own business at home, I have had more time to spend on picking up the slack with PZ. Please keep me and my family in prayer in this area, we need it and this is the direction that the Lord has taken me at this time. 

Well I have to go, I hope you enjoy this issue of PZ. Let me know if you have any problems getting it. It seems that we have not worked out all the bugs completly yet. I look forward to hearing from you nad remember to tell people about PZ and that it is FREE and has tons of great information. See ya on the net!

In His serivce,
Ray Gano
PZ


*****************

EDITORS NOTE: I started this series with a article called "The Coming Persecution Of The New World Order," see issue PZ#36.  I am honored to continue Gene's series called The Eleventh Hour , which the first artilce was a part of. Gene maintains a www site called Bible Basic Training (http://www.cei.net/~jeffg/) Gene also has some wonderful liturature that is free for the asking. Jeff, Gene's www master, sent me of thier books, I have to say that I thought they were great! My favorite, and one that I now carry with me everywhere I go, is call Bible Basic Traings Field Manual. This is a 2"x 3" little book that covers a treasure of topics relating to Christians. This has helped me BIG time already. Thanks Jeff and Gene!!! Keep up the good work!!!

The Eleveth Hour
By: Gene Cunningham

The Divine Plan for Human History

The ground's of the believer's victory were laid out in the eternal plan of God. God has an invincible strategy for human history, and the focal point of His strategy is the Cross of Christ. As Christians, we must understand that it is not our to win the victory: the victory has already been won by Jesus Christ! God the Father revealed His invincible strategy for human history in tow conversations with the Son-the Incarnation conversation and the Ascension conversation.

The Incarnation Conversation: To Seek and Save the Lost

The Incarnation conversation took place at the virgin birth when the second member of the Godhead became flesh (Ps. 2:7, quoted in Heb. 1:5): "thou are My Son, Today I have begotten Thee." On the day Jesus was born, the heavenly Father revealed His eternal plan which called for Jesus Christ, the God-Man, to win the victory over sin and death for us. Hebrews 2:14-15 declares that, "since then the children share in flesh and blood, He Himself likewise also partook of the same, that through death He might render powerless him [Satan] who had the power of death, that is the devil and might deliver those who through fear of death were subject to slavery all their lives."

The Son's response to the Father's plan for saving mankind is given in Hebrews 10:5-7 (a quote from Psalm 40:6-7): "…Sacrifice and offering thou has not desired, but a body Thou hast prepared for Me; in whole burnt offerings and sacrifices for sin Thou has taken pleasure… 'Behold, I have come… to do Thy will, O God.'" The context of this passage deals with the ineffectiveness of animal sacrifice for salvation: "For it is impossible for the blood of bulls and goats to take away sins" (Heb. 10:4). In Old Testament times, priests use the Levitical sacrifices to teach God's plan of redemption to Israel. These blood offerings were not the means of salvation; they only anticipated the saving work of the Messiah, Jesus Christ, while He was on the Cross.

Since God cannot have contact with sin, and since God cannot die, Jesus Christ had to step down from heaven (2 Cor. 8:9; Phil 2:5-9) and become a man so He could become our Savior. As He walked this earth for 33 years, He dined with, prayed for, laughed with, cried over, taught, healed, forgave and saved sinful men and women. This was His mission, as He Himself declared in Luke 19:10: "The Son of Man has come to seek and save that which is lost." During His sojourn on this earth, He was tested and tempted as all people are, yet far beyond what we experience because He is the unique God-Man. Yet in all that time, He never sinned.

It was only on the Cross-as He was being judged for all the sinscommitted in human history-that He experienced sin firsthand. Second Corinthians 5:21 says, "God made Him [Christ] become sin for us, though He knew no sin, that we might become the righteousness of God in Him." When Jesus Christ cried out "My God, My God, why hast Thou forsaken Me?" (Matt. 27:46), He was expressing the pain of being spiritually separated from God. But when He cried out, "It is finished" (John 19:30), He was proclaiming His victory over Satan, sin, and death-a victory that opened the way for reconciliation between God and man.

What made Jesus Christ willing to endure the Cross? Hebrews 12:2 tells us that it was "for the joy set before Him [that He] endured the cross, despising the shame…" I believe that Jesus Christ found Joy in anticipating how He could share eternal life-and all the blessings of the kingdom of God-with those who believe in Him  (John 1:12; 3:16; Acts 16:31). In other words, if you are a child of God, He not only had you in mind as He paid the debt for your sins, but the thought of your presence in eternity gave Him strength to endure the Cross!
 
Jesus Christ's reward for following the Father's plan for the Incarnation is seen in Psalm 2:8: "Ask of Me, and I will surely give the nations as Thine inheritance, and the very ends of the earth as Thy possession." Thus, not only did Jesus Christ defeat Satan, sin, and death at the Cross, He also regained the dominion of the earth lost by Adam in the garden of Eden. We see the implications of His victory in a second message between God the Father and God the Son, the Ascension Conversation.

The Ascension Conversation: Operation Footstool

The Ascension conversation took place 40 days after Jesus walked out of His own tomb and ascended into the presence of the Father. At that moment, God the Father said to the Son, [Sit] at My right hand, until I make Thine enemies a footstool for Thy feet" (Heb. 1:13; Ps. 110:1). Though Jesus Christ won the war, He has not yet claimed His prize. The word "until" signifies that He will remain seated in heaven until "Operation Footstool" is complete; then, Jesus Christ will arise and come for His Church at the Rapture.  (1Thess. 4:13-18)

The "Footstool" concept comes from an ancient battlefield tradition where the conquering king would place his foot on the neck of his defeated foe (Josh. 10:24-26; 2 Sam. 22:41). This passage makes it clear that Christ's enemies are made His footstool during the Church Age; the question is "How?" Christ gave us the answer in Acts 1:8- "You shall be My witnesses" --and in Matthew 28:19-"Go therefore and make disciples of all the nations." While the resurrection and ascension of Jesus Christ is the victory, the preaching of the gospel message (1 Cor. 15:1-4) is the means of spreading that victory. Thus, as Christians proclaim the gospel, we subdue God's enemies.

How many Christians are subduing Christ's enemies under His feet? Unfortunately, very few. Most believers don't know their purpose for living; few understand that they are born again into a spiritual battle for the souls of men and women. They don't understand that every unbeliever in the world is a prisoner-of-war held by Satan, or that every Christian is to be a "divine commando" on a rescue mission. For when an unbeliever trusts in Jesus as savior, Satan fells the Lord's foot on his neck!

No one knows how long the Church Age will last, how long it will take for Operation Footstool to be finished, how long it will be before Jesus Christ returns to claim His victory prize, the Church. But a very ancient teaching form Psalm 110:1 and Colossians 2:5 held that the number of believers in the Church Age would equal the number of Satan's fallen angels. So when the last person is led to Jesus Christ; He will stand up and call His Church home.

Until the Rapture occurs, believers have a mission to fulfill: we must study, prepare, equip, and train ourselves so we can communicate the message of the gospel clearly and simply-especially now in the hour of testing. In this hour, Jesus Christ has promised that He will give faithful, motivated believers "an open door which no one can shut" (Rev. 3:8). The issue, therefore, is never opportunity, but our willingness to participate in battle and share in the victory through our obedience to God's Word.

The Divine Imperatives

God's strategy for human history carries with it three divine imperatives, one for the unbeliever and two for the Christian. To the unsaved, Acts 4:12 declares, "and there is salvation in no one else [than Jesus Christ]; for there is no other name under heaven that has been given among men by which we MUST be saved." Jesus Christ said of Himself, "'I am the way, and the truth, and the life; no one comes to the Father, but through Me'" (John 14:6). And Paul and Silas answered the most important question a man can ask-"'Sirs, what must I do to be saved?'"-with the simplest of instructions: "'Believe in the Lord Jesus, and you shall be saved…'"(Acts 16:30-31). Thus, no unbeliever can hope to gain eternal life apart from obedience to the divine command to trust in Jesus Christ. The consequences of disobedience to the first divine command are high: "'He who believes in the Son has eternal life; but he who does not obey the Son shall not see life, but the wrath of God abides on him.'" (John 3:36).

AS YOU READ THIS, IF YOU HAVE NEVER TRUSTED IN JESUS CHRIST AS YOUR PERSONAL SAVIOR, YOU CAN DO SO RIGHT NOW BY BELIEVING IN HIM. THE GOSPEL MESSAGE IS A SIMPLE ONE: "CHRIST DIED FOR OUR SINS…[AND] WAS BURIED, AND… WAS RAISED ON THE THIRD DAY" (1 Cor. 15:3-4). IF YOU BELIEVE THIS, THEN YOU HAVE ETERNAL LIFE.

Once we have placed out faith in Jesus Christ, there are hundreds of commands in scripture that we are supposed to obey. But in Matthew 22:37-39, Jesus Christ identified the two greatest: "'You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, and with all your soul and with all your mind… [and] you shall love your neighbor as yourself.'" First, we demonstrate our love for God by obeying His commandments (John 1:21), not grudgingly or mechanically, but from a genuine appreciation for how He has loved us.

The standard by which we love other people is best expressed in 1 Corinthians 13:4-8:

"Love is patient, love is kind, and is not jealous; love does not brag and is not arrogant, does not act unbecomingly; it does not seek its own, is not provoked, does not take into account a wrong suffered, does not rejoice in unrighteousness, but rejoices with the truth; bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things. Love never fails…"

Specifically, we demonstrate our love for unbelievers by proclaiming the gospel message with both our lips and our lives, eagerly sharing the salvation we have received from God with them. Like Paul, we are compelled by our love for Jesus Christ to be effective witnesses, no longer living for ourselves, but living for Him (2 Cor. 5:14-15). We demonstrate our love for other Christians by our active participation in the body of Christ. In Hebrews 10:24-25, we are commanded to assemble with other believers to encourage on another in "love and good deeds." Jesus Christ wasn't a spiritual "Lone Ranger" attempting to live out the Father's plan in isolation. He was known for His love for other people, just as He said we would be known as His disciples by our love for one another (John 13:34-35).

As Christians, we can disobey the divine imperatives and live our lives outside God's will-our only hope for eternity grounded in Christ's love and faithfulness, even to the faithless (Rom. 8:38-39; 2 Tim. 2:13). But clearly, God wants us to choose the path of complete and total commitment to Him. We hear this in the words of Christ who said, "'If anyone wishes to come after Me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow Me. For whoever wishes to save his life shall lose it; but whoever loses his life for My sake and the gospel's shall save it.'" (Mark 8:34-35).

When we choose to obey God, we set our feet on a costly path. Jesus Christ told His disciples, "'A slave is not greater than his master. If they persecuted Me, they will also persecute you…'"  (John 15:20). In 2 Timothy 3:10-12, Paul reminds Timothy of what his love and obedience tot he Lord cost him, and what faithful believers can expect it to cost them:

…[You] followed My teaching, conduct, purpose, faith, patience, love, perseverance, persecutions, and sufferings, such as happened to me at Antioch, at Iconium and at Lystra; what persecutions I endured, and out of them all the Lord delivered me! And indeed, all who desire to live godly in Christ Jesus will be persecuted."

To see how Paul was delivered, read Acts 13:48-52 (Antioch); 14:1-5 (Iconium); and 14:6-7, 19-22 (Lystra). In these passages, we see the increasing hostility Paul faced, leading step-by-step to his stoning. In what way, then, did God deliver Paul out of afflictions? Not by keeping him from them, but by faithfully carrying him through them so he could accomplish Christ's calling. While Paul uses his experience to want Christians that they will face persecution, he emphatically declares that the Lord delivered him "out of" all his afflictions. The word "delivered" is rhuomai, a strong word which means "to rescue, to snatch out of." Paul then uses the preposition ek, the same word found in Revelation 3:10 to show deliverance through, not from his afflictions.

Within the context of Paul's story, we see two other statements that are also echoed in the promise of Revelation 3:10. After he was stoned in Lystra, Paul returned to the city and continued to preach, "strengthening souls of the disciples, encouraging them to continue in the faith, and saying, 'though many tribulations we must enter the Kingdom of God'" (Acts 14:22). As a result of his faithfulness, Paul was able to testify how God "had opened a door of faith to the Gentiles" (Acts 14:27). Jesus Christ promises Christians living in the hour of testing the same "open doors" to witness for Him even when the world hates and opposes us at every turn.

The doctrine of persecution is not a popular one in our day, especially in the Western Church which has known such tremendous freedom of religion. And while more than 300,000 Christians a year die for their faith in other parts of the world, we in the West have foolishly denied that it can happen here. Western Christians are too often taught a "prosperity gospel" which falsely claims that God will "never let anything bad happen to His children." This prosperity gospel appeals to those who want a faith that promises them everything and costs them nothing-not their freedom, their wealth, their reputations, their comfort, or their lives. Those who fall for this lie have only a superficial, self-seeking "faith"-one which cannot stand up to the realities of the spiritual combat in the devil's world. These are the Christians who choose to sit on the sidelines of the spiritual battle, remaining silent rather that risking the world's censure. Satan is pleased with their passivity, for they are doing nothing to subdue Christ's enemies under His feet!

In contrast, when we study the lives of faithful men and women throughout history and Scripture )such as those mentioned in Hebrews 11), we see how their faith was tested and refined by persecution. Repeatedly, the writers of Scripture teach that the world hated Jesus Christ, and, therefore, hates all those who follow Him. But rather that seeing persecution as something to fear, they see it as a blessing. Paul writes that the believer has been "granted for Christ's sake, not only to believe in Him, but also to suffer for His sake" (Phil. 1:29). Peter asserts that those who "suffer for the sake of righteousness…are blessed." And he admonishes believers, "do not fear…[but] sanctify Christ as Lord in your hearts, always being ready to make a defense to everyone who asks you to give an account for the hope that is in you…" (1 Pet. 3:14-15).
 
The path to loving God with all your heart, soul, and mind is a path through persecution, one where believers are assured that they can be victors-or overcomers-over the enemy. The key to victory is found in Revelation 12:11" "And they overcame him  [Satan] because of the blood of the Lamb and because of the wordof their testimony, and they did not love their life even to death."

First, believers have victory "because of the blood of the Lamb": They have trusted Jesus Christ for eternal salvation. Second, they have victory "because of the word of their testimony": they are witnesses to the truth of God's Word. Finally, they have victory because "they [do] not love their life even to death": they are willing to die for their faith rather than deny Jesus and escape persecution.

One of the most familiar "overcomers" in the New Testament is Stephen, the first martyr of the church (Acts 7). After he made his appeal for his countrymen to believe in Jesus Christ, they began to stone him (vs. 54-60). Yet as they were killing him, he saw a vision of "the Son of man standing at the right hand of God"  (vs. 56). Not seated, but standing in honor of his faithful witness! In this moment God revealed through Stephen just what is required for Jesus' enemies to be subdued: it takes fearless and effective evangelism, even at the cost of one's life. This is the model Christians living in the hour of testing must keep in mind as we are given opportunities to be effective witnesses in an increasingly hostile world. We must also hold tenaciously to our belief that in God's plan, persecution plays a vital role in our individual spiritual growth and in furthering the cause of Christ in the world.

Preparation For Persecution

If you accept that persecution is coming (and if not, God help you!), then how can you prepare? Many people today are making "survival precautions": stockpiling food and water, medicines, weapons and ammunition-even building survival retreats. While these may have value if you are preparing for social upheaval or warfare, they do NOT relate to preparing for persecution. Preparation for persecution is spiritual, not material. It involves not the acquiring of material things, but the "letting go" of things-if only mentally. The only "stockpiling" that will count in the hour of testing takes place in the soul with the Word of God. Accordingly, there are several steps Christians can take to prepare spiritually.

BE CONTENT - In an unhappy world, Christians need to learn the power of being content. Paul calls contentment his "spiritual secret" in Philippians 4:11-13. The word "secret" in that passage speaks of personal insight and privileged information granted to a select few. The word "mueo" speaks of lessons learned through rigorous preparation and initiation too demanding for most. Consider the list Paul gives in 2 Corinthians 11:23-33 as a few of the rites of initiation he went through. Paul was beaten, stoned, shipwrecked, and imprisoned; he was in constant danger from both men and nature; and he was hungry, thirsty, and cold more often than he could count. Yet in everything, he was content.

Contentment is learned from God; and it develops as we learn to trust in the person, plan, and promises of God. God loves us infinitely (Eph. 2:4). His plan always works for our good  (Rom. 8:28), and His promises are certain (Heb. 6:17-19). These truths lay a foundation for our being content. Ultimately, being content means possessing a "spiritual self-sufficiency" by which we can, through God's grace and strength, adapt to an circumstance (Phil. 4:13; 1 Tim. 6:6-8)

FOCUS ON THE SPIRITUAL - As believers, we live in a paradox that expresses both our physical and spiritual natures. We are "in the world but not of the world" (John 17:11,16). We must live as "citizens of heaven" (Phil. 3:20), but as "strangers and aliens" on this earth (1 Pet. 2:11). Accordingly, each of us knows just how difficult it is to keep our focus on spiritual values and objectives when the daily pressures of life crowd in and demand our immediate attention. We must spend time working to earn enough money to feed, clothe, and shelter or families; we must spend time developing relationships by demonstrating our love to family members and friends. Often, our daily list of "things to do" threatens to crowd out our time of prayer and fellowship with God. Thus, we have to make a disciplined, faithful effort each day to take refuge in God so we can be restored, refreshed, and refocused spiritually.

Focusing on the spiritual means keeping our eyes on Jesus Christ (Heb. 12:2) and by living daily in the Word of God. We must seek His presence in prayer, study His life in the Gospels, and conform to His character as revealed in the Epistles. We should also memorize scripture for personal comfort and witnessing.

What if you were locked in a detention camp, as I believe many in our generation will be? Without a Bible, what would you remember of the Word of God to give you strength? What would you call forth from the recesses of your soul as a witness to others? Preparation demands stockpiling the Word of God, as we see demonstrated by the writer of Psalm 119, who spoke so eloquently about the sustaining power of God's Word while he was a prisoner of the Babylonians: "Thy word is a lamp to my feet, and a light to my path" (vs. 105)… "The wicked have laid a snare for me, yet I have not gone astray from Thy precepts" (vs. 110)… "Thou are my hiding place and my shield; I wait for Thy word" (vs. 114).

When we hurt, the healing salve of God's remembered Word soothes our troubled souls. God speaks and comforts us through His Word and we learn to be a comfort to others (2 Cor. 1:3-5). As we spend our days focusing on the spiritual, we are laying up resources that will both comfort us and others in the difficult days ahead.

BE SENSITIVE TO THE SPIRIT OF GOD - When Elijah was at Mt. Horeb, he heard the "still, small voice of God" (1 Kings 19:12). I am convinced that our spiritual stability and effectiveness in the coming days will require that we, too, be able to hear that voice. Can you discern the spirit's voice from all the confusion of public opinion and the well-meaning counsel of friends and family? It is essential that you be able to. But this sensitivity can only be developed over time through day-by-day intimacy with the Lord.

How do we cultivate a spirit sensitive to the Spirit of God? Through the filling of the Holy Spirit, which empowers us: through spending time in God's Word, which transforms us; through prayer and meditation, which enables us to "get quiet" long enough to hear His voice. We must learn to pray and seek His guidance in all areas of our lives-remembering that nothing is too small of insignificant for God to care about, nor too large for Him to be troubled by.

As we seek His leading, the Holy Spirit will make us sensitive to circumstances so that we will be able to make good decisions in times of crisis. He will enable us to decide quickly and decisively when to take a stand, when to flee, where to go. Answers to these types of questions can only come form the Spirit of God to each individual. In the days ahead, you won't be able to live according to some neatly defined list of do's and don'ts. Therefore, you must develop by prayer, study, and practice deep spiritual sensitivity.

If we will seek it, the Holy Spirit will also make us sensitive to others-prompting our ministry to other people, bringing them to mind so we will pray for them-even if we don't know why we are praying. So for ourselves, and for those we love, we must stay alert in order to fulfill ou mission in the hour of testing. "But keep on the alert at all times, praying in order that you may have strength to escape all these things that are about to take place…" (Like 21:36).

This sensitivity to the Spirit's leading will also give us peace-a rest for our souls-in the hour of testing. When we read the newspaper or watch the nightly news on television, it's easy to become angry and fearful. We see all the evil in our society, and we either want to hide from it or seek human viewpoint solutions that are doomed to fail. In our day as never before, we need to remember that God is in control of human history, and that He is allowing evil to run its course. This doesn't mean that we're to be apathetic and unconcerned; through our witness, we're to demonstrate our utmost concern for the fate of individuals who will be lost for all eternity without Jesus Christ.

ESCAPE AND EVADE - Matthew 10:16, 23 says, "Behold, I send you out as sheep in the midst of wolves; therefore be shrewd as serpents, and innocent as doves… But whenever they persecute you in this city, flee to the next…" A sheep in the midst of wolves will be killed; its only chance for survival is through escape and evasion. The Christian army is behind enemy lines, and our battle is one of wits, not weapons: "For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war according to the flesh, for the weapons of our warfare are not of the flesh, but divinely powerful for the destruction of fortresses" (2 Cor. 10:3-4). We are engaged in unconventional warfare; and we must think "escape and evade" like Christians in the early Church-or like believers today living under hostile political and religious regimes.

In our day, the Western Church is suffering form the "Christian celebrity syndrome" where believers seek to publicize all that they do. They don't understand how publicity works for the enemy, how increased attention brings increased opposition. Instead, they need to keep a low-profile, quietly fighting for the souls of men one soul at a time.

If escape and evasion sounds like cowardice, then consider some Biblical examples. Mark 3:5-7 is just one incident where Jesus used escape and evasion tactics when His enemies sought to kill Him. In 2 Corinthians 11:32-33, Paul escaped by being lowered down the wall in a basket. And in Acts 16:16-21, we see how Paul avoided attracting attention by casting a loud-mouth demon out of a salve girl. Escape and evasion is not cowardice, but wisdom. Our goal is not survival but living to fight another day on another battlefield until the Lord tells us to stop. Remember, in the garden of Gethsemane, Christ did not try to escape His enemies: He allowed Himself to be arrested and then crucified so "'…the Scriptures of the prophets [could] be fulfilled'" (Matt. 26:56). If we have lived our lives committed to God's call and sensitive to the leading of the Holy Spirit, we will-like Jesus-know when to use escape and evasion tactics and when to stand. And like Christ we will, if necessary, be witnesses unto death for the greater glory of God.

SIMPLIFY YOUR LIFE - The Biblical word for "single-mindedness" is related to simplicity: to be single-minded, we must simplify our lifestyle. This does not mean we're to become ascetics, giving up all of life's comforts. But there are a multitude of ways-great and small-in which we can simplify our lives. The benefits are as far reaching as eliminating mental stress, developing a healthier life-style, and having economic freedom. Consider a few examples:

+ Instead of driving, walk to the store or ride a bicycle to work.

+ Instead of an expensive night out on the town, let your recreation be walking, conversing with friends, or reading a good book.

+ Instead of making a long-distance phone call, write a letter.

+ Instead of filling up on junk foods and soda pop, eat more fresh fruits and vegetables, and drink water.

American Christians seem to have no trouble building bigger, better churches, driving the latest cars, and enjoying an endless round of social and recreational activities. Yet believers in Africa and India meet outside with one or two Bibles to a congregation. To me, this is a disgrace! And I firmly believe that God will soon teach American Christians how to live in privation, as our brothers and sisters in third world countries know so well.

FOLLOW DAILY DISCIPLINES - America is an unfit nation because we seem to have forgotten the value of discipline in all areas of life. But the wonderful thing about discipline is that consistency, not intensity, pays the greatest rewards: so the key to being fit is following "daily" disciplines. To be spiritually fit, you must daily study God's Word, pray, and serve according to your spiritual gift. To be physically fit, you need a exercise program that you follow consistently, not hit or miss. You don't have to become a fitness addict; but a regular pattern of exercises (for example, walking 20-30 minutes a day can yield great health benefits for anyone. To be economically free, learn to buy not what you want, but only what you need. (In an advertisement-saturated society-, you may have to adjust your thinking to determine the difference between wants and needs!) In times of economic upheaval, "the debtor is slave to the lender", thus, it is wise to get out of debt as quickly as you can.

IDENTIFY LIKE-MINDED BELIEVERS - We al benefit by the strengths-and help compensate for the weaknesses of-other believers; this is the idea behind "fellowship" in the local church. Hebrews 10:24-25 says, "…let us consider how to stimulate one another to love and good deeds, not forsaking our own assembling together, as is the habit of some, but encourage one another; and all the more, as you see the day drawing near." The issue is note a rote attendance in your local church once or twice a week. The issue is fellowship, establishing genuine friendships and co-ministries with other like-minded Christians.

Never will Christian fellowship be more important than in the hour of testing when, I believe, the "Philadelphian" church may become a home-based, underground church so common in church history. Never will our relationships with other Christians be more valued; but never will they be more potentially dangerous since many will betray one another to save themselves.

Where do you find other like-minded believers? Hopefully, in your local church. Pastors, leaders, Sunday school teachers, members of your home Bible-study class, your prayer group, or the missions' committee-wherever there are people in your church using their spiritual gifts in ways big and small. Seek them out, strike up a conversation, become a colaborer in their ministry.

But you may find, as Jesus did, that like-minded believers are often bound outside "religious" circles. It wasn't the Pharisees and the Sadducees who flocked to Christ, but the "street people" of His day: so much so that He was known by His critics as the friend of the prostitutes, tax-collectors, and sinners! So don't limit yourself to cultivating friendships only among church-goers. Realize that the majority of Christians today do not attend a local church. While some stay away because of spiritual apathy an indifference, others have been driven out of local churches by attitudes of self-righteousness and judgmentalism. Many of these believers want to study God's Word, desire to serve God, and love Jesus Christ: they just don't trust churches. Some are rough-cut and unpolished, perhaps living in a sub-culture or on society's fringes; so your first reaction may be to avoid them. But if you are flexible enough, you may develop an appreciation for those who "don't fit" in the days ahead. Why? Because the "street smarts" of some of God's scruffy children just may be the key to your daily survival! When your safety or daily food depends on someone who has lived in life's rough lane, you will then be able to look beyond the unwashed face and dirty clothes to see the pure, clean soul and genuine love of one of God's children.

BE PERCEPTIVE - We must all be able to see beyond circumstances of warfare, social and economic collapse, or even imprisonment to see the Plan of God at work in our lives. From his Roman prison cell, Paul wrote in Philippians 1:12, "Now I want you to know, brethren, that m circumstances have turned out for greater progress of the gospel." The great Apostle was able to see God's hand at work in every circumstance. Isn't this what Genesis 50:20 and Romans 8:28 mean? God designs everything in our lives for blessing; we must believe this truth even when the surface of life seems to contradict it.

Throughout history, faithful men and women have been afflicted; and yet they have found in their afflictions a spiritual insight and intimacy with the Lord not possible in peaceful circumstances. Job testifies to this when he says' I have heard of Thee by the hearing of the ear; but now my eye sees Thee" (Job 42:5). And the captive who wrote Psalm 119 saw this in verses 71 and 75: "It is good for me that I was afflicted, that I may learn Thy statutes…I know, O Lord, that Thy judgments are righteous, and that in faithfulness Thou has afflicted me."

One prisoner wrote me recently stating how blessed he felt to be in prison where, undistracted by the world, he could study and grow in the Word of God. He said, "this is the freest I've ever been!" Even returning prisoners of war have testified to missing the single-minded spiritual perception which prison camp enforced on them. Many excellent books have been written by Christians show endured Nazi, Japanese, Russian, and Vietnamese prison camps. I highly recommend that you begin to collect and study these books because the lessons these men and women learned may one day prove priceless.

LEARN TO ENDURE- Adversity wears many faces: crushing circumstances beyond our control, opposition and hostility from people, physical illnesses, disappointments in our careers or in our relationships, even the life-shattering consequences of our failures. How do we find victory-even joy-in the midst of life's trials? We must learn to endure.

If there is a single key to victory in the Christian life, especially during the hour of testing, it's endurance. Endurance is a key factor in our spiritual growth (Rom. 5:1-5), in our receiving blessings in time (Heb. 10:36; James 5:11), and in our receiving eternal rewards (James 1:12). For these reasons, the writers of Scripture saw the trials of faith that produce endurance as something to rejoice in, not fear. James writes, "Consider it all joy, my brethren, when you encounter various trials, knowing that the testing of you faith produces endurance. And let endurance have its perfect result, that you may be perfect and complete, lacking in nothing." (James 1:2-3)

When God allows adversity in our lives, the one thing He wants to see in us is endurance, for in enduring, we please Him (Heb. 10:38). Too often, we only want to be delivered from our problems. Instead, we must understand that it is God's job to deliver us through them: it is our job to endure until He does. How do we build endurance? Isaiah 40:31 tells us that "…those who wait for the Lord will gain new strength;they will mount up with wings like eagles, they will run and not get tired, they will walk and not become weary." The word for "wait" is qawah, the strongest Hebrew word for faith. It's a word picture for making rope: frail, easily broken threads are woven together into unbreakable cords. Qawah-or waiting on the Lord-is the endurance we develop as we weave together promises, principles, and doctrines from the Word of God into an unbreakable rope of faith. We endure, therefore, by exercising our faith in who and what God is. In the midst of our trials-especially when we are confused about what God is doing-we must steadfastly "walk by faith, not by sight" (2 Cor. 5:7). We can only endure if we trust in God's love for us (Rom. 8:38-39), in His steadfast presence (Psalm 23:4; Isa. 41:10; Heb. 13:5), and in His desire for our ultimate blessing (Jer. 29:11; Rom. 8:28).

We must also understand that endurance is only built up by going beyond our limits. While God promises never to give us more than we can bear (1 Cor. 10:13), He will bring us to an end of our human strength and manipulations to a place where we must rely solely on His power and provision. When we rely o God, we become spiritually invincible in the battle: our lines of communication with the Father can never be cut, our limes of supply can never run dry, and the enemy can never defeat us. When we rely on God, we "overwhelmingly conquer through Him who loved us" (Rom. 8:37).
 
In the hour of testing, it is imperative that we follow the examples of so may "heroes of faith" who have preceded us in the battle. Hebrews 11 is filled with such examples; but one of the most familiar is Moses, who by faith, chose to "endure ill-treatment with the people of God…[rather] than to enjoy the passing pleasures of sin" and who "endured, as seeing Him who is unseen" (Heb. 11:24-27). We must follow the admonition found in Hebrews 12:1-2: "let us run with endurance the race that is set before us, fixing our eyes on Jesus, the author and perfecter of faith…" The only path to victory in the spiritual battle, joy in the life, and rewards in eternity is the path of endurance.

The Purpose Of Persecution

"…[The] people who know their God will display strength and take action. And those who have insight and among the people will give understanding to the many… And some of those who have insight will fall, in order to refine, purge, and make them pure, until the end time…" (Dan. 11:32-33,35)

Though this passage refers to events in the Tribulation, its principles apply to Church age believers. The context speaks of a severe persecution which will "refine, purge, and make them  [believers] pure" (vs. 35) and stimulate them to "take action"  (vs. 32). While it was Jesus' master plan that the gospel go forth from "Jerusalem, and in all Judea, and Samaria, and even to the remotest part of the earth" (Acts 1:8), both Scripture and history testify to the fact that the early church was negligent in this task. But God has a plan to remedy their neglect.

Because of a zealous Pharisee named Saul of Tarsus, a severe persecution came about, with far-flung consequences for the early Church: "Those who had been scattered went about preaching the Word" (Acts 8:4). Later, after his encounter with Jesus on the Damascus road, Saul of Tarsus became the Apostle Paul, the driving force of first century missions and the chief target of the persecutions he himself ignited.
 
Persecution has always purified the Church and spread the gospel message. During times of persecution, all the petty arguments, divisions, and distractions lose their appeal. Under persecution, Christians realize the value of every member of the body of Christ. Brothers and sisters in Christ pull together to oppose their real enemy, Satan. And when this happens the world is treated to the greatest witness of all-the love of Jesus Christ as manifested through His followers; "By this all men will know that you are My disciples, if you have love for one another" (John 13:35).
 
As the New World Order opens a flood-gate of persecutions agains Christians, the Church will be refined and individual believers will come to know the Lord in a deeper way. Out of their spiritual intimacy with Christ, these believers will "display strength" of the Spirit of God, and they will "take action" so as to "give insight to many" in the way of salvation.

Daniel 12:3 offers these encouraging words to this faithful remnant:: "And those who have insight will shine brightly like the brightness of the expanse of heaven, and those who lead the many to righteousness, like the stars forever and ever." In order to be such a shining example of Christ, we must make our decisions NOW to prepare for what is about to take place. We must be willing to be refined so that we will have a greater zeal for lost souls. Living in these times of increasing spiritual darkness, we should all desire to mightily display the glorious light of the Gospel of Jesus Christ to every person we come into contact with.

Conclusion

In Matthew 24, Jesus' disciples asked him about events that would signal "the end of the age." His reply was a warning for them not to be misled and not to fear, one of the most repeated commands in Scripture. Faith leaves no room for fear; therefore, don't be afraid of what you might have to face in the hour of testing. Whatever occurs, remember that these things MUST happen as the Church Age comes to a close. Simply trust God, who has guaranteed victory to those how will rely on Him:

"Do not fear, for I have redeemed you; I have called you by My name; you are Mine! When you pass through the waters, I will be with you; and through the rivers, they will not overflow you. When you walk through the fire, you will not be scorched, or will the flame burn you. For I am the Lord your God, the Holy One of Israel, your Savior." (Isa. 43:1-3)

To write Jeff  in the US 

Bible Basic Training
po Box 8136 
Hot Springs, AR 71910

or 

Bible Basic Training
PO Box 594
Kalamunda 6074
Western Australia

Tell them that you read it in PZ.

********************

EDITORS NOTE: This is a letter / article that Grant Jeffrey sent to me a week or so ago. I am honored in sharing it with you. I also want to take this time to thank Grant for allowing PropheZine to share this great information with its readers and to be "privy" to a peek at your new book "Handwriting of God." When his book comes out, I will ensure that you the PZ reader will know the date.

Ray

You may use this information on your site if you like. It will appear in my next book, The Handwriting of God, that will be published in Sept. 1997.
  
Torah Codes 
(25 Trees Found in Genesis 2 to Genesis 3:3)

Interval Between            Names of Trees
Hebrew Letters

 -6   				grape

 -18   				vine 

 6   				aloe 

 44   				chestnut

 -3  				dense forest

 5   				date

 -3    				accacia

 7    				bramble

 -5    				cedar

 13      				nut

 14     				fig

 -15     			willow

 8      				pomegranate

 2     				tamarisk

 17     				oak

 -85     			poplar 

 7    				cassia 

 5     				almond 

 -2    				mastic

 9    				thorn bush

 -13    			hazel

 3    				 olive

 -3     				citron 

 8    				fir

 5  				 wheat   

(Rabbis claimed this name was not "wheat" as we know it today. They apply it to "the tree of knowledge")  

In addition, remember that additional codes, including "Yeshua," "Torah," and 17 animals are also found encoded in this same chapter. Also, as noted in The Signature of God, the word "Eden" is encoded 16 times in this chapter in the small portion of the text between Gen. 2:4-10. Additional codes also appear. It is virtually impossible that any human could have included so many overlapping "wheels within wheels" encoded words in a passage that describes a story in a seemingly simple grammar and sentence form. Note that the passage reveals no strange pattern of words or grammar to facilitate the inclusion of such embedded codes. Only the supernatural mind of God, the great mathematician who created D.N.A. and this complex universe could possibly produce such encoded words in a message that also qualifies as great literature.

Anyone who examines the evidence with an unbiased mind will quickly affirm that these complex codes reveal supernatural evidence that only the mind of God could possibly produce this incredible phenomenon.

Ray, I believe that it is vital that every single presentation of the Hebrew Codes include the following four cautions:

1) The codes only appear in the original Massoretic Hebrew text of the Old Testament, not the English KJV, etc.

2) This phenomenon is not numerology. Webster's Dictionary defines "numerology" as "the study of the occult significance of numbers." I, and all other reputable scholars, reject numerolgy or any form of divination as forbidden by God. Numerology is subjective and arbitrary and is indulged in by those who seek "secret messages" from God. This phenomenon has nothing to do with the "occult significance of numbers." Anyone with a computer program or a Hebrew Bible can verify that the codes exist. There are no secret theological messages or sentences that are revealed by the codes. Rather, the phenomenon of the Hebrew Codes simply reveals a complex pattern of information, words revealing places, names and occasionally dates, that could be known only by God. Furthermore, the complex nature of the encoded material, such as the 25 trees encoded in Gen. 2, displays a pattern of "wheels within wheels" of codes that would be virtually impossible for any human to produce in any reasonable period of time. 

3) Lastly, the phenomenon of the Hebrew Codes cannot be used to determine future events or to predict who the Antichrist is, etc. God clearly forbids His servants to engage in fortune telling or "divination" in many verses. Something must happen historically before we can search with the computer program to verify whether or not the particular meaningful word is there or not. As an example, you could not have used the codes to predict anything about Hitler if you had possessed a computer and knew about the codes back in 1920. Hitler was an obscure young man, whose real name was Alois Schicklgruber, who was a failure as a painter. The obscure village of Auschwitz was equally unknown. The word Holocaust was almost unknown. In other words, you could not have found out anything about Hitler's evil career because you would not have known what words to place into the computer program as target words to search for. Until an event occurs, it remains unknowable. However, after the future event occurs, we can ask the computer program to search to see whether or not the particular word occurs in the Bible. Then we can look for additional related words in the same "cluster" or passage to see if any pattern occurs. In other words, we cannot, and should not, use the Hebrew Codes to try and determine the hidden identity of the Antichrist or any other future event.

4)  The discovery by my friend Yacov Rambsel of the appearance of the name Yeshua in virtually every single Messianic prophecy in the Old Testament reveals two things. A) God has clearly identified His Messiah to both the Jews and the Gentiles through the encoded words revealing Yeshua-Jesus in these key Messianic prophecies. B) The revelation that the name Yeshua is revealed hundreds of times in these key Messianic prophecies acts as God's "seal of approval" on this phenomenon as something that is both genuine and honoring to God. Any phenomenon that lifts up the name of Jesus-Yeshua as the Son of God cannot possibly come from any other source than God Himself. The whole of Scriptures reveals the truth that Jesus - Yeshua is the Lord - God Almighty. 1 Cor. 12:3 declares: "Wherefore I give you to understand, that no man speaking by the Spirit of God calleth Jesus accursed: and that no man can say that Jesus is the Lord, but by the Holy Ghost." The codes reveal Yeshua-Jesus as Lord repeatedly as the Lord, the Messiah, and "the atoning blood of Yeshua."

These four cautions will put the phenomenon of the Hebrew Codes in a context that will allow conservative Christians to understand that, while the phenomenon is extraordinary, it is genuine and truly "lifts up the name of Jesus."

Why have the codes been discovered now? No other generation needed the evidence from these extraordinary codes to prove the inspiration and authority of Scripture. In addition, no other generation possessed the sophisticated computer programs that allowed us to find the codes and verify their importance. 

Ray, you may use this information as you wish in connection with these codes.

Yours in Christ,
Grant Jeffrey 

*************************

Jesus Is Coming Again Soon - The Sign Of The Temple 
by Tom Finley

The evidence points to Jesus coming again very soon!

An Illustration

Suppose day after day you commute to work and you pass an empty parcel of land along the way. Apparently, it seems as if this idle lot has been overlooked by developers and nothing will ever be built there. Then one day as you approach that spot you notice a huge sign has been erected stating that a new strip shopping center is coming soon. Around the edges of the lot little orange survey flags catch your eye. "How about that", you say to yourself, "someone is going to do something with that land after all." A week later as you drive by you see powerful bulldozers grading the land in preparation for construction. Then, within eight months, the grand opening of the new shopping center takes place. Preceding the huge sign, though, were many behind the scenes activities. Buyer and seller negotiations, financing arrangements, architect's drawings, preleasing activities, construction contracts and permits and related activity were all occurring. Thus, the on site construction was only the final outward evidence that preparations for the building had already been in the works for some time.


So it is with one of the greatest evidences of the soon coming of the Lord Jesus Christ - the rebuilt Jewish Temple in Jerusalem. This Temple, complete with its sacrificial system, will come on the scene in Jerusalem rather suddenly. Its appearance will signal that we are on the verge of the Antichrist's reign of terror (the time of the "great tribulation"; Matt.24:15, 21), which is just precedent to the bodily return of Jesus Christ to earth. This article will examine the compelling proof that preparations for a rebuilt Temple are well underway. Those with insight will see that these activities are not fortuitous or coincidental. God is orchestrating these events in order to fulfill His Word and bring human history as we know it to a conclusion.

Let us first look at Scriptures that tell us of a reconstructed Temple at the end of this age. Interestingly, Jesus begins His famous prophecies of the end time in Matthew 24 with a discussion centered on King Herod's elaborate Temple complex. Jesus prophesied that this Temple would be utterly destroyed. That prediction was fulfilled in 70 A. D., when Roman armies invaded Jerusalem. But Jesus also predicted the existence of another, future Temple when He stated, "Therefore, when you see the 'abomination of desolation' spoken of by Daniel the prophet, standing in the holy place . . " (Matt. 24:15) The "holy place" refers to the Temple. The abomination Jesus spoke of in the Temple is an idol set up there with the image of the Antichrist (Dan. 9:27; 11:31; 12:11; Rev. 13:14-15). Also, the Antichrist himself enters this future sanctuary and declares himself to be God (2 Thess. 2:4). For such a desecration to take place there must be such a sanctuary, once again established on the historical Temple Mount in Jerusalem, the only place where Mosaic law would permit such a structure (Deut. 12:5-7; 1 Chron. 21:22, 25-28; 22:1-2; 2 Chron. 6:5-7).

The Bible indicates that the sacrificial system seems to be reinstituted as a part of a seven year agreement which embraces the final seven years of this age: "Then he shall confirm a covenant with many for one week; but in the middle of the week he shall bring an end to sacrifice and offering." (Dan.9:27) According to the book of Daniel, the total time frame for both the reinstated Temple sacrifices and the period of Temple desecration covers about 6.4 years: "Then I heard a holy one speaking; and another holy one said to that certain one who was speaking, 'How long will the vision be, concerning the daily sacrifices and the transgression of desolation, the giving of both the sanctuary and the host to be trampled underfoot?' And he said to me, 'For two thousand three hundred days; then the sanctuary shall be cleansed.'" (Dan. 8:13-14) The cleansing of the Temple occurs when the Messiah (Jesus Christ) comes at the end of this seven year period.

So, when this landmark seven year "covenant" is reached that allows for Israel to again have a sacrificial Temple system on the Temple Mount, it appears that they are able to put such a sanctuary in place rather quickly, only about seven months after the seven year clock begins ticking. This fully functioning sanctuary is the equivalent of the shopping center that suddenly comes on the scene in our illustration. And the sign announcing the coming shopping center is equivalent to the signing of the seven year agreement allowing for the Temple to be built. Now let's look at the indicators that show us preparations are currently being made to rebuild this Temple and thus set the stage for the return of the Lord Jesus Christ.

Fervor Among the Jews for a New Temple

In order for the Temple to be rebuilt, the Jews must have a strong desire to do so. This fervor had its outward manifestation in 1973 when some of the religious Jews began to plan for a temple on the Temple Mount (in spite of the fact that this site was then, and is now, under the control of Muslims who would never agree to such a temple). Several Jewish organizations in Israel are today actively praying and planning for this Temple.

One such organization, The Institute for Talmudic Commentaries, has published twenty-five textbooks dealing with issues related to this coming Temple. Another group, The Temple Mount and Land of Israel Faithful, is eager to rebuild and has even attempted to place a cornerstone for such a Temple on the Temple Mount (they were stopped from doing this so that a riot would not occur). This fervor will spread to other Jews if significant ancient temple items are found (more will be said about this later). Also, the Bible predicts wars in Israel's future. Supernatural deliverance of Israel by God in such wars, such as that predicted in Ez. 38:21-23, will certainly provoke many more Jews worldwide to be zealous to carry out God's commandments regarding sacrificial worship in the Temple.

The Priesthood

There were specific requirements in the Law for the priesthood. To properly train such a priesthood according to all the details of the Law would take much research and effort. Amazingly, such a priesthood already exists and is ready to serve! A good number of Israelis of the proper priestly bloodlines have already been schooled in several "yeshivas" (schools) that were established, among other reasons, for the training of Temple priests. The Institute for Talmudic Commentaries is developing and maintaining a data base of eligible priests for service in the coming Temple. Additionally, Biblical priestly garments have been woven by the Temple Institute, an organization dedicated to seeing Temple worship reestablished.

The Temple Furniture and Implements

The Temple Institute spent many years in researching Temple implements, vessels and furniture. They have now reproduced most of the items needed for actual temple use. It is very possible that some of the vessels and furniture that have not yet been reproduced could be found.
 
In 1952 archaeologists discovered a copper scroll in one of the caves at Qumran (the site of the Dead Sea scroll discoveries). Upon translation and interpretation of this mysterious scroll, scholars concluded that it contained a list of 64 places where Temple treasures were hidden in anticipation of the fall of Jerusalem in 70 A. D. The ancient terminology of this scroll regarding the sites is somewhat difficult to understand today. Nevertheless, efforts are currently underway to discover these sites using modern technology. It is indeed possible, perhaps likely, that tremendous finds of Temple items could occur in the future at a timely moment planned by God. Included in such finds could be specially marked vessels containing the ashes of the red heifer sacrifice, which are needed for the water of purification by which the priests, the Temple site and Temple instruments could be ceremonially purified for service (see Numbers 19). We would here reiterate that the discovery of such items would give tremendous impetus to the global Jewish community to rebuild the Temple required by their sacred Torah (the five books of the Law). It is probable that such a discovery would be seen by them as a sign from God that they should proceed with all diligence and dispatch to reestablish Biblical Temple worship.

Ark of the Covenant

The most important Temple item is the Ark of the Covenant, which was located in the innermost sanctum of the Temple, the Holy of Holies. The rabbis in Israel do not seem fretful about locating this Ark. In fact, they seem to be certain that its acquisition is not a problem at all, either because they already know of its location or because they believe it will providentially be found at a crucial moment in time. Former Chief Rabbi of Israel, Shlomo Goren (now deceased), along with Rabbi Getz, former Rabbi of the Western Wall (also now deceased), both believed quite strongly that the Ark rests in a special chamber under the Temple Mount that was built for that purpose. Some sources say that Goren and Getz had proof positive (eye witness accounts) of the Ark in this chamber. Once the Jews regain the control of the Temple Mount, they would then have a free hand to explore the many passageways and chambers that lie in the huge rock mass beneath the Temple Mount.

In His sovereign coordination of the Temple preparations God has not overlooked anything. There is a young couple in Israel who have researched the harps used by those serving in the Temple worship. These magnificent harps are now being reproduced by craftsmen employed by the couple. This couple feels confident that an ample supply of these Biblical harps will be ready when Temple worship begins again.

It is important to realize that the physical preparations for the priesthood and the Temple items are mostly complete. These preparations have taken a number of years, but now things are almost ready. This is similar to the background preparations that took place before the sign went up in our illustration. The discovery of a few additional, significant items could take place at any moment. We should see that God has planned this preparation; it is not accidental.

In the fulfillment of Old Testament prophecy, the return of the Jews to the land was a great feature. This was accomplished by God's hand and the establishment of the state of Israel in 1948 was a miracle wrought by God. Then, starting over two decades ago, God began working in the hearts of a minority of His chosen Jewish people to desire to work toward a rebuilt Temple. This zealous remnant has now completed most of the preparation work related to the priesthood and the Temple service. Now we need only to look at two last items God will need to bring a new Temple onto the world scene: a Temple structure and a Temple site.

The Temple Structure

Any structure erected on the Temple Mount by the Jews for sacrificial worship must be constructed according to God's divinely revealed pattern (Ex.26:30; 1 Chron. 28:11-12). Therefore, it would seem that the Jews must carefully research and reproduce such a structure in exacting detail. Although I have been unable to confirm it, no doubt there are some plans, perhaps even materials, being prepared for this building. As seen earlier, this structure will be erected in a very short time, as sacrifices will begin there within about seven months time after the signing of the seven year covenant.

Such a speedy development and erection of this edifice seems to be a tremendous challenge. However, I believe it is altogether possible that God has a surprise in store that will make the task relatively easy. The original tabernacle constructed by Moses for worship in the wilderness may again come into service! The Bible reveals that this portable tabernacle was brought to Solomon's temple along with the Ark (1 Kings 8:4). In the Rabbinical writing known as the Babylonian Talmud, it is stated that the tabernacle was stored in a subterranean chamber directly beneath the Holy of Holies. Subterranean chambers below the Temple Mount were probably the "treasuries", or storehouses, that belonged to the Temple (1 Chron. 28:11-12).

Once again there is the exciting prospect that God may suddenly uncover long lost Biblical objects. Such a discovery would only confirm God's hand in this project to the Jews, and would fuel their zealousness to worship Him in the Temple according to the Torah.

The Temple Site

The Temple Mount in Jerusalem is the most contentious piece of real estate in the world today. This is due to the spiritual battle in the unseen realm. This site was under that part of Jerusalem subject to Jordanian control from 1948 until the Six Day War in 1967. Upon its recapture in 1967 Rabbi Shlomo Goren began to map the area and lay plans for a Jewish presence there. However, Defense Minister Moshe Dayan, who was fearful of the provocation such a presence would create in the Arab world, gave the authority over the Mount to the Wakf. The Wakf is the Supreme Moslem Council that superintends Islamic holy sites. The Dome of the Rock, the third most holy Moslem shrine, is located on the Temple Mount, along with the Moslemic Al-Aqsa Mosque. Therefore, the sacred site of the Temple is not in Jewish hands.

Even if the Temple Mount were under Israeli control, there is yet another problem connected with the site that we should touch upon. There is disagreement concerning exactly where on the Temple Mount the first and second Temples stood. Until fairly recently, most scholars assumed that the Temples stood where the Dome of the Rock now is, in the center of the Mount. The Dome of the Rock is a shrine erected over the highest point of the Mount. This shrine simply houses a natural rock mass, and it was presumed that this prominent mass was the location of the Temple. If this theory is correct then one of Islam's most holy shrines must be removed in order to rebuild the Temple. Obviously, this would be an immense problem.

However, there are two other hypotheses concerning the Temple location. One site is to the north of the Dome of the Rock. This theory has been proposed by physicist Dr. Asher Kaufman and it contains some intriguing proofs. Another explanation places the location to the south of the Dome of the Rock. The determination of the proper site will probably not come until the Mount is under Jewish control, allowing physical examination including probes beneath the Mount surface. Given the seven month time frame from the permission to rebuild until sacrifices begin, it is certainly possible that this problem can be solved within this amount of time, especially when one considers that the Tabernacle could be erected in about three days.

War Ahead?

But how can the Temple Mount, now controlled by the Moslems and containing two Moslemic religious structures, ever be given over to the Jews to rebuild their Temple? This will happen as a result of the very significant seven year covenant. Yet, what possibl event could give impetus to such a monumental agreement that would permit the Jews to reinstitute the complete Temple system? History teaches us that significant agreements that change jurisdictions often arise as settlements to war. It is unlikely that the Mid-East "peace process" will ever succeed in solving the thorny issue of Jerusalem, or that the Moslems would agree to a Jewish Temple through peaceful negotiations.
 
Those who really understand the dynamics of the Palestinian/Israeli problem recognize the grim reality that war is inevitable. The fundamentalist Moslem element will never be satisfied until the Jews are pushed entirely off the real estate there. This is in accordance with their theology which deems that any area conquered by them has been permanently given to them by Allah. To be faithful to this tenet, they must regain the entire area of Israel, which was part of the Moslemic Ottoman Empire for four centuries until 1917.

Yes, it is highly probable that one or more wars lie ahead in order to put the seven year covenant into effect. This should not be surprising in light of the sudden wars that have already occurred in modern Israel's brief history. The Bible clearly records that Israel's neighbors conspire together to demolish the Jewish nation (see Ps.83:1-8).

Understanding exactly when, or in what order, ancient prophecies will be fulfilled is difficult. Nevertheless, in light of probable Mid-Eastern war, the Bible student should look carefully at at least two unfulfilled predictions of war. Isaiah 17 prophesies the sudden destruction of Damascus (in Syria) and the "cities of Aroer" (v.2), which refers to Jordan. It seems that Israel may be the cause of this destruction (a preemptive strike?), and thus falls into disfavor in world opinion (v.4). Another war on the horizon is the attack upon Israel by Gog (a Russian leader) and his predominantly Moslem allies (Ez.38:1-39:24). The countries identified in Ez. 38:5, 6 include Iran, Afghanistan, Libya, Turkey, Ethiopia, Sudan and possibly Iraq and others. However, it is interesting to note that Syria and Jordan are not named in this confederacy, perhaps because they are already disabled or taken over by Israel (Is. 17). God supernaturally delivers Israel from this invasion (Ez.38: 18-23).
 
Great conflict lies ahead in the Middle East and it could come suddenly upon the scene. One such war will probably result in the seven year agreement that will bring the Temple Mount under Israel's control.

Are You Ready?

Preparations for the coming Temple are well underway. All of this activity points to the nearness of Christ's return. The question is: are you ready for His coming? The Bible tells us that when He returns He will judge the world. Eventually, every person will have to stand before God's holy throne to be judged. Your eternal destiny will be decided. Imagine yourself there before God. All of your words, thoughts and actions are being brought to light and weighed against God's holy standards. No one can pass this examination. God's Word tells us that "there is none righteousness, not even one" (Rom. 3:10). How will you answer God? Do you want to be there without having accepted God's only provision for the forgiveness of sin -- the Savior, the Lord Jesus Christ? The Bible warns us that "whoever rejects the Son will not see life, for God's wrath abides upon him." (Jn. 3:36)

God is merciful, however, and does not want you to suffer Hiswrath. Jesus suffered the punishment for your sins on the cross and rose again that you might be forgiven and have eternal life. "For Christ died for sins once for all, the just for the unjust, in order that He might bring us to God." (1 Pet. 3:18) "In Him  [Jesus] we have redemption through His blood, the forgiveness of sins." (Eph.1:7) Salvation is a free gift offered to you by God: "For by grace you have been saved through faith; . . . it is the gift of God." (Eph. 2:8) You simply need to receive this gift through faith by believing, trusting in Christ as your Savior. "Believe in [trust, rely upon and depend upon] the Lord Jesus and you shall be saved." (Acts 16:31) You may express your decision in prayer: "Lord Jesus, thank you for dying for my sins. I trust in you for forgiveness and accept you as my Savior."

Christ's Judgment Seat

But perhaps you have already trusted in the Lord Jesus for your eternal salvation. If so, then this salvation is eternally secure  (Jn. 6:39-40; 10:27-29) and you will not be judged in the future as respects it (Jn. 5:24). Our eternal future with God, then, is not based upon works but it is based upon the principle of salvation by grace through faith (Eph.2:8-9).

On the other hand, the future day of judgment will include a judgment upon believers that is based upon the principle of reward, or recompense, according to works (2 Cor.5:10; Matt. 16:27; Rom. 2:6; Rev. 22:12). Christians will have to give an account to God of their deeds (those deeds done since conversion) and have these deeds judged. "For we all must appear before the judgment seat of Christ, that each one may receive the things done in the body, according to what he has done, whether good or bad."  (2 Cor.5:10) This judgment will be righteous and impartial. Christ will recompense believers according to their works, that is, whether the works are good or bad (2 Cor. 5:10; Eph. 6:5-8; Col. 3:23-25) This means that Christ's judgment upon believers can take on a positive or a negative nature. If our works are fleshly, we may "suffer loss" but still be eternally "saved, yet so as through fire." (1 Cor. 3:15)
 
Jesus' parables in Matt. 25:14-30 and Lk.19:12-26 speak of this coming judgment upon His servants (believers) at His return. These and other passages indicate this judgment primarily affects our status in the coming 1,000 year Kingdom of Christ. These parables tell us that if we have been faithful stewards with our spiritual gifts, then we will be given responsibility and experience joy in the coming 1,000 year Kingdom of Christ (Matt. 25:21, 23; Lk. 19:17, 19). On the other hand, if we neglect our spiritual gifts, our opportunity for responsibility will be taken away and we will experience weeping and regret (Matt. 25:29-30; Lk. 19:24-26). If we ignore the Lord's coming and live in worldly pleasure, Christ will chastise us upon His return (Matt. 24:48-51; Lk. 12:45-46). Therefore, we should be watchful for the Lord's return and be diligent to be ready (Matt. 24:42-44). Our preparation should include our confession of specific sins now so that any unrighteousness can be cleansed from us before we arrive at Christ's Judgment Seat (1 Jn.1:9). Sins that have been confessed will not be subject to Christ's judgement at that time. By the power of God's indwelling grace, we should live in holiness and service to Him until He comes (2 Pet. 3:11-15; Lk. 19:13).

Sources used in preparation of this article:

Books:

"The Coming Temple" by Don Stewart and Chuck Missler
"In Search of Temple Treasures" by Dr. Randall Price
"Messiah" by Grant R. Jeffrey

Videos:

"Ready to Rebuild" by Jimmy De Young
"Temple of the Lost Ark" by Mart De Hann and Jimmy De Young

This article prepared by Tom Finley, 212 E. Third St., Oakboro, N. C. 28129

Single copies in printed booklet form are available free from the author. 
ihbcwc@clt.mindspring.com

*************************

PropheZine NewsBytes



F.Y.I. - Israel In The News
By: Lee Underwood
Week Ending: March 29, 1997/20 Adar II, 5757

"And he said, "Go your way, Daniel, for these words are concealed and sealed up until the end time. Many will be purged, purified and refined; but the wicked will act wickedly, and none of the wicked will understand, but those who have insight will understand." Daniel 12.9-10

UNREST CONTINUES IN THE LAND: 
Israel Defense Force (IDF) tanks were brought Friday morning to the areas of Ram'Allah, Shechem and Har Hevron. Large forces were stationed in central intersections throughout Yesha (Judea, Samaria, and Gaza). Firebombs and rock- throwings were reported in Shechem and in other places in Samaria, as well as near Tel Romeida in Hevron. Over one dozen firebombs were thrown at Border Police troops in Hevron. One Border Policeman sustained light injuries after being struck by a stone. PLO Authority (PA) paramilitary troops were not on hand to try to contain the rioters. Saturday night two passengers on the No. 25 bus between French Hill and Neveh Ya'acov were lightly wounded by broken glass when the bus was stoned. Another No. 25 bus was stoned Saturday night at its last stop in Neveh Ya'acov, but no one was hurt. On the Ma'aleh Adumim road northeast of Jerusalem, a firebomb was thrown at a car causing damage but no injuries. As the Friday Moslem services progressed in the Maarat Ha'Machpelah (Cave of the Patriarchs), the IDF Battalion Commander for the Hevron area ordered the electricity to the Moslem section of Machpelah turned off. The order followed the broadcasting of inciteful messages against the Jews from the mosque minarets. In his Friday sermon to 25,000 Moslem worshipers attending services at the Al Aksa Mosque on the Temple Mount in Jerusalem, the Jerusalem Mufti stated there can be no peace until Israel ceases its construction of the Jerusalem suburb of Har Homa. The Mufti also was critical of the "US covenant with Israel" and stated that this too must come to an end. Israeli security officials called Friday's level of alertness the "highest level possible" by the combined Israeli security forces, including (but not limited to) police, IDF troops, Yasam Tactical Units, Border Police, GSS agents and more. This weekend's extraordinary security measures are being code named Operation Burning Iron. In the Old City of Jerusalem, police deployed an undisclosed number of troops and state they were ready for anything that might come their way. Snipers were strategically deployed to "quickly respond to a situation and prevent it from escalating," stated police officials.

Meanwhile, as US envoy Dennis Ross left the region on Friday, Prime Minister Netanyahu stressed that Arafat's promises to Ross to fight against terrorism "can only be tested over time, and will be proved in the coming days, weeks, and months. Meanwhile, Ross's visit to Jerusalem on Friday was considered a failure by Palestinian sources, who said it extracted no agreement from Netanyahu to stop building on Har Homa, their basic condition for renewing talks. (Arutz Sheva, SNS, Jerusalem Post)

BIASED MEDIA COVERAGE ON HAR HOMA EXPOSED: The Committee for Accuracy in Middle East Reporting in America (CAMERA) has called for media consumers to raise concerns about biased media coverage on Har Homa. In a statement issued on March 24, the organization said: "While CAMERA doesn't take positions on political issues, our goal is to promote accurate, balanced coverage so that the public can make informed decisions, not ones based on biased or incomplete
information." The CAMERA statement follows [due to limited space, we will cover the main topics of the statement-ed]: In this alert, we will focus on current themes in the reporting of this issue:

"Arab East Jerusalem": The following inaccurate terms have become staples in the media's coverage of the Har Homa issue: "predominantly or mainly Arab East Jerusalem"; "historically Arab East Jerusalem", and; "Arab East Jerusalem". All are false. The Har Homa housing
project can appropriately be described as taking place in south-eastern Jerusalem. It is inaccurate to describe the area as "Arab" and to do so is to politicize what is supposed to be an objective news report.

"Settlement": Another term often wrongly used to describe the Har Homa housing development is "settlement". Har Homa is inside the municipal boundaries of Jerusalem. It is not a "settlement", it is a neighborhood, community, housing project, or housing development. The misuse of this term is so pervasive that even the White House, in an opinion poll, has been using the word "settlement". Several CAMERA members have called to tell us that when they phoned the White House comment line (202-456-1111) they were first greeted by an automated survey that contained a question about Har Homa phrased something like, "Do you support the Israeli government's decision to build a Jewish settlement in East Jerusalem?"

"Violence 'Caused' By Har Homa Plans": It is not Har Homa that causes Palestinian violence; it is incitement by the Palestinian Authority that triggers it. While Jerusalem is a very sensitive, emotional issue to both sides, the murder of civilians is not an inevitable (or acceptable) response to political differences. For the media to state that violence is inevitable if the Palestinians are angry or frustrated is to patronize the Palestinians, to portray them as incapable of civilized behavior.

Please write to the NY Times, NPR, CNN, and to others whose news reports utilize the inaccurate terms "Arab East Jerusalem" or "settlement" and ignore the important issue of incitement by the Palestinian Authority (PA). Write to: New York Times (letters@nytimes.com); CNN (cnn.feedback@cnn.com); National Public Radio: Morning Edition (morning@npr.org), All Things Considered (atc@npr.org), Talk of the Nation (totn@npr.org).

In another story, the Supreme Court rejected an appeal by the Greek Orthodox Church to issue a restraining order to stop the building in Har Homa. The Church officials submitted a brief, stating the land is registered to the Church. The High Court agreed, based on the information available and was getting ready to issue the order. The Jerusalem Prosecutor's office submitted briefs proving that about five years ago, the Church agreed to turn the land over to the government in return for financial compensation. The court then rejected the appeal and admonished Church officials for only presenting a partial picture. In addition, the Church was ordered to pay NIS 2,500 ($825.00) in court fees. Observers have long noted a strong pro- Palestinian bias among Greek Orthodox clergy in Israel. (ICEJ, SNS)

JEWISH WORSHIPERS EVACUATED FROM WESTERN WALL: Jewish worshipers were evacuated from in front of the Western Wall for about 10 minutes on Friday, after dozens of Arabs threw stones at policemen guarding the Mugrabi Gate entrance to the Temple Mount. The incident took
place shortly after 25,000 Arabs attended noontime prayer services at Al-Aksa Mosque. A half-dozen policemen were hit by the rocks, but none was injured. Wakf guards helped to disperse the protesters. The Jewish worshipers were temporarily evacuated as a safety precaution, but they were never in any danger, police said.

Earlier in the week two explosive devices were found by an Arab resident on a drainage pipe on the Temple Mount in Jerusalem. Police searched the entire area but found no additional bombs.

Meanwhile, in another story, Member of Knesset (MK) Abdul Malik Dahamshe of the Democratic Arab Party has said the Western Wall is "not associated with the remains of the Jewish Temple. When the Temple was destroyed not a single stone remained in place. The Western Wall is part of the Al Aqsa Mosque complex." He added: "When Mohammed took his horse to Jerusalem - and it was a special horse - he tied it to the Western Wall before he ascended into heaven. Also Jewish sources say that there is nothing connecting the Jews to the Western Wall.[?]" When asked what the implications of this were, he said: "We are not saying right now that the Jews should be barred from Jerusalem. Jewish services at the Western Wall are not a problem. The problem is if Jews want to pray on the Temple Mount." (Jerusalem Post, Kol Yisrael, IMRA)

PA REJECTS PLEA TO CRACK DOWN ON MILITANTS: The PA Monday rejected Israel's demand it crack down on Muslim militants and said it had suspended security ties with the Jewish state amid Israeli fears of more suicide bombings. "We will not accept or deal with the Israeli conditions and will treat them as if we didn't hear them," Palestinian Preventive Security chief in the Gaza Strip Mohammad Dahlan said at a news conference. Palestinian Intelligence Chief Amin Al-Hindi made clear during an interview with the Palestinian daily Al-Hayat that the Palestinian police would not arrest Palestinians. This declaration contradicts previous statements by senior Palestinian officials concerning the PA's purported efforts in the fight against Palestinian terrorism.

In a related story, the PA has said that any request made by Israel for the extradition of any fugitives will be denied. The PA has its own sovereignty and its own interests, the head of the Palestinian Security Service said and would not become "another South Lebanese Army."

Meanwhile, security sources recently gave the political level a list of 12 Hamas terrorists who have been drafted to serve in Jibril Rajoub's Preventive Security Service and seven other Hamas activists who have been recruited to the Palestinian Civilian Police. According to the list, among those recruited to Rajoub's Preventive Security Service are Abdel Fatah Ahmed Halil al-Sitri, a resident of Khan Yunis and one of the heads of Izzadin al-Kassim who in the past served as [Hamas bombmaker] Muhammad Dief's right-hand man. (MED, IMRA, Ha'Aretz, Kol Yisrael, Globes)

ISLAMIC SUMMIT IN ISLAMABAD: BBC World Service Radio reports on remarks by Iranian President Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani at the weekend's Islamic summit conference in Pakistan. Rafsanjani expressed satisfaction, saying it was good to hear Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Musa and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat "speak like revolutionaries again." He noted that, rather than quoting verses from the Koran about peace, both quoted verses about jihad, Islamic holy war.

Farouq Kaddoumi, head of the PLO's political department, who accompanied Arafat to the conference, defended the suicide bombing in Tel Aviv. "This is self-defense by the Palestinian people," he said. "It is the right of all people to ... defend themselves if they are being occupied." 

Meanwhile, Arafat said that Jerusalem must be "returned to its owners as a capital of the state of Palestine." He called the city "a trust given to us by god to rescue it from the settlements." Arafat called on the Islamic leaders to set up a committee to "consider the arrogant Israeli policy and adopt measures so that they will not feel the spiritual capital is easy to take." Voice of America reports that, in his speech, Arafat also attacked what he called Israel's policy "to isolate and Judaize Jerusalem." (IRIS, AP)

BRITISH DECLARE JERUSALEM NOT PART OF ISRAEL: The British Foreign Office gave orders not to honor tax exempt status from products made in Jerusalem, Judea or Samaria, in contradiction to the agreement between Israel and the European Union. Junior Foreign Minister Jeremy Hanley stated that the position of the British government regarding Jerusalem has not changed. It does not recognize Israeli sovereignty over any part of Jerusalem therefore products produced there do not fall under the Israeli agreement with the EU. According to Hanley, the granting of tax exempt status to the products in question is in violation of the agreement with the EU. The British Foreign Office expects other countries in the EU to act in a similar fashion. The orders of the office sent shock waves throughout Israel. President of the Industry and Trade Union Danny Gillerman dispatched a letter to the British Foreign Secretary Malcolm Rifkind regarding the separation of Jerusalem from Israel. According to Gillerman Britain's position is shocking, especially in light of the fact that Jordan's King Hussein visited Jerusalem and met with Prime Minister Netanyahu in his offices in Jerusalem. (MED, Ma'ariv)

IRAN-PLO TIES STRENGTHENED: Iran has renewed ties with Yasser Arafat after nearly two decades of strained relations with the PLO, the official Iranian news agency, IRNA, has reported. Official Iranian newspapers reported on Tuesday that Iranian President Hashemi Rafsanjani met quietly with Arafat on the sidelines of a summit of the Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC) in Pakistan. The previously unreported meeting was the first known one between a top Iranian leader and Arafat since shortly after the 1979 Islamic Revolution in Iran. Rapprochement is considered by observers as ominous for Israel, as Iran is not only an ally of Syria, but has also provided backing for Hizb'Allah, the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine-General Command of Ahmed Jibril, Islamic Jihad and Hamas, which has an office in the Iranian capital. (ICEJ)

EARTHQUAKES SHAKE ISRAEL: Two earthquakes were felt Wednesday in Israel. The first one shook the coastal region of Israel vibrating buildings in the Tel Aviv and Haifa areas. The first quake at 7:00 am, measuring 5.7 on the Richter scale, was also felt in Lebanon and Syria. Its epicenter was reported to be in Cyprus. The second earthquake shook parts of northern and central Israel in the afternoon. It measured 5.0 on the Richter scale. Its epicenter was reported to be in Beirut, Lebanon. There were no reports of injuries or damage in the either quake. In the past few years there have been a number of earthquakes, especially in the Eilat area which lies along the quake prone Africa rift which stretches from East Africa to Syria through the Red Sea, the Dead Sea and up the Jordan Valley. Recently, there has been the prediction of a big earthquake somewhere in this part of the world within the next ten years. (MED, Kol Yisrael, SNS)

ISLAMIC-CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE BLASTS ISRAEL: An Islamic- Christian conference on Jerusalem held at Rome's Grand Mosque - the largest in Europe - concluded Saturday with an appeal by delegates against the "Judaization" of Jerusalem. Israeli construction at Har Homa was the main point of contention in the two-day discussions. The Vatican's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, Monsignor Jean-Louis Tauran, received the conference delegates, who included politicians, academics, and religious leaders from the Vatican, Arab countries and Jerusalem. Messages of support were read from a number of Arab leaders, including the kings of Morocco, Jordan and Saudi Arabia, Libya's Muammar Gaddafi and Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser
Arafat. (Jerusalem Post)

PA OFFICIAL: "STONES ARE LEGAL AND PEACEFUL": The Fatah Central Command [Fatah is the terrorist wing of the PLO aka the PA-ed] decided earlier this week to redouble its actions against Jewish residents of Yesha, including a "call on the masses of the people to go out against the settlements via all legal means, including blocking off the by-pass roads." In an interview with IMRA, Marwan Barghouti, Secretary-General of Fatah, explained that the call to block the roads means "putting stones in the road." When asked if this is legal, Barghouti said, "Of course it is legal." He explained that 'legal' also means "'peaceful'... It is peaceful to throw stones." Yesha resident Shani Horowitz, originally from the Bronx, New York, disagrees. Her 14-year-old son Netanel suffered head wounds from rocks thrown by Palestinians in a recent demonstration. "He has five stitches in his head and has been complaining of dizziness," she told our reporter.

Meanwhile, Hamas has called for the final blow to be delivered to the "dying peace process." In a statement faxed to an international news agency in Beirut Hamas called for a "mercy bullet" for the dying peace process. The organization called on Palestinian police to stop cooperating with the Israeli Authorities. (Arutz Sheva, MED, Kol Yisrael)

NEO-NAZIS TRYING TO SNARE KIDS THROUGH NET, EX- RECRUITER SAYS: Neo-Nazis and hate groups are trying to recruit children as young as 12 through computer games and alternative music, a former recruiter says. White supremacists can reach kids right in their homes through the Internet, said Thomas Leyden. The ex-US Marine spent all his adult life, until last year, recruiting for neo-Nazi or skinhead groups. There are close to 500 white supremacist songs, in the guise of alternative or grunge music, that can also be found on the Net, he said. Rabbi Abraham Cooper of the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Los  Angeles said kids can also download violent games - rip-offs of successful commercial games - where the object is to kill as many blacks, Jews or other minorities as possible, in order to survive. "White parents need to talk about this," Leyden said, because it's their children who are being wooed. Leyden, 30, said he got pulled into the hate movement when his parents divorced. Despondent, he started to hang around with skinheads and listen to white power music. Leyden joined the Marines and learned a combat soldier's skills, which are considered useful by the white power movement. But after 15-years as a neo-Nazi "street soldier" and recruiter, Leyden now speaks out against racism. Leyden decided to get out of the hate movement after seeing its effects on his 3-year-old son. "He was a bigger racist than I was. It scared me. He started saying he hated the government, yet he didn't even know what country he lived in." (SNS, Toronto Star)

AUDIO WEBSITES: The following websites provide news of Israel in audio form:

Hevron News:  http://www.hebron.org.il/audio/news.ram
Arutz Sheva:  http://www.virtual.co.il/news/news/arutz7/sound/
Kol Yisrael:  http://www.artificia.com/html/news.cgi (This one also
includes video!) 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
FYI - Israel In The News
"For Zion's sake I will not keep silent, and for Jerusalem's sake I will not keep quiet"  Isaiah 62:1

'F.Y.I.' may be reproduced & distributed in any form. Please give proper credit. Send comments and subscription requests to Lee Underwood at: fellowship@inet-images.com
Web site: http://www.inet-images.com/fellowship/fyi.htm

++++++++++++++++++++++

LAWMAKER SUGGESTS GUILLOTINE FOR FLA.

  While the state awaits answers about why flames shot from the mask of a condemned killer, one lawmaker says he wants to give Death Row inmates a choice other than electrocution.

  "If you really want the least painful, most accurate method, it would be the guillotine," said House Justice Council Chairman Victor Crist, R-Temple Terrace. Crist said he may propose that inmates have a choice in how they are executed.

  It's unlikely his suggestion will get very far. Legislative leaders have said they don't intend to change the current law that requires electrocution.

Rev 7: 14 And I said unto him, Sir, thou knowest. And he said to me, These are they which came out of great tribulation, and have washed their robes, and made them white in the blood of the Lamb.

+++++++++++++++++++++

Red Heifer Follow-up
BY TERRY DUSCHINSKI
© 1997, Terry Duschinski


Move over, Israeli-born heifer! We understand you have some black hairs around your hooves, and the rabbis claiming your Numbers 19 qualifications are a group that formerly planned the destruction of the Dome of the Rock, and have no association with either the Temple Institute nor the Israeli government.

At least that's the claim of those involved with a Red Angus cow on a Mississippi cattle ranch that could soon be grazing the Holy Land and raising expectations  legitimately, claims this group  of a third sacred Temple on Mount Moriah.

Named Dixie by the daughter of rancher/reverend Clyde Lott, the spotless, blemishless solid red cow is now beyond the age of sacrifice, but should generate offspring inheriting her "Numbers 19" characteristics:

"This is a requirement of the law that the LORD has commanded: Tell the Israelites to bring you a red heifer without defect or blemish and that has never been under a yoke. ... the heifer is to be burned  its hide, flesh, blood and offal. The priest is to take some cedar wood, hyssop and scarlet wool and throw them onto the burning heifer, " Numbers 19:2,5-6.

The ashes are then gathered, mixed with water and "put in a ceremonially clean place outside the camp. They shall be kept by the Israelite community for use in the water of cleansing; it is for purification from sin," (verse 9). (See also Hebrews 9:13).

Lott, who besides breeding cattle is also an ordained minister in the Pentecostal Assemblies of Jesus Christ, says he can produce the heifers to not only supply the necessary ash but also to invigorate a beef industry in Israel. He plans to organize tanker shipments of 50,000 impregnated red heifers to Israel within the next three to seven years.

This staggering project  priced at a guestimated $100 million  has been in the works almost eight years. It started the night Lott sensed a revelation from Genesis 30:32 A cattleman's discernment told him the ancient red heifer could not have originated in Israel. 

"You cannot breed any of these combinations and consistently come up with a red cow," Lott said of the Genesis passage (King James version, which refers to cattle). "Where did the cow come from? This was the question they Lord seemed to be asking me."

Lott, who has a family heritage of breeding customized cattle, was confident he could mix the gene pool accurately for a heifer worthy of sacrifice. But how would he get anyone in Jerusalem to notice? He went first to agricultural officials in Mississippi who made contacts in Israel. He eventually gained confirmation of what he suspected. 

"Israel never produced its own sacrificial Numbers 19 red heifer," said Lott. "It was always produced by a Gentile. A red heifer always came on the scene at a time Israel needed one for sacrifice."

A relationship with Rabbi Chaim Richman, formerly affiliated with the Temple Institute in Jerusalem, was spawned through years of phone and postal contact. Lott's sense of destiny escalated when the rabbi told Lott the significance of his name.

"The Biblical Lot is considered a Gentile by rabbis today," he explained. "God called Abraham to birth the Jews. Lot was a nephew and not a direct descendent. 

"But Lot was also a patriarch. He was a very good cattle breeder, and a man who loved God, and failed God. The Jews believe that God will give somebody else the same name at a later time in history to redeem a patriarch."

In November 1995, Rabbi Richman inspected four specially-bred heifers on Lott's ranch in Canton, Mississippi, near Jackson. He certified Dixie as meeting the requirements set forth in Numbers 19. 

"Before a third Temple can be built the Numbers 19 red heifer has to be sacrificed on the Mount of Olives and the ashes used to cleanse the temple site," explained Lott.

Meanwhile, archaeologists continue decades-long searching for the kiliel of the ancient red heifer's ashes. There is some dispute as to whether ancient ashes need to be mixed with the new, achieving perpetuity. 

God's Chosen People have been without a Temple since Titus seiged Jerusalem in approximately 70 A.D. His Roman legion destroyed what was last known as Herod's Temple, a predecessor of the more astounding and authentic  Solomon's Temple, constructed in 960 B.C. Built according to the plans God gave King David, this magnificent structure was demolished by Nebuchadnezzar's Babylonian forces in 586 B.C. 

What later become known as Herod's Temple was originally built under Zerubabbel's direction (Ezra 5:2) in 516 B.C. This structure was never destroyed but fell into disrepair. Herod ordered restoration of this temple in approximately 20 B.C., perhaps to placate heart-sick Jews then living under Roman oppression. This is the Temple of the New Testament, the one Jesus visited.

Prophecy watchers have had their radar tuned to Temple rebuilding plans since 1967  when Israel took control of East Jerusalem. The Great Tribulation is characterized by the antichrist causing sacrifice to cease (Daniel 9:27) and exalting himself in God's holy temple (2 Thessalonians 2:3-4).

One of Lott's numerous supporters in this project emphasizes that a rebuilt temple is a literal prophetic fulfillment that means one thing  "a telltale signs of the coming of Jesus," according to Dick Reuben, Ph.D., an evangelist and messianic Jew.

Dr. Rebeun is one of several contacts Lott made at the ongoing revival at Brownsville Assembly of God in Pensacola, Florida. Carl Shell, a church member, is also active in getting Lott onto the Internet as a means of establishing a support network.

Lott knows that red heifers are just one element of Temple plans now crystallizing. For the past several years, Israel's Orthodox Jews have been manufacturing a vast assortment of items and garments that will be displayed or used in the Temple. Many of these are exhibited at the Temple Institute located in the Jewish Quarter of Jerusalem. The Institute has also been training Levitical students to perform the temple's priestly functions. 

According to Dr. Reuben another Israeli organization, the Temple Mount Faithful, has temple rebuilding plans of its own, rivaling those of the Temple Institute. But who rebuilds the temple is only a secondary contention.

How Jews are to secure the needed acreage of the Muslim-controlled Temple Mount is a sensitive, volatile issue about which little is being said directly. Some believe a deal will be worked out in "final status" negotiations concerning Jerusalem. That it will take a miracle fazes not Lott who has already experienced a succession of them.

When he and his wife, Priscilla, needed funds for a trip to Israel, they received unsolicited contributions from several sources. When Lott felt a passion for supplying heifers not just for sacrifice but for satiety, he discovered ways to help the develop pasture lands (Isaiah 35:1-2; Ezekiel 36:34-35) from barren desert.  

According to Lott, a man in Oklahoma has developed hybrid strand of Bermuda Grass having an 8-foot tap-root system, suitable for the seven-foot water table of the Israeli desert.
"We've planted some of this grass in Mississippi, and have had very good results with it. It has a high-protein content, something like 23 percent," said Lott. "We want to take this grass to Israel and introduce it over there."

He's also experimenting with an alfalfa grass capable of growth in hot weather and able to re-seed itself. Another factor conducive to cattle is shade. Lott believes he can plant Eucalyptuses trees in the Israeli wilderness.

Lott has a network of cattle-ranching associates ready to breed solid red cows. He plans to ship the impregnated heifers twice a year. He has lined up the services of two tankers that can transport either 500 or 1,000 head.

The 40-year-old Lott has received unsolicited financial commitments from numerous sources to start funding the project. Lott says Israeli sources may provide some of the money, but whatever means of delivery, he knows from where the money will come.

"This is God's project," he said. "We want to keep it in His hands, and out of man's hands. We're just trying to walk a line of faith."
	
Terry Duschinski is a professional journalist who has written numerous fitness articles, along with WHY I BELIEVE EVERY WORD OF THE BIBLE, a 30,000-word self-published manual. The first three chapters of his book are available via e-mail at no charge. Send your request to: mistertd@iag.net.

++++++++++++++++++++++

EDITOR NOTE: I was astounded by what happen last Monday in regards to the mass suicide of the Heavens Gate cult members. When I did some research into their doctrine I was even more amazed. I have done some pretty good study in regards to Gnostic teachings (Luciferianism) which I find really remarkable that "Do" (said Doe) states that is it the Luciferians who are the bad guys. Alice Baily, the "high priestess of the New Age movement," wrote extensively on this topic. It is interesting how "Do" twists even the new age doctrine. 

Luke 21:8
8 And he said, Take heed that ye be not deceived: for many shall come in my name, saying, I am Christ; and the time draweth near: go ye not therefore after them.

If you have access to Gnostic/Theosophical writings you can see where "Do" concocted his theories. 

	The Conflict of Light and Darkness (The Paraphrase of Shem..Gnostic)
	The War with the Sons of Light and the Sons of Darkness (Dead Sea Scrolls)
	Enoch's vision of Heave, the watchers and the giants ( Book of Enoch #1.. 	Luciferianism/Ancient mystery religion)
	Plus MANY of Alice Baily's work

What I would like to present to you is the "beliefs" of the Heavens Gate people.

*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*

ATTENTION: THIS IS OCCULT DOCTRINE THAT FOLLOWS. I NOR PROPHEZINE BELIEVES IN THIS NOT CONDONES THIS DOCTRINE. THIS IS FAULSE TEACHING AND IS BEING PRESENTED FOR THE "EDUCATION" OF THE READER.  CALL IT A "LOOK INTO THE ENEMY CAMP." 

AFTER READING THE FOLLOWING, I ADVISE THAT YOU READ ABOUT 15 MINUTES OF THE BIBLE. THERE IS DANGER IN READING THIS AND YOU MUST BE AWARE OF THAT. SO I URGE YOU TO READ THE BIBLE RIGHT AFTER THIS AND DO NOT ALLOW THE OCCULTIC SEEDS TO TAKE ROOT. 

*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*

Heavens Gate
By: Do
What Our Purpose Is - The Simple "Bottom Line"

 [Horsehead nebula in Orion] Two thousand years ago, a crew of members of the Kingdom of Heaven who are responsible for nurturing "gardens," determined that a percentage of the human "plants" of the present civilization of this Garden (Earth) had developed enough that some of those bodies might be ready to be used as "containers" for soul deposits. Upon instruction, a member of the Kingdom of Heaven then left behind His body in that Next Level (similar to putting it in a closet, like a suit of clothes that doesn't need to be worn for awhile), came to Earth, and moved into (or incarnated into), an adult human body (or "vehicle") that had been "prepped" for this particular task. The body that was chosen was called Jesus. The member of the Kingdom of Heaven who was instructed to incarnate into that body did so at His "Father's" (or Older Member's) instruction. He "moved into" (or took over) that body when it was 29 or 30 years old, at the time referred to as its baptism by John the Baptist (the incarnating event was depicted as "...the Holy Spirit descended upon Him in bodily form like a dove" - Luke 3:22). [That body (named Jesus) was tagged in its formative period to be the receptacle of a Next Level Representative, and even just that "tagging" gave that "vehicle" some unique awareness of its coming purpose.]

The sole task that was given to this member from the Kingdom of Heaven was to offer the way leading to membership into the Kingdom of Heaven to those who recognized Him for who He was and chose to follow Him. "The Kingdom of Heaven is at hand" meant - 'since I am here, and I am from that Kingdom, if you leave everything of this world and follow me, I can take you into my Father's Kingdom.' Only those individuals who had received a "deposit" containing a soul's beginning had the capacity to believe or recognize the Kingdom of Heaven's Representative. They could get to His Father only through total reliance upon Him. He later sent His students out with the "Good news of the Kingdom of Heaven is at hand," and His followers could then help gather the "flock" so that the "Shepherd" might teach others what was required of them to enter His Father's House - His Father's Kingdom - the Kingdom of Heaven - in the literal and physical Heavens - certainly not among humans on Earth. Leaving behind this world included: family, sensuality, selfish desires, your human mind, and even your human body if it be required of you - all mammalian ways, thinking, and behavior. Since He had been through this metamorphic transition Himself from human to Level Above Human - under the guidance of His Father - He was qualified to take others through that same discipline and transition. Remember, the One who incarnated in Jesus was sent for one purpose only, to say, 'If you want to go to Heaven, I can take you through that gate - it requires everything of you.'
 
Our mission is exactly the same. I am in the same position to today's society as was the One that was in Jesus then. My being here now is actually a continuation of that last task as was promised, to those who were students 2000 years ago. They are here again, continuing in their own overcoming, while offering the same transition to others. Our only purpose is to offer the discipline and "grafting" required of this transition into membership in My Father's House. My Father, my Older Member, came with me this time for the first half of this task to assist in the task because of its present difficulty.

Looking to us, and desiring to be a part of my Father's Kingdom, can offer to those with deposits that chance to connect with the Level Above Human, and begin that transition. Your separation from the world and reliance upon the Kingdom of Heaven through its Representatives can open to you the opportunity to become a new creature, one of the Next Evolutionary Level, rightfully belonging to the Kingdom of Heaven.

Why It Is Difficult To Believe or Accept Us

We don't know if you believe in the real existence of negative or "lower" forces. If you do, then you may be able to understand or relate to some of what we are about to say. It seems that how your "programming" permits you to see or identify those forces, determines the limit of your acceptance or understanding. Many believe that there ar "evil" acts or even "evil" individuals, but would draw the line before they would believe in evil spirits, evil discarnates, negative influences, malevolent space aliens, "Luciferians," or Satan and his fallen angels.

The generally accepted "norms" of today's societies - world over - are designed, established, and maintained by the individuals who were at one time "students" of the Kingdom of Heaven - "angels" in the making - who "flunked out" of the classroom. Legends and scriptures refer to them as fallen angels. The current civilization's records use the name Satan or Lucifer to describe a single fallen angel and also to "nickname" any "evil presence." If you have experienced some of what our "classroom" requires of us, you would know that these "presences" are real and that the Kingdom of God even permits them to "attack" us in order for
us to learn their tricks and how to stay above them or conquer them. The space aliens, or Luciferians, use the discarnate spirits (the minds that are disembodied at the death of a body) as their primary servants - against potential members of the Kingdom of God. These "influences," or discarnates, are constantly "programming" every human "plant" (vehicle or body), to accept a set of beliefs and norms for behavior during a lifetime. From our point of view, this "programming" finds that body, and the vast majority of all human bodies, barely usable by students of the Kingdom of Heaven.

As the above example can serve to testify, the "lower forces" would - through their "norm" concept - what is "socially acceptable," what is politically correct - have you not believe in spirits, spirit possession, negative space aliens, Satan, etc. They would have you believe that to even dabble in these ideas is of the "occult," satanic, or at the least, giving credence to "fringe" topics. That's where they would also categorize any mental search of Eastern religions, astrology, metaphysics, paranormal, UFOs, etc., etc. In other words, they (these space aliens) don't want themselves "found out," so they condemn any exploration. They want you to be a perfect servant to society (THEIR society -- of THEIR world) -- to the "acceptable establishment," to humanity, and to false religious concepts. Part of that "stay blinded" formula goes like this: "Above all, be married, a good parent, a reasonable church goer, buy a house, pay your mortgage, pay your insurance, have a good line of credit, be socially committed, and graciously accept death with the hope that 'through His shed blood,' or some other equally worthless religious precept, you will go to Heaven after your death."

Many segments of society, especially segments of the religious, think that they are not "of the world," but rather that their "conversion" experience finds them "outside of worldliness." The next statement that we will make will be the "Big Tester," the one that the "lower forces" would use to clearly have you discredit or disregard us. That statement is: Unless you are currently an active student or are attempting to become a student of the present Representative from the Kingdom of Heaven - you ARE STILL "of the world," having done no significant separation from worldliness, and you are still serving the opposition to the Kingdom of Heaven. This statement sounds - to humans who have been so carefully programmed by the "lower forces" - arrogant, pompous, or egotistical at the least - as if by taking this stand we had something to gain - as if we were seeking recognition as "Deity" or as self-appointed prophets.

That Luciferian programming has truly been effective, for we don't even want to voice to you the statement in question. However, believe it or not, it is only for your sake - the sake of prospective recipients of the Kingdom of Heaven - that we must "tell the truth," openly identify to you as Representatives of the Kingdom of Heaven, well aware of the "fallout" of that position.

The hard facts or bold statements in a nutshell, that are so difficult to accept or "digest" - come down to: If you want or ever expect to go to Heaven - here is your window. That window opportunity requires: 1) an incarnate (as human)Representative of the Kingdom of Heaven; 2) that all who hope to enter Heaven become active students of that Representative while the Representative is present; 3) those who endure the "transition classroom" until it ends
 (adequately bonding or "grafting" to that Representative) will go with that Representative - literally LEAVE the human kingdom and Earth as He is about to do. Staying behind, for any significant period, could jeopardize that "graft." That window to Heaven will not open again until another civilization is planted and has reached sufficient maturity  (according to the judgment of the Next Level).

We can't blame you for "buying into" the "Luciferian" program. What else has been available during those periods when no Representative was present? Almost nothing - save some warnings in the Scriptures, i.e., Luke 20:34-36, Luke 21:23, Mark 12:25, and Mark 13:17-19. Check these out.

Another fact is that what someone is into during the time a Representative is not present really doesn't matter that much, except that they are found unprepared when One comes - the only time when the Kingdom of Heaven can be offered to you.

The dilemma is we are here and most humans are thoroughly "hooked" to humanity. However, the same "grace" that was available at the end of the Representative's mission 2000 years ago is available now with our presence. If you quickly choose to take these steps toward separating from the world, and look to us for help, you will see our Father's Kingdom.
 
It is clear to all of us, that to the Anti-Christ -- those propagators of sustained faithfulness to mammalian humanism -- we are, and will be seen as, their Anti-Christ. This is certainly to be expected, and it will not delay our return to our Father's Kingdom. It might even accelerate that
return.

We will, between now and our departure, do everything we can for those who want to go with us. But we cannot allow them to interfere with or delay our return to Him.

        The Present Representative,
        Do
++++++++++++++++++++++

Signs? What Signs?

A spotless red heifer;
A "burdensome stone";
The nation of Israel
Left nearly alone;
A Union in Europe and
Several "blood moons";
So--where are those signs
That His coming is soon?

Earthquakes and famines
All over the place,
Comets and "aliens"--
is there "life in space"?
Biotechnology, 
Computers and cloning;
The earth filled with violence,
Creation is "groaning"!
But relax, there's no hurry;
His coming isn't near!
(Some souls are so blind,
They won't see 'til He's here!)

Lori Fiechter
3-23-97
++++++++++++++++++++++

The Rapture Index is at a 1997 All Time High!!!  It has peaked over the 160 mark and is not at is at 161. This occured on Mar 31, 1997.

You can check this out at :http://www.novia.net/~todd/rap2.html

    
 1 False Christs     5+3  	18 World Church        3+1  	35 The Antichrist 1      
 2 Satanism/Occult   4+1  	19 Globalism           5    	36 Volcanoes      4-1     
 3 New Age           4+1  	20 Tribulation Temple  3    	37 Earthquakes    5
 4 Unemployment      1-1  	21 Anti-Semitism       5    	38 Hurricane/Torn 5        
 5 Inflation         1    		22 Israel Unrest       5    	39 Persia (Iran)  4
 6 Interest Rates    1    	23 Russia (Gog)        3    	40 Famine         5
 7 Economy           1    		24 Less Civil Rights   3    	41 Drought        3
 8 Oil Supply/Price  1    	25 The False Prophet   1    	42 Plagues        1-1
 9 Debt              3    		26 Nuclear Nations     4    	43 Climate        5
10 Potential Crash   4    	27 World Unrest        5    	44 Food Supply    4 
11 Leadership        5    	28 Arms Build Up       5    	45 Floods         5  
12 Drug Use          4    	29 Liberalism          5
13 Apostasy          5    	30 The Peace Process   1    Rapture Index  161 <<<<<<<<<
14 Supernatural      3+1  	31 Kings of the East   5+1       Net Change    +5  
15 Moral Standards   5    	32 Mark of the Beast   5       
16 Anti Christian    4    	33 Beast Government    4       Updated: 31 Mar 97    
17 Crime Rate        1    	34 Second Roman Empire 5            

 Record High 164  Record Low 50  1995 High 137  1996 High 152  1997 High 161
   Oct 26 90        Dec 12 93    1995 Low  100  1996 Low  111  1997 Low  148 

++++++++++++++++++++++

Sex in Schools
By: art@fog.net

The California Teachers' Association, local derivative of and to the National Education Association, reported today its intent to fully back AB101, the proposal in the State Assembly to promote homosexual, transsexual, and intergenerational relationships' normality in elementary and secondary schools Statewide. The NEA has already endorsed a similar move in six Eastern States, two Midwestern, and California, Oregon, and Washington. "California will be the pilot for what we hope is a growing community," stated Sheila Kuhl (D, Central Valley), the author of the bill which is presently slated to be reintroduced to the State Assembly in an already-relolute form under the new leadership of Speaker Bustamante. 

In preparation for acceptance, the CTA is advertising in the Los Angeles Times and several other California newspapers for openly-lesbian, cross-dressing, sex-altered, and intergenerational teachers for a "Cadre of trainees who will train children to the age of 6 in [homo]sexuality and normal practices in lifestyles different from their parents'." 

Prepolling of the now mostly-Democrat Assembly indicates that this and a proposal by Ms. Kuhl, a lesbian activist, to lower the age of consent in California to age 12, will pass while exiting the ability of the Governor to veto the move because of broad support.

http://www.fog.net/art; http://www.goldfever.com/belly;
http://www.impeachclinton.com; EMail art@fog.net; EMail
webmaster@impeachclinton.com

*************************

The Final Word

A MESSAGE OF HOPE
By Gary Kah 
Edited by Ray Gano

	In a world full of immorality, hatred, selfishness, and racial strife we need to be continually reminded of the hope and peace that are available to those who place their trust in Jesus Christ. While there are corrupt individuals who are blindly maneuvering society toward an intimidating, occult-based world government, we can rest assured that God is still in control and that He will have the final say. In a direct reference to the anti-Christ ( the coming world ruler ( II Thessalonians 2:8 (NIV) states:

"And then the lawless one will be revealed, whom the Lord Jesus will overthrow with the breath of his mouth and destroy by the splendor of his coming."

	It is our hope that the information shared in this newsletter will not cause Christians to panic, but rather will instill in them a healthy sense of urgency... to make the most of the time that remains by living a life of obedience and complete surrender, and by prayerfully sharing the good news of Jesus Christ with those who will listen.

	If you are not a Christian but would like to experience the peace that comes from knowing that your eternity is secure, all you need to do is ask Jesus to be the Lord of your life. Simply pray to God in your own words.  Confess to him that you are a sinner and would like to be forgiven. Tell Him that you accept His Son, Jesus Christ, and that you believe His sacrifice on the cross was sufficient to cover your sins. Thank God for what He has done, and ask Him to help you live the kind of life that would be pleasing to Him.  God will hear your prayer if it comes from a sincere heart!

	If you prayed this prayer, your next step is to establish yourself in a Bible believing/teaching church, to allow yourself the opportunity for growth that comes from sound Biblical instruction and fellowship with like-minded Christian believers.  

	if you have just made a decision to follow Christ, please drop us a line here at PZ so that we might be able to celebrate with you. May the Lord bless you in your walk.


Ray Gano
ray@prophezine.com


