PropheZine #46
August 15, 1997
Kim Koster
Asst.Editor

Kim Koster........................Welcome to PropheZine
William Norman Grigg........Pagans of the World Unite!
Wendy. B. Howard .......The First Religion And Cultural Diversity Conference,  Melbourne, July 1997 
Shirley Ann Miller..............The Gospels in the Stars Part 3
R.G. Wallace....................666
Bryan Hupperts.................The Approacing Apocalypse
R.G Wallace.....................Bascially Speaking Foundations in Bible Truths

PropheZine NewsBytes

Jack Van Impe...............Powerful El Nino Forcast, World Weather Unusaully Wet, Huge Ozone Hole Over Russia, Israelis Mark ‘Miraculous' Victory, Millions for Millennium.
Mike Noe Jr...................The Millennial Bomb
The Rutherford Institute..Christian Persecution in the West
Lee Underwood.............FYI Israel in the News

******************************

Hello Everyone I want to apologize again for last months missing July 15th newsletter. My computer died on me along with many articles and files. As you can see I am up and running again and if God be willing,  I will not have anymore computer crashes for a while.  

We have some pretty good articles this month that  I hope you enjoy. William Norman Grigg has written a very eye opening article called "Pagans of the World Unite! "   This  article  shows that the world is getting closer to the One World Religion at a fast pace. Shirley Miller has written another wonderful article in The Gospel in the Stars series. This series has been very eye opening.

I am also pleased to welcome Ron Wallace on board. He will be writing a regular column for PropheZine called Basically Speaking. These articles will focus on Bible basics, which is always needed. Thanks Ron.  

We continue to add more and more features to the PropheZine www site. So don't forget to visit PropheZine Web Site often for the latest information  and the latest improvements. One special feature that we have added that we are getting ready to unveil is called CENTER STAGE. For those of you on AOL, you will recognize the idea. We are going to have once to twice a month a special  LIVE CHAT area with special guest speakers where you can go and ask him/her your questions in real time. Our first speaker is going to be Scott Pearson. I do not know the date or time, but it is going to be in August. Visit the PropheZine www site for more details.

I also want you encourage you to check out the upcoming PropheZine Prophecy Conference. Ray has gotten some great speakers together for 3 days of  prophetic teaching. To check this out, go to http://www.prophezine.com/conference

Till next issue.

In His Service,
Kim Koster
Asst. Editor
PropheZine


*************************************************

Pagans of the World Unite!
By: William Norman Grigg

 On June 23rd, Stanford University played host to a gathering of 200 delegates from scores of religious bodies around the world. Among the assembled were "Christian ecumenical leaders, Black Muslims, American Jews, Australian aborigines, California pagans, South African Hindus, Thai Buddhists, British Baha'is, Catholic priests, Indian Sikhs and other leading lights from across the spiritual spectrum," reported the San Francisco Chronicle. The purpose of the gathering was "to begin working on a charter for an international interfaith organization, tentatively called the United Religions," an organization which will be formally established in San Francisco on June 26, 2000.

The United Religions (UR) initiative is presided over by Reverend William Swing, the Episcopal Bishop of San Francisco, who seeks the creation "of something like the United Nations for all religions." According to Bishop Swing, his initiative is the continuation of a century-old campaign. "In 1893, with the Parliament of World Religions, it was so exciting to see religions together for the first time that people began expansively to think about something like this," the Bishop recounted to the Chronicle. "But there was no infrastructure, and there was no world consensus around that kind of idea, so it died. Then, when the League of Nations began, people began to say, 'Why don't we have a League of Religions?' All those efforts amounted to resolutions that were quickly passed and forgotten. Nobody really worked at it. It's been much more a daydream than on-the-ground hard work."

A Global Ethic

Since 1993, Swing has been doing the "on-the-ground hard work," traveling around the world to network with leaders and representatives of religious communities from many traditions. This has strengthened the constituency for Swing's initiative, and   according to the Bishop - provided him with new spiritual insights. "I've spent a lot of time praying with Brahmins, meditating with Hindus or being silent or chanting with Buddhists," Swing proudly states. "I feel I've been enormously enriched inwardly by exposure to these folks. I've gone back and read our own scriptures, and it's amazing how they begin to read differently when you're exposed to more truth from more people in other parts of the world."

UR spokesman Barbara Hartford told THE NEW AMERICAN that the Stanford conference was intended "to begin the process of creating community among diversity, to examine the ongoing changes in the planet and how we will deal with each other in the new century." Hartford explained that the UR has held regional conferences across the world in collaboration with the UN's "Temple of Understanding," a group which conducts "Spiritual Summit Conferences" in conjunction with UN political summits. In addition, "We're also beginning the process of drawing up a charter for the organization and thrashing out the specifics of a Global Ethic." To that end, Bishop Swing also consulted with Hans Kung, the Swiss theologian who authored the "Declaration of a Global Ethic" which was presented at the 1993 Parliament of World Religions in Chicago. A brief examination of  Kung handiwork suggests that the UR is less about uniting religions in the cause of peace than about harnessing them to serve the interests of globalism. 

 Kung's Global Ethic describes itself as "an irrevocable, unconditional norm for all areas of life, for families and communities, for races, nations and religions," and insists that acceptance of its tenets is a requirement for being recognized as "authentically human." Although the document is silent about man's duties to God (in fact, the word "God" does not appear in it), it contains very specific directives regarding "global responsibility": "Self-determination and self-realization are thoroughly legitimate so long as they are not separated from human self-government and global II responsibility, that is ... responsibility for fellow humans and for the  planet Earth." The Global Ethic also dispenses with property rights  by dictating that "no one has the ~ right to use her or his possessions  without concern for the needs of society and Earth," and that schoolchildren must be taught that their freedoms are limited by the needs of the "common good."

The Global Ethic also obliquely addresses the subject of religious "fundamentalism" by suggesting that religious leaders who "stir up prejudice, hatred, and enmity toward those of different belief ... deserve the condemnation of humankind and the loss of their adherents." While no rational person would defend "prejudice, hatred, and enmity," would this language apply to Christians who carry out the biblical commission to evangelize the world? King has written elsewhere that "no regressive or repressive religion   whether Christian, Islamic, Jewish, or of whatever  provenance - has a long-term future," suggesting that religious traditions not attuned to the sensitivities of radical ecumenism are slated for extinction.

Gorby to the Rescue

   While Bishop Swing and his comrades labor to lay a foundation for the "United Nations of religion," former Soviet ruler Mikhail Gorbachev - in his new self-appointed role as environmental messiah - is framing an "Earth Charter" intended to fuse socialism and mysticism into a UN approved new world religion. The Earth Charter is scheduled to be presented to the UN General Assembly sometime before the year 2000, and Gorbachev insists that its adoption is necessary in order to save the earth from its rapacious inhabitants.

   "Even though it shows no bitterness toward humankind, nature knows there was a time when it existed and we didn't," Gorbachev stated in an interview published in the May 8th Los Angeles Times. "Nature is already sending a signal through the spread of diseases resistant to antibiotics, new cancers, and even genetic changes in the species - that this can happen once more." To address the global environmental crisis, insisted Gorbachev, humanity must embrace "a new environmental legal code rooted in an Earth Charter... a kind of Ten Commandments, a 'Sermon on the Mount,' that provides a guide for human behavior toward the environment in the next century and beyond." The erstwhile butcher of Afghanistan was eager to share portions of that "sacred text" with the Times. "'Do not do unto the environment of others what you do not want done to your own environment,' reads one charter item," Gorbachev recited. "'Adopt modes of consumption, production, and reproduction that respect the regenerative capacities of the Earth,' reads another."

Obviously, some entity will have to be empowered to define the "regenerative capacities of the Earth" and to preside over humanity's transition to new "modes of consumption, production, and reproduction." Accordingly, Gorbachev urges that the UN be "recreated" and given dominion over the global environment. In the crusade to save the earth, states the former Soviet dictator, "The most important thing is the shaping of a new value system. Instead of a hedonistic approach, we should promote an approach that reasonably limits desires, which promotes the virtue of enoughness." The "new value system," according to Gorbachev, will result from a "new synthesis" of worldviews that combines "democratic, Christian, and Buddhist values ... which affirm such moral principles as social responsibility and the sense of oneness with nature and with each other."

A Pagan Revival

   Both Bishop Swing's UR initiative and Gorbachev's proposed "Earth Charter" provide illustrations of "pagan monism," according to Dr. Peter Jones of the Westminster Seminary. Dr. Jones, author of the new book, Spirit Wars: Pagan Revival in Christian America, defines the monist worldview as one in which the "cosmos itself is divine, as is humanity. All is one and one is all, and we're all part of a pantheistic collective. This is in sharp contrast to the 'theist' worldview, in which God as creator is not consubstantial with the creation. Monism teaches people to 'look for god within you,' while theism seeks to direct man's eyes outward and upward toward God."

   While it may seem curious to some that Gorbachev, a man who devoted his adult life to Marxist materialism, has embraced a form of pantheism, Dr. Jones believes that Gorbachev's personal odyssey typifies the larger evolution of the left. "Confidence in the power of human reason to solve human problems has evaporated in a century infamous for its bloody inhumanity," Dr. Jones writes in Spirit Wars. "The collapse of secular humanism has forced a repeal of its four spiritual laws: biological evolutionism (found to have more holes than Swiss cheese and the ozone layer combined); existentialism (among whose fruits are Nazism and the Cambodian genocide of Pol Pot); Freudianism (which has produced more mental illness than it ever cured); and Marxism..."

Monism provides a framework for collectivist politics without the political baggage of humanism, notes Dr. Jones. To those who subscribe to that perspective, "it has become obvious that our problems- the relatedness of the world's economies, nuclear proliferation and environmental disasters that respect no boundaries - demand global solutions. With such a new planetized' awareness, conditions have never been more favorable for an ideology ... that affirms the interrelatedness of all things. The planetary circle fits the mystical, monistic circle like a hand in a glove." However, warns Dr. Jones, "watch out for gloved hands that control planets. Our planet may be too small for both monists and theists." Although monism "seduces the modern mind by claming to be tolerant and non-dogmatic," it is neither, "for behind the velvet glove is an iron fist."

"Monists appear to believe that tolerance - whether for homosexuality, pagan religious traditions, or for practices such as abortion that have been condemned by Christian civilization for millennia - is the highest virtue, if not the only virtue," Dr.. Jones informed THE NEW AMERICAN. "In fact, Monism is expansively and indulgently tolerant of everything - except for the theist worldview, with its appeal to moral absolutes." One illustration of this is provided in an anecdote in Spirit Wars: "At the May 1996 Whole Earth Festival [at the University of California-Davis], a handful of Christian students distributed literature in an overwhelmingly New Age, university-sponsored event. They were stopped by the 'Karma Patrol.' Their offense? Spreading 'bad Karma' by distributing Christian leaflets."

This incident typifies an increasing hostility toward biblical faiths on account of their 'intolerance,"' Dr. Jones remarked to THE NEW  AMERICAN. "We can see even more troubling manifestations of the same worldview in 'hate speech' codes and attempts to stifle peaceful prolife activism outside of abortion clinics.

No Place for Truth

Dr. Jones believes that the conflict between monism and theism is irrepressible. "Pagan monism is, by its very nature, an all-inclusive, totalitarian movement whose success depends upon total conformity to its view of peace," he writes. "Its vision of a tolerant, all-inclusive world cannot tolerate those who believe in absolute truth, in ultimate right and wrong, and in differentiated creational structures. In the future 'utopia' there will be 'no place for truth.'... The 'Karma Patrol' of today could be the Great Inquisition of the Aquarian tomorrow."

According to Dr. Jones, the monist worldview informs the United Religions initiative, Hans Kung' 5 Global Ethic, and Gorbachev's proposed Earth Charter. "All of this is intended to redefine theistic faiths - Christianity, Judaism, and Islam- along monistic lines, and to create a monist political framework," he asserts. "Monists are fond of saying that the 21st century will bring about the end of the 'Christian interlude,' and each of these initiatives is committed to that end."

William Norman Grigg

*************************

This article first appeared in THE NEW AMERICAN/AUGUST 18, 1997 issue.

For a Subscription to THE NEW AMERICAN
Send $39.00 to: (US  price or call for International Price. Canada and Hawaii
add $9.00)

American Opinion Publishing Company
770 Westhill Blvd.
Appleton, WI  54914

PH# 920-749-3784
http://www.jbs.org/tna.htm


***************************************************

THE FIRST RELIGION AND CULTURAL DIVERSITY CONFERENCE,  MELBOURNE, JULY 1997. by W. B. Howard, Editor of Dispatch magazine, Endtime Ministries, Sunshine Coast, Queensland, Australia.


 REPORT NUMBER ONE.
THE ONE WORLD CHURCH IS HERE!

	"And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet color, and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand full of adominations and filthiness of her fornication: And upon her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH. And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints, and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus:" (Revelation 17:4-6).

The three day conference which I attended in Melbourne, as a delegate, this July, 28-30, was an experience of a life-time for me! The sheer shock of that gathering is with me day and night - it will take time to come back to "normal". In our own country, political and religious leaders from across the globe, and Australia, gathered to confer on the global intentions of the New Age - the dignitaries in Australia this July were truly remarkable.

MAURICE STRONG, New Age leader who headed the NWO Earth Summit, was in Australia; the Archbishop of Canterbury, Dr. George Carey was in Melbourne to open the Multicultural Conference; Cardinal Francis Arinze, tipped by many to be the next Pope of the Catholic Church, was at the Religious Conference in Melbourne. The Governor General of Australia, Sir William Deane, was in attendance at The Religion and Cultural Diversity Conference in Melbourne.

Many political big names gathered there also.  A profusion of religious leaders came together,  Anglican and Catholic Archbishops in purple and scarlet, Buddhists in saffron robes, Islamic leaders, Greek Orthodox priests, Jewish Rabbis, Quaker leaders, World Vision representatives, Salvation Army officers, Uniting Church ministers, the Church of Christ was represented - many others. (A list can be sent of presenters and delegates for those interested...will be Online soon)

The Australian Multicultural Foundation, executive director, Mr. Hass Dellal, the President/Moderator of the World Council on Religion and Peace, took a lead role in the three day and two night conference. We were given a glamorous cocktail reception at Parliament House on the Monday night!

The actual program planning committee comprised:

The Hon.Sir James Gobbo AC, the Governor of Victoria (Then Chairman of the Australian Multicultural Foundation 1988 - April 1997); Mr. B.(Hass) Dellal OAM, Australian Multicultural Foundation; Dr. John Bodycomb OAM, World Conference on Religion and Peace Australia; Professor Desmond Cahill, Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology; Dr. Fiona Hill, World Conference on Religion and Peace Australia; Rev. John Baldock (1996), World Conference on Religion and Peace. 

Supporting sponsors were:

Victorian Multicultural Commission, the National Australian Bank, The University of Melbourne and the State Government of Victoria.

Members and Signatories of the Australian Multicultural Foundation include:

The Hon.Mr John Howard MP (Prime Minister of Australia) and the Hon. Mr. Kim Beazley MP (leader of the Opposition).

NEW AGE.

The New Age international organizations "Conflict Resolution Network" and "Unity and Diversity Council" took center stage during proceedings. The conference finished on the recommendation that we should all listen to one another, those in other religions, and we should all listen to the NEW AGE! Perhaps the strange spiritual darkness of that conference can be grasped in the "Prayer of Togetherness" at the Religion and Cultural Diversity Conference Dinner. The lights were dimmed, there was only the illumination of one candle at each table, approximately 250 dignitaries and delegates bowed together, to the words of this "prayer":

       "Let us focus on the candle, the small quivering fire the light in the darkness, the call to evening prayer, the call to thanksgiving.....for our togetherness for our unity, as sons and daughters of the earth in this vast and ancient land, this sacred soil of the Dreamtime.

       In the presence of the ineffable Other, the Holy Being of Infinity, the Numinous Beyond, the One and the Ultimate, the Alpha and the Omega, the Unknown and the Unknowable, Lord of the Cosmos, Center of Creation God, the God of power and righteousness. We pray to you in the immensity and grandeur of the world (et al)."

NO RELIGION KNOWS GOD.

As the above prayer shows, the conference speakers were in total agreement that no religion knows God, that God is unknowable! These religious "holy men" agreed that God was the "unknown" and "unknowable", and these were presented as the Godly leaders of the new global spirituality which will unite the planet in the next Millennium. How remarkable this is! Yet a simple believer in the Lord Jesus Christ, regenerated, washed in the Blood of the Lamb, sitting in their midst, can cry from a heart filled with gratitude - I KNOW GOD, through my relationship with the Precious Savior Jesus Christ, God's Son.

The prayer above shows how far away Australia is, in the 1990s, to the reality of the Lord Jesus Christ as the Only Son of God, who came to die for the sin of the world on Calvary's Cross. God is now no longer even knowable, He is just the impersonal energy of the earth, Lord of the Cosmos, Cosmic "Christ", the Rainbow Serpent of the aboriginal Dreamtime.

NO RELIGION CAN CLAIM ABSOLUTISM.

The conference's saw the one cardinal sin of any religion as being ABSOLUTISM. There was general consensus that all religions tended to believe that they held absolute Truth, and that all others were relative to them. This was decried as pride, refusal to embrace others, separatism which tended towards war-like aggression, bigotry and spiritual blindness. The religious leaders of Islam, Baha'i, the Quakers, Catholic and Anglican priests, Buddhists and all the rest of the eclectic crew sat passively, showing veneer accord at any rate. The atmosphere was "loving", "harmonious", people mixed together with overt graciousness and intention to sink their differences. Sadly, the New Age globalists have sinister plans for them all, just over the horizon.

INTERFAITH INSTRUCTION MUST TAKE PLACE.

The predominate recommendation was that Interfaith training and dialogue ( or indoctrination?) must be embraced by all religions. No exemptions. This is mandatory, political, religious syncretism as international law!  A bishop from Perth enlarged upon this indoctrination to me personally, as we chatted over mouth-watering savories at Parliament House. He was thrilled with the concept of a "well" of spirituality in all religions, which, if one delved deep enough, would show that we all have basically the same faith and the same God. The conference declared a "spark of God" in every man, a "well of faith" in all faiths. The bishop then went on to affirm his belief in the apostate teachings of the New Age teacher, Matthew Fox, and Jungian psychology. How wonderful it was for me to know that the True "well" is the One who declares Himself to be the Fountain of Life, the Living Water, and who told the woman at the well that she would thirst no more if she drank from Himself, Jesus Christ, the Water of Life. Here is the One True and Unique "Well". 

"These are wells without water, clouds that are carried with a tempest; to whom the mist of darkness is reserved for ever." (11 Peter 2:17).

       "But whosoever drinketh of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst:  but the water that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing  up into everlasting life." (John 4:14).

PARLIAMENT HOUSE.

At Parliament House in Melbourne, I spoke with two high level priests of the Anglican church, Archbishop Peter Hollingworth, who is a committee member of the New World Order's Commission for the Future, and the Assist.Bishop of Perth, David Murray - both are avid followers of the New Age ex-Dominican Matthew Fox. Fox who teaches that there was no Fall, no Redemption, and celebrates earth worship, adores "Mother Nature", embraces occultism and believes in mass murder by the "shrinking" of the population of the earth! Fox who is a friend of the Luciferian David Spangler who advocates that all people on earth should undergo the "Luciferian initiation"!

POLITICAL AND ACADEMICS SPEAK.

The input of the academics and politicians at the World Conference on Religion and Peace in Melbourne was chillingly authoritarian. The clamor for "peace" world-wide has caused them to the take the bait of the New World Order, but peace is far from the minds of these internationalists, in reality. Nevertheless the foolish, ungodly "wise" persons at the WCRP deemed it imperative that all religions be stopped from causing war, massacre and disunity on the planet. Yes, religions were blamed for most of the earth's ills. I attended a workshop titled "Religious Fundamentalisms and Social Cohesion", address by John Bodycomb. Dr. John Bodycomb OAM is an ordained "Christian" minister. "He was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia for service to the promotion of religious freedom and fostering ecumenism." He was, until recently, the full-time Chaplain with the University of Melbourne.

Bodycomb's address was before approximately 20 illustrious religious and governmental leaders, which included the Governor of Victoria, Sir James Gobbo, Chairman of the Council of Multicultural Affairs; the Hon.Dame Roma Mitchell, former Governor of South Australia, and former judge of the Supreme Court of S.A.; Reverend Peter Hollingworth, Anglican Archbishop of Brisbane; His Eminence Cardinal Francis Arinze, born in Nigeria, The President of Secretariat for non-Christians and President of the Pontifical Council for Interreligious Dialogue, Member of the Pontifical Council for Promoting Christian unity, he has worked with UNESCO; and Dr. Adamou Ndam Mjoya, President/Moderator of the World Council on Religion and Peace/International, involved with the United Nations, UNESCO, and the World Center of Research and Action for the New Ethics, he has held senior positions in the Government of Cameroon and is presently Minister 

John Bodycomb centered his address on a quite vicious attack, it appeared to me, on Christian Fundamentalist, because he stated that he was after all a Christian himself, and understood this form of religious fundamentalism better than others. Some of the remarks were "acted" out in a most offense manner, to myself as a Bible-based, Christ-honoring Christian. Why was I there, you might ask? How did I come to be in this amazing conference? It was by invitation only, only 350 people in Australia were invited. I was invited! Possibly because we, as an investigative organization, had written for material to WCRP a number of times, they obviously thought we were of the inner-circle, on their team.

The following quotes come from the address by John Bodycomb, a number of other offensive remarks were made, but they are not on the notes, they were ad lib:

       "I have four main points. The first is that religion per se is not inherently bad or good. Archbishop Hollingworth, in the foreword to Professor Ian Plimer's book, "Telling Lie for God" (which is about so-called 'creation science') says 'Just as there is good and bad science, so there is good and bad religion.'

       This is why I cannot allow that religious freedom is an 'absolute' right. I am a passionate supporter of religious freedom, but boundaries are drawn where what is believed and/or practiced has demonstrably adverse effects on the well-being of individuals or on the good order of society....Bad religion can sanctify the worst in us; justify what is miserable and dehumanizing and utterly unworthy of us...Good religion fosters inclusiveness, justice, equity and well-being for all.

       So, what do we mean by this word 'fundamentalism'? As commonly used today, it is a pejorative (derogatory) term, as is the word 'cult'...Anyone we regard as blindly dogmatic becomes a 'fundamentalist'. That has not always been the case. The original 'fundamentalism was a movement early this century among Protestant Christians in the USA. It was in essence a reaction to what was labeled and denounced as 'modernism'. Modernism accepted scientific modes of explanation, including the great age of the cosmos and the theory of evolution.

       It is that all Fundamentalisms reflect a fear that something precious is about to be lost...Mary Jo Weaver, (professor of religious studies and women's studies at Indiana University) says, 'Fundamentals all over the world FIGHT...they fight BACK in a reactive way; for the victory of a particular worldview; fight AGAINST enemies within the group or outside it; fight WITH a chosen repertoire of sources (usually located in the past); and fight UNDER God or some other transcendent reference."

       Common to all is fear, and this fear is motivation for the 'fight'. ...fundamentals resist modernity, they do not fear technology; they use modern technology unashamedly and effectively. Nor do they fear politics. ...'they use public forum, improve their rhetoric, and line up political forces - or even resort to militancy - to gain their ends.'

       They (the fundamental Christians) are not afraid of science. The creationist movement in Christianity embraces science like the ANACONDA, squeezes it to fit with the preconceptions of fundamentalism - even if this means selectively ignoring some data and falsifying other data. (Here Dr. Bodycomb twisted himself into the form of a snake, to make his point visual).

       ...fundamentalists do not fear scorn. As Marty puts it, 'they do not see themselves as being misfits or out of step, agents of a rearguard. Instead, they wish to be regarded as advancing alternatives which, if unpopular, only reveal the corruption of an unaccepting world.'"  (end of quote).

Dr. Bodycomb went on to list his observations on Christian fundamentalism. He called those who believe the fundamentals of the Bible, and embrace creationism, "mean-spirited", " [those who ignore] parts of scripture which are not easily reconcilable with their doctrinal position", "authoritarian, dictatorial and sometimes quite terrifyingly powerful", "discourages independent thinking", "brandishing their floppy bibles like weapons", "careful study, especially of scripture can lead people away from fundamentalist positions." Off the cuff, Bodycomb called Bible-based Christians, "violent", "aggressive", "pathological", "dangerous", similar to those who have caused the religious wars in Ireland and Bosnia. A threat to world peace, fundamentalist, creationist, these "separationist" were denounced in every way possible! Remember, this was before the illustrious political and religious leaders of the globe and Australia who were present. (Yes, Pauline Hanson was given many mentions during the conference as well).

The attack from Bodycomb finished with these words of derision:

       "...it is characteristic of Christian fundamentalism to adopt an isolated and socially divisive position. Texts in scripture like 'come ye apart': and 'be not unequally yoked with unbelievers' are beloved of fundamentalists; these define the true believer's position not only vis-à-vis the world, but vis-à-vis other churches and religions. Most fundamentalism is an expression of what we call 'tribalism'.

       ...Christian fundamentalism tends to provide support for those tendencies in the larger society to be authoritarian, punitive and exclusivist ---incontradistinction to the values of openness, graciousness and conviviality. Those who would bring back corporal punishment to our schools, restore the death penalty for certain offenses, and marginalise those who are not like 'us', often draw a subtle support from fundamentalism, and sometimes it is not so subtle..." (end of quote).

Also present at Bodycomb's work group was a previous presenter, Professor Des Cahill, Professor of Intercultural Studies, RMIT, who had addressed us on Education for Understanding in his own work group. A Catholic (there was a large Catholic delegation) Cahill had also blasted "fundamental" Bible-based Christians, and Christian, Bible-based schooling. He had
previously called such church and school leaders "anti-Semitic", "anti-Catholic" and "child-abusers". Present at most addresses were Jewish Rabbis, including Senior Rabbi John Levi AM, Temple Beth Israel, Victoria.

When John Bodycomb ended his tirade, comments from the small gathering were called for. As a delegate, I rose and spoke these words (as close as I can recall):

       "I charge this conference with vilification against Bible-based Christians; hatred, lack of understanding of this group's position; bigotry; no grace; aggression towards others; militancy and violent behaviour; persecution of a religious group; refusal to allow religious freedom, and intolerance.

    I charge Archbishop Bishop Hollingworth with unsuitable behaviour, in this land which claims to want religious peace and harmony, with disgraceful conduct in supporting Professor Plimer in his seeking to prosecute a religion by taking Creation Science to court, in a public forum, because they believe and teach the Creation Story of their own Sacred Book, the Bible. I charge Archbishop Hollingworth with seeking to vilify the Creation Story of a religion, not another religion, but one he claims to be his own.

       There is more bigotry and religious persecution against Bible-believing Christians in Australia than there is against the Jews or the Islamic people. Yet you say you want "peace and harmony" amongst the religions."

Archbishop Hollingworth replied at length, declaring that the Bible did not teach Creationism as Creation Science, a Bible-based group in Australia, teaches. This was denied by myself, and it was pointed out that the Bible does teach that God created the heavens and the earth, and nowhere did it teach evolution, which all present seemed to have accepted as "scientific".  Cardinal Francis Arinze came to the microphone and supported the rights of all religions to believe and teach their own creation stories, and to stand by the fundamentals of their own Sacred Books - including Bible-based Christians! He declared that the word "fundamental" was meaningless and less than useful. It was decided  ( mainly by Arinze) that the word should not be used to vilify others. This was declared in the Conference Summary before the whole gathering.

Archbishop Hollingworth apologized for the offense he had given to others in regard to his creationist beliefs; and John Bodycomb also apologized for his words which were seen as militant, aggressive and intolerant by myself.

There was much talk at the conference about regarding the "sacred books" of religions as precious resources and "beautiful words." The myths of the aboriginal Dreamtime, as a creation story, was regarded as spiritually alive, wise beyond science etc. Publications on the book tables spoke of the Dreamtime myths as being analogous to Genesis chapter one. The fact is, if these Interfaith 'scholars' attack one creation "story" they attack the others! Strange outcome this. And if other religions are declared to have "freedom", then these people cannot show their own inconsistency by vilifying ANY religion. (In public at any rate).

FUNDAMENTALIST ATTACKED THROUGHOUT.

There were many attacks on "fundamentalists" at the conference. The Governor General of Australia even came into battle against these "separationists". Cardinal Arinze, who has links with the Moslems, Jordan, the World Moslem League and Turkey, also had severe criticism of those who demand that their religion is "superior" to others, and want their countries to have "one religion". We live in a "global village" Arinze insisted, we should have "Unity and Diversity". 

RUDDOCK SPEAKS.

The Hon. Philip Ruddock MP, Minister for Immigration and Multicultural Affairs, addressed the entire assembly, he said:         "in February...I met with the United Nations Special Rapporteur on Religious Tolerance, Mr. Abdelfattah Amor during his visit to this country at the invitation of the Australian Government. His role at the UN is to assess the situation of human rights and specifically examine incidents and Government actions which are inconsistent with the provisions of the Declaration on the Elimination of all Forms of Intolerance and of Discrimination based on Religion or Belief."


THE GOVERNOR GENERAL, SIR WILLIAM DEANE, SPEAKS.

       "The cultures and traditions of the original inhabitants of our continent stretch back into the Dreamtime of 60,000 years ago. When the first Europeans arrived in 1788 to establish a militarily-run penal settlement, they made little sustained effort to understand the nature or the content of those cultures and traditions or the strength of the bonds between the indigenous peoples and their land or territory. Nor was there any real understanding of the extent to which indigenous belief in the supernatural enriched the lives of the Aborigines...

       This afternoon is not an occasion for me to become involved in a debate about what can and cannot be characterized as 'a religion'. I would, however, venture the view that, if one accepts - as Theravada Buddhism demonstrates and the highest court in this country has held - that one can have a religion which is not based on the relationship with a particular deity, it would seem clear enough that not only cultures but also the first religions of our land were those of the indigenous peoples. 

       ...Today, it can truly be said not only that, apart from Aborigines and Torres Strait Islanders, we Australians are all immigrants or descended from immigrants....

       The theme and sub-themes of this Conference focus on the challenge and responsibility of best exploiting the advantages, while avoiding the pitfalls, of religious and cultural diversity at both national and international levels." (End of quotes).

WHAT IS THE WORLD CONFERENCE (COUNCIL) ON RELIGION AND PEACE?

A quote here from Cornelius R.Ferreira will enlighten the reader:

       "One of the long-standing goals of the Masonic New World Order seems finally within grasp: its one-world church, in the making for over 150 years, is about to become institutionalized as the United Religions Organization - the UR. Collaborating on the details are Bishop William Swing of the Episcopal (USA for Anglican) Diocese of California; the Communist Gorbachev Foundation/USA; and certain leaders of the Catholic Church, working through the Interreligious organization known as the World Conference of Religion and Peace.

       Plans for the formation of the UR were first revealed by Bishop Swing at the syncretic service held to commemorate the fiftieth anniversary of the signing of the United Nations Charter. Attending the service in San Francisco's Grace Episcopal Cathedral on June 25, 1995, were representatives of all religions as well as political and spiritual luminaries like Princess Margaret of Britain, Anglican Archbishop Desmond Tutu of South Africa, the president Lech Walesa of Poland and UN Secretary-General Boutros Boutros Ghali.

       One might ask why a religious service (of sorts - it was permeated with consciousness-raising politics) was held to mark the founding of a political group. The answer is that INTERFAITH religiosity is now a must for important social and cultural events, especially those involving world figures, as this gives credibility and form to the concept of a ONE-WORLD religion and community."

SAN FRANCISCO CHOSEN AS HEADQUARTERS.

The event held in Melbourne this July, 1997, under the umbrella of WCRP and the Multicultural Foundation, is not an isolated religious happening, which only wants "peace" "harmony" and "tolerance". It is an internationally planned event, under the headship of the New World Order for the forming of a One-World Church. Behind the scenes lurks Henry Kissinger, the Bilderbergers, The Committee of Three Hundred, the Rockefeller brothers - and let us not forget Maurice Strong, who just "happened" to be in Sydney at the same time as the conference! Did the Archbishop of Canterbury meet with Strong when he just "happened" to be in Sydney when he left Melbourne? I should think it impossible to believe otherwise!

Who is Strong?

He is the New Age international leader who has an 10,000 acres Interfaith/political CENTRE in Baca Grande, USA, where all the religions meet with the New World Order elitists. Henry Kissenger, the Rockefellers, Madeleine Allbright, Bill Clinton, Al Gore - and all the others meet there.

THE ONE-WORLD CHURCH IS EXPECTED TO OPERATE FROM THIS JUNE, 1997.

According to UR literature, the United Religions Organization (UR) had the launching of its written charter this June, 1997. The institution should be fully in place by June 2000, and globally operational by June, 1905. The headquarters will be at the Presidio, the former military base in San Francisco, USA. Ferreira informs us that the UR is patterned after the UN, it has a General Assembly, a Security Council and a Secretary-General, "the UR is meant to be for religions what the UN is for nations". THE GLOBAL ETHIC. The intent to get into Australian society the GLOBAL ETHIC was evident at the Melbourne WCRP gathering. All the way along, through the conference, the naive delegates were confronted with the responsibility of making judgments, contributing ideas and spiritual inspiration for an Australian Ethic. However, it was clear to this observer that HANS KUNG'S and LEONARD SWINDLER'S GLOBAL ETHIC would be trotted out eventually. I was not disappointed. Towards the end of the proceedings, the Global Ethic was cited as a wonderful example of a unified ethical tenet which could be followed in Australia. When I challenged about the lack of even the mention of God in the Global Ethic, it was gratifying to find that others there were grateful to have this pointed out to them. However, what "god" would this represent anyway, if a "god" was added to an Australian Ethic? There were a least a dozen "deities" represented at WCRP. There was much talk of a "global theology" being compiled, said as though it was a spontaneous thought that had arisen during discussions. Not so - the New World Order has already decided what that "global theology" will be - worship of Gaia Mother Earth included!

In October 1996, the second State of the World Forum, at which the UR was presented to the globe, the Global Ethic was basically decided upon. Hans Kung, a Catholic theologian, is the chief compiler of that Ethic. He said to the UN in 1991: "religions must...work with world outlooks that are not religious but that propose views on the deep meaning of life and ethics for living." The global ethic "must center on both man and universe so that HUMANISTIC and religious precepts are included."

WHAT IS HAPPENING IN AUSTRALIA AND THE WORLD?

The meeting this July in Melbourne appeared to be loving, tolerant, beautiful and religious. What we saw there was Satan appearing as an angel of light! To me, as a student of Biblical prophecy, it was as though I was looking into the very face of the Antichrist, as he spread his awesome deceptions amongst the spiritually dead! Pray for our country - religious persecution cannot be far away now! We ALL must undergo Interfaith dialogue and "education", we ALL must accept other religions as having the truth, and accept that Christ Jesus is just another version of the unknowable God. No born-again person could ever agree to such dishonor to the Lord, or accept such blasphemy - yet this will soon be our laws under the United Nations.

His Eminence Cardinal Francis Arinze said in his opening address:

       "What are we going to do with the people in the world who are willing to die for their faith?"

He was speaking of the imperative of accepting all religions as truth, all gods as the same god. What will they do indeed, for there is but One who died on the Cross for the sin of the world; One alone who is the Son of God; One alone who is uniquely the Way, the Truth and the Life. GOD has said,

       "I am the Lord thy God...thou shalt have none other gods before me". "The first of all the commandments is...the Lord thy God is one Lord;" "O Lord, there is none like thee, neither is there any God beside thee..." 
"For though there be that are called gods, whether in heaven or in earth, (as there be gods many, and lords many)

       But to us there is but one God, the Father, of whom are all things, and we in him; and one Lord Jesus Christ, by whom are all things, and we by him." (1 Cor.8:5-6).

SINISTER FORCES AT WORK!

Let us finish on a sober note, from the investigative writing of Cornellius Ferreira:

       " The importance of the World Conference on Religion and Peace was ... underscored when the Vatican hosted the first session of its sixth general assembly in November, 1994. The conference theme was "Healing the World: Religions for Peace". This was the first time an official interfaith conference had been convened at the Holy See. In his opening address, the Pope told the 900 representatives of the world's religions assembled in the Synod Hall that "religious leaders must clearly show that they are pledged to the promotion of peace" and religions must "engage in a promotion of peace" and religions must "engage in a dialogue of mutual understanding and peace on the basis of the values they share." He ended by remarking, "The Vatican is open to you. I hope you all return soon."

       Beside the many non-Christian speakers, the conference featured Fr.Gustavo Gutierrez, one of the founders of Liberation Theology (Christianized Marxism); the President of the ROCKEFELLER Foundation (WHICH PROVIDED FINANCING); Hans Kung, a WCRP international president. discredited by the Pope as a Catholic theologian, but called to present his global ethic (the Assembly sub-theme was "Isolation and Indifference: Searching for a Global Ethic"); and Cardinal Martini of Milan, who is friendly towards Masonry, who wants another Vatican Council to reconsider women's ordination... and who is promoting himself as the next Pope.

       Also speaking were Roger Cardinal Etchegaray, President of the Pontifical Council for Justice and Peace, and Francis Cardinal ARINZE, President of the PontificaL Council for Interreligious DIALOGUE. CARDINAL ETCHEGARAY, AIDED by the WCRP, was the chief organizer of the first Assisi Interreligious prayer meeting in 1986."

Who was this "Cardinal Arinze" who "graced" our shores in Australia this July, 1997? He is a World Adviser to the United Nations', New World Order's syncretic WORLD THANKSGIVING SQUARE in Dallas, Texas. He also is considered by many, many people to be the front-runner in the race to succeed Pope John Paul 11.

FROM THE MELBOURNE AGE, Tuesday 29th July:

       "The Archbishop of Canterbury. Dr. George Carey, says Mass for Melbourne students at St Paul's Cathedral. He also addressed the first Religion and Cultural Diversity Conference in Melbourne, saying the issue was 'one of the most important questions the human family has to grapple with.'... the Archbishop of Canterbury, Dr. George Carey, and one of the leaders of the Catholic church, Cardinal Francis Arinze, urged religions to work together to overcome intolerance, particularly racism....

       Cardinal Arinze,...backed the Archbishop's comments. Cardinal Arinze, who is tipped by many to be the next pope, said living in harmony required the cooperation of religious leaders and policy makers....The conference, which was attended by more than 250 international religious leaders and scholars, ends tomorrow."

  THE GUIDELINES FOR INTERRELIGIOUS UNDERSTANDING:

The April 1996 issue of "Fellowship in Prayer", had Thomas Keating's (OCSO) article "Guidelines for Interreligious Understanding". A Roman Catholic Priest, Keating's article contains revealing data on the united "spirituality" of a variety of world's religions - Buddhist, Tibetan Buddhist, Hindu, Jewish, Islamic, Native American, Russian Orthodox, Protestant, and Roman Catholic.

This data was gathered after several united religious meetings over a number of years. The religious leaders were in agreement on eight points, under the heading of ULTIMATE REALITY. I have listed seven, as given in "Foundation", May/June, 1996:

1. The world religions bear witness to the experience of Ultimate reality to which they give various names: Brahman, Allah, Absolute, God, Great Spirit.

2. Ultimate Reality cannot be limited to any name or concept.

3. Faith is the opening, accepting and responding to Ultimate Reality. Faith in this sense precedes every belief system.

4. The potential for human wholeness - or in other frames of reference, enlightenment, salvation, transformation, blessedness, nirvana - is present in every human person.

5. Ultimate Reality may be experienced not only through religious practices but also through nature, art, human relationships, and service of others.

6. As long as human condition is experienced as separate from Ultimate Reality, it is subject to ignorance and illusion, weakness and suffering.

7. Prayer is communion with Ultimate Reality, whether it is regarded as personal, impersonal or beyond them both. (end of quote).

In following reports from Despatch magazine, the list above will be dealt with in depth.

                    "Neither is there any salvation in any other (Christ Jesus):
                    for there is none other name under heaven given among men,                     whereby we must be saved." (Acts 4:12).

 ON A FINAL NOTE:

The time when Jesus Christ calls His Bride home cannot be far away. If the Lord tarries, we can expect in Australia the unleashing of international persecution against all those who refuse to bow the knee to the combined religions of the Antichrist. Where will you stand, beloved of God?

       "Worthy is the Lamb that was slain to receive power, and riches, and wisdom,   and strength, and honor, and glory, and blessing." (Rev.5:12).

       "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting  life." (John 3:16).

ARE YOU SAVED, READER?

Here are the simple steps to Life in Christ Jesus: 
1. Admit you are a sinner, and repent before a Holy God. (Romans 3:23). 

2. Accept the Sacrifice of Christ on the Cross as your only hope of salvation (Romans 5:8; 6:23).

3. Take Eternal Life in Christ as a free gift from God, not by your own
works (Ephesians 2:8-9).

4. By God's enabling, seek to live for God forever, trusting in His grace and mercy alone (Ephesians 2:10).

FURTHER REPORTS FROM THIS WCRP CONFERENCE WILL BE FORTH-COMING AS SOON AS THEY ARE COMPILED BY W. HOWARD.... When complete a video will also be available.

These will deal with the conference's official papers and recommendations on:

Finding Sacred Ground: Spiritual Solutions to Aboriginal Disadvantage; Global Challenges and Local Responsibilities; Multiculturalism and Vilification Laws; Human Rights, living in a Pluralistic World.

Send for further reports under Report Two, and Report Three. Cost .... or access them online or by email. Christian Resource CENTER. P.O. Box, 238, Landsborough, Qld. 4550.


*********************************************************


Part III  The Gospel of the Stars

The Heavens Declare His Glory, But The Gospel Tells His Story!
(c) Copyright 1997 - Shirley Ann Miller
All Rights Reserved

	Early civilizations worshipped nature because nature gave to them all of the physical necessities for continued existence upon the earth.  Sin brought separation from G-d, and the immediate affect left people sensing the unmistakable void that once was "unified," the spiritual part of man/woman and the physical nature.  The worship of nature was an attempt to explain and experience the creative force of G-d which they could no longer comprehend through their "senses."  

	Man/womankind appear to be bound by natural laws, limited by their capabilities to perceive only what exists in the physical realm of understanding, whereas nature moves beyond the boundary of man's laws in an endless stream of mysterious, unexplainable spirituality.  In contrast, nature's laws within the heavens remain boundless, consistently regulated by predetermined, calculable movements; therefore, to ancient civilization,  nature was perceived as G-d.

	As in ancient civilizations, today people still helplessly grope to find the nature or being of "God."  History repeats over and over again, and the same search that motivated ancient civilizations still encourages people to travel on the same spiritual journey in hopes of discovering the very essence or presence of G-d.  G-d may be sought in nature, through the universe, the heavens, a form of religion, through a mystical, magical, or supernatural search, or even within the "self."  The search may take one on a physical journey through hedonistic pursuits such as drugs, alcohol, sex, or any pursuit which temporarily soothes an aching, lonely, gnawing emptiness.  Whatever, the manner or means, every person on the face of the earth senses the "absence" or the lack of the "presence" of a higher being consisting of goodness and holiness.  

	Even though most Christians do not follow the Apocryphal writings, one particular passage of interest gives a brief explanation of nature worship, and the search for the presence of G-d: 
 
	...for they peradventure to err, seeking
	God, and desirous to find him.  for being
	conversant in his works, they search him
	diligently, and believe their sight:
	because the things are beautiful that are
	seen (Wisdom of Solomon, XIII:5-6).


	In an effort to explain G-d, to reveal His presence on earth, people look for outward "signs" of His being rather than His inward presence through the power of the Holy Spirit.  

	Many Christian Astrologers claim Seth, Enoch, and Noah to be the human instruments behind the origination of the 12 signs of the zodiac, but I believe Biblical history substantiates a form of astronomy rather than astrology.  Ptolemy, an astute astrologer/astronomer, recorded the positions of the known planets, numerous stars, and the constellations.  The Encyclopedia Judaica (Vol. 16, pg. 1191) places the first mention of the 12 signs of the zodiac in the Sefer Yezirah (the Kabbalah) and these were translated directly from the Latin.  Also, according to the Encyclopedia Judaica, the Talmud makes no reference to the 12 signs of the zodiac.  If this be the case, it becomes rather obvious the 12 signs did not originate with the early Hebrews.  Also, W.M. Feldman further documents this in his work, "Rabbinical Mathematics and Astronomy" (Cailingold, 1931, pg. 217) where he also claims astrology's origins to be Babylonian, but that "...some Rabbis were firm believers in the truth of this art."
	
	And let them be for lights in the firmament
	of the heaven to give light upon the earth:
	and it was so.  And God made two great lights;
	the greater light to rule the day, and the
	lesser light to rule the night: he made the 	
	stars also.  And God set them in the firmament
	of the heaven to give light upon the earth.  
	And to rule over the day and over the night,
	and to divide the light from the darkness:
	and God saw that it was good (Genesis 1:15-18).

	
	Very simply, G-d made the sun, moon, and stars in heaven "to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days, and years..." (Genesis 1:14) and "...to give light upon the earth..." (Genesis 1:15).  G-d "...appointed the moon for seasons..." (Psalm 104:19).

	Isaiah, Amos, and even Paul, the Apostle, mention special observances in conjunction with the "new moons."    Three months of the year were kept for feasts:  the Passover in April (Abib or Nisan), Pentecost in June (Sivan), and the three-fold feast, the Day of Atonement and Feast of Tabernacles (Thisri).  This is very important to consider, because if the "stars of the gospel" were established by the Hebrew people as we know them today, then they must have possessed a greater knowledge of the 12 signs of the zodiac and astrological heavens, but this cannot be validated or indicated in scriptural history.  All evidence appears to indicate that any astrological knowledge of the Hebrews came from the surrounding nations that "defiled" the true worship of YHWH.  

	It was the actual "sighting" of the new moons (chodesh) that determined the beginning of each month, and not the passage of the sun into a constellation or 12 signs of the zodiac.  The "moon" is the only planet with special significance, and the year was divided into 12 lunar months (with every 19 years a 13th month x 7).  Further proof can be evidenced from the way the early Hebrew months were simply "numbered" rather than "named."  For example, the Passover was numbered as the 1st month, and each month consecutively.  The Hebrew's observance of the 14th day of Abib (Nisan) doesn't change the fact that Abib means "green ears" and not Aries (Ares or the "ram or lamb").

	And so we read in Genesis 1:14-16, G-d made lights, one being the sun and the other the moon (yareach) "...to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days, and years."  The day being "...And the evening and the morning."  G-d "...appointed the moon for seasons..." (Psalm 104:19).

	The sun, the greater light, ruled over the earth during the day, and the moon, the lesser light, was created to rule over the earth during the night.  This was the "name" given to each light:  sun, moon, stars, etc., with each light having its own function and an explanation on the reason for its creation.  In their functions to "rule" was not as a "god," but merely to indicate their place in the harmony of heaven.

	The sun, moon, and planets represent the timekeepers of the heavens, not the rulers of mankind.  The timekeepers of the heavens give us an indication of time divisions.  The Bible simply indicates the sun and moon were created to divide the day from the night.  They herald the morning, the mid-day, the evening, the night, and the seasons.  Each day of G-d's creation consisted of an "evening and the morning" totaling seven days, and the seventh day G-d rested.  G-d taught mankind the days and the seasons and how they corresponded to the "signs" and changes of the heavens in relationship to earth (Jer. 31:35).

	G-d created the heavens to glorify Him:  "The heavens declare the glory of G-d; and the firmament showeth his handywork" (Psalm 19:1).

	Day after day uttereth speech, and night
	unto night showeth knowledge.  There is
	no speech nor language, where their voice
	is not heard.  Their line is gone out
	through all the earth, and their words
	to the end of the world.  In them hath
	he set a tabernacle for the sun, which
	is as a bridegroom coming out of his
	chamber, and rejoiceth as a strong man
	to run a race (Psalm 19).

How can the "day" uttereth speech, and the "night" reveal knowledge?  Because these are the "signs" of G-d's creation and His covenant with mankind.  The day and night do not actually speak, but their presence in the heavens declare to us, inform us, that G-d created them.  They speak of G-d as Creator, and the "sun" is symbolically compared to the "Son," Jesus Christ.  Jesus Christ symbolized in word as a "bridegroom" coming out of His heaven ("his chamber").  No matter where one looks throughout heaven, they see "the Son," and He is everywhere, nothing is hidden from his view, nor can anyone or anything escape His presence ("heat").

	"He telleth the number of the stars; he calleth them all by their names" (Psalm 147:4).  If there are more than 50 million stars in the heavens, what do you think G-d called them?  The Bible tells us they were called "stars."  As the development of the telescope, more and more stars have been discovered and consequently named by the scientists who discovered them.  The infinite number of stars again points toward a most Wise and Powerful G-d who created more stars than man could ever number or name.

	This does not mean that G-d is in the 12 signs of the zodiac or the constellations, but simply that G-d was portrayed symbolically in the same manner in which the ancient pagan civilizations portrayed their numerous deities.  

	Early civilizations wrote in unusual symbols and mysterious hieroglyphics to express their thoughts, emotions, or record history.  Long abandoned cavern walls, ancient temple mosaics, stone pillars, all became a grand, magnificent canvas for ancient artists to portray their religious' motifs.

	Wherever Jesus went He spoke in parables and symbols because people of this era could relate to these expressions.  Early civilizations expressed their thoughts in stories and imagery.  For example, from the Book of Genesis to Revelation, Satan has always been associated with the "serpent," and Jesus Christ, "a lamb or the good shepherd."  Through parables, Jesus could relate deeper spiritual truths, many of which could then be reinterpreted with deeper and deeper spiritual meanings.

	Christianity, in efforts to express their own religious' emotional fervor, borrowed from ancient paganism's symbols reincorporating some of them for use within Christianity.  Before you gasp in horror read on!  Why would Christians use pagan symbols to depict Christian art?  We forget how intensely early Christians were persecuted, hunted, and slaughtered like animals for their faith.  Early Christian churches were burned to the ground, and great writings of the ancient patriarchs found their way into the fiery ashes, or were later forged and altered into acceptability.  During the most severe persecutions, Christians were forced underground to worship.  Many of the old references to Jesus Christ can be found carved upon 550 miles of the darkened, cavern walls of the ancient Roman catacombs.

	During the times of greatest persecution, the Name of Jesus Christ could not be spoken of openly, and so these Christian burial sites afforded much opportunity for artistic expression.  It is upon these walls where most  Christian symbolism first emerged, and what better way to disguise Christian meanings than within pagan symbols.  Thus, we find the Good Shepherd, Jesus Christ, (depicted as Hermes or Mercury) leading his flock of Christians (depicted as sheep); the pagan ram of Aries, ushering new life in the Spring, then became depicted through Christian art as an innocent lamb symbolizing the new life found in Jesus Christ.  The "ram" of Aries, reapplied, becomes the "lamb" of G-d; the "lion" of Persia becomes the "Lion of Judah."  Aries (aka Assyrian winged bull, Egyptian god-Apis, and the fleece of the Greek god-Ares), became the "ram" and then the "lamb" associated with the planet Mars.  The Babylonians, Egyptians, Greeks, Persians all used the symbol of the "ram" in association with the sign of Aries.

	The eagle, the bull, the fish, and the lion all became symbols representing Jesus Christ, and the dove (symbol of the Holy Spirit) replaced the god, Juno's, representation of immortality.  The forward and backward swimming fishes of Pisces then became the symbol for the "fisher of men."  These cryptic, symbolic meanings found acceptability among the ancient gods and goddesses of the pagans, while secretly offering the Christian a fruitful expression of love and adoration in their worship of Jesus Christ.

	As a protective measure, the early Christian's disguised the true meaning, intent, and purpose of their symbolic worship of Jesus Christ.  For this very reason, many intellectual nonbelievers find it very difficult to believe in Jesus Christ.  When researching the archives of ancient history, they understandably associate the pagan myths of the ancient gods with the person of Jesus Christ, and therefore, portray Him merely as a mythological figure.  Perhaps, one can see a greater meaning in the Scripture passage, "For we walk by faith, not by sight" (II Cor 5:7).

	It wasn't until 754 A.D., when the Church Fathers condemned this symbolic imagery as idolatrous:

	...Satan has little by little reintroduced 
	idolatry under the guise of Christianity...
	Christianity has completely abolished
	Paganism, not only Pagan sacrifices but
	also Pagan images...in the sacrilegious
	spirit of gain represented that which
	should not be represented, and with his
	foul hands dared give shape to that which
	should only be believed in one's heart
	(Delphian Text, 1926, pg. 405).


	It was during this time of contention, that much of the restructuring of the ancient zodiac became reinterpreted.  From 300 A.D. through the Medieval era, much intermixing of pagan mythology and Christianity emerged.

	As Christians, perhaps we might gain an even  greater respect of G-d when we realize the beautiful end-result--through hundreds of years of attempted treachery, forgery, and the most terrible persecution--we still have our Bible.  

	The star's gospel is indeed a star fable.  The gospel of Jesus Christ can only be found written in the Word of G-d.  There is no other gospel.  In these last days, false doctrines and false Christ's will arise in every form, but the one thing that can now never be taken is our faith and the Word of G-d stored within our hearts.  

	Irenaeus of Lyons associated the twisting of scriptures to the story of a "...beautiful image of a king...constructed by a skillful artist from precious jewels...."  A stranger dismantles the king's image and changes the king's appearance reconstructing his likeness into "...the form of a dog or a fox..." and then portrays this image as the true king.  People believe the counterfeit reproduction, and the stranger skillfully "...deceives ignorant people who have no idea what a king looks like..."(Irenaeus, Book I).

	In summary, the star's gospel came from idolatrous worship of the heavens portrayed in the stories of the lives of the gods/goddesses of ancient paganism.  Many of these stories were borrowed from the Hebrew accounts of YHWH, developed further into fables by pagan civilizations, reinterpreted into their own fables by the Hebrews, then Christianity retold the story again using Christian symbols and meanings borrowed from the legends of the gods/goddesses and also Hebrew meanings.  Round and round the story goes, and that is why it is a difficult subject to understand and also to explain.

	After all of this, in the end, may we still proclaim loudly, "The heavens declare His Glory, but the Gospel tells His story!"  

Shirley Ann Miller

sammie@traveller.com
Please visit our web site at: http://www.hsv.tis.net/~sammie/index.html
----------------------------------------------------------

	In my newest book proposal, "Circle of Nimrod:  The False Messiah's Gospel," you will find the original use of the 12 signs of the zodiac (in conjunction with the gospel), was merely a portrayal of the false messiah. 

NOTE:  This should be most interesting to scholars and prophecy experts.

As an example:
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

The "true" gospel                               The "false" messiah's 
contained in the Scriptures                 gospel reveals:  
Father, Son, and Holy Spirit                the gods of Babylon,
Jesus Christ's birth, life,                     Nimrod's birth, life,
death, and resurrection                      death, and resurrection
 Second Coming                                Second Coming

	What we find in the stars' gospel and the zodiac is the story of the false
messiah.  The false messiah who closely resembles the true attributes of
the real Messiah.

In brief:

Circle of Nimrod is as follows:

Scorpius: the serpent/ dragon
Sagittarius Nimrod, the warrior (later)Libra(T) Tammuz
Babylonian sea: Capricornus goat-horned fish Aquarius, the man Pisces, fish-god (the counterfeit Holy Spirit)
Virgo, Queen of depicted by by numerous goddesses
Leo: the "sun" or "son" (Horus)
Aries the Assyrian  "lamb"
Taurus  (the bull) Orion: Nimrod mighty hunter
Gemini Sirius the dog star  (navigational stars:Castor/ Pollux

----------------------------------------------------------
The above example is completely documented in "Circle of Nimrod:  The False Messiah's Gospel."

----------------------------------------------------------
Special Note:  Any of the articles on the "gospel in the stars" contained within the PropheZine Newsletters may be copied only in its entirety and distributed freely, and only with this Copyright notice attached.

Shirley Ann Miller
P.O. Box 6404
Huntsville, Al  35824

sammie@traveller.com
Please visit our web site at: http://www.hsv.tis.net/~sammie/index.html

See other books available including:

"TEMPERA MYSTICISM"  Astrology and the four temperaments of the personality:  sanguine, choleric, phlegmatic, and melancholy.


***********************************************************

666
Another prewrath article by R.g. Wallace

For many centuries now, a big deal has been made about the number of the
beast, 666. Believers have struggled with numerics, done back flips and
cart wheels to try to figure it out. All to no avail, for we have simply
amassed hundreds of speculations and viewpoints about the name of the beast
and the number of his name. What then of the instructions at Revelation
13:18, "Here is wisdom. Let him who has understanding calculate the number
of the beast, for the number is that of a man; and his number is 666."

It seems probable that the instruction is indeed given to the church and
that, accordingly, the church should be able to determine the identity of
the beast. But I suggest that the church has been going on a wild goose
chase all these years in trying to discover the answer to this riddle. In
general, the church has misapplied this instruction as some kind of mandate
to figure out and determine who the beast is before he even comes on the
scene. But instead it has only resulted in a myriad of speculations and
failures to identify him.

The reason for this failure is simple. He is not here. Furthermore, it was
never the intent of the instruction that the church "calculate" the number
of the beast's name prior to the start of that "end times" period known as
Daniel's 70th week. It is for that specific group of believers who will be
alive when the 70th week of Daniel begins.

In the context of a prewrath rapture (or even a post-trib rapture),
according to which, the church will be present during the first 3 1/2 years
of the 70th week and prior to the time that the beast is revealed as the
man of lawlessness, the instructions to calculate his number and discern
who he is takes on a much greater significance.
The implication is then, that the ones who have understanding within the
church, during the time prior to the revealing of the beast will be able to
identify him for certain before he actually "takes his seat in the temple
of God."

This also suggests that the church may be unable to identify the man (world
ruler) who makes the covenant of religious toleration in the Middle East at
the beginning of the 70th week except through application of Revelation
13:18.
It should be obvious that identification of the beast AFTER he is revealed
as the man of lawlessness is no issue. So the instructions to calculate
must refer to a time period prior to that revealing, during which a very
precise and irrefutable identification can be made.

Today, such an irrefutable identification cannot be made. All we can do is
speculate and guess and wrestle with imaginary scenarios about Hitler,
Kennedy, Kissinger, Reagan, Saddam, Clinton, Matreya, the Pope, Judas
Iscariot, and even King Solomon, etc.

But when we find ourselves living in the sphere of a Middle East Peace and
Tolerance Accord (M.E.P.T.A.) which authorizes Israel to have a sanctuary
and animal sacrifices, then we should begin our search and our calculations
in reference to the man and/or organization that established the accord.

To summarize:
The current Middle East crisis demands a solution. Representatives from the
United States, the United Nations, the European Union, Russia, the Catholic
Church, not to mention the leaders from the several nations specifically
involved in that area, are all diligently seeking that solution. The
popularly held Biblical view, is that a dynamic individual with a "Roman
Empire" heritage will be the one to pull things together and bring order
out of the chaos by establishing a "peace" of religious toleration. This
"peace resolution" will apparently defuse the cultural and religious time
bomb in the Middle East and will allow Israel her ancient worship rituals
in Jerusalem while accommodating the Islamic claims to the city as well.

However, at the time that the accord or resolution is put into place, the
identity of this resourceful individual may not be publicly known to the
world.  The Bible clarifies that the man of lawlessness will not be
revealed until the time that he breaks this "peace resolution" and
institutes beast worship in its place (Mat. 24:15; 2 Thes. 2:3-4; Rev. 13;
Dan. 9:27). This seems to suggest that his identity will not be known until
that time. Yet that is just the point of Rev. 13:18. Once the world ruler
ushers in a resolution to the Middle East crisis, whether his involvement
is publicly known or not, the church, which will still be present, will be
able to "calculate the number of the beast," and prepare for the time he is
revealed to initiate the great persecution of Matthew 24:9-29.

R.g. Wallace, 7-10-97


*****************************************


The Approaching Apocalypse 
by Bryan Hupperts


This millennium is ending amid turmoil and speculation about the End Times. Psychic 900-number companies abound, promising spiritual answers to life's hard realities, and unanswered questions.

But do they speak for God? 

It's almost amusing to watch these "spiritual" charlatans try to out-do each other for your $3.99 a minute. From Master Psychics to Professional Psychics, this industry preys on the fears and hunger of people seeking reality. The Bible says, "Should a people consult wizards and mediums and not their God?" Obviously not. And God doesn't charge by the minute for his counsel. 

The prophets wrote concerning our day several thousand years ago. And the Biblical test for a prophet is to be 100% accurate. Anyone whose prophecy failed was immediately taken out and stoned to death (Stoning is not a new testament practice). It's no wonder psychics hide behind telephones! They do not speak by, or for, the Living God. They speak by the spirit of anti-christ. True prophets described our day with astonishing accuracy. They foretold of both  he End of the Age, and the coming of the One who would be both Savior and King.

The greatest prophet who ever lived was Jesus of Nazareth. Born of a virgin, he fulfilled many prophecies written about him hundreds of years before his birth. He lived a perfect, sinless life, only to be crucified on a Roman cross. This was foretold by the prophets 800 years before this method of torture and criminal execution was known. Most amazingly, He rose bodily from the dead three days after His burial, appearing to many who later sacrificed their lives testifying of His resurrection. 

The Bible records all of the prophecies concerning the End Times in which we now live. Because the psychics are not 100% accurate in their predictions, reject them. Open the Bible and read for yourself a surer word of prophecy.

Prophecy is future news you can use. 

In Matthew's Gospel, Chapter 24, Jesus gave the Signs of the End of the Age. And He was not only a prophet, but the very Son of God, the Word made flesh. One of his names is Emmanuel, which means "God with us." He is really God packaged as a man, and proved it by rising from the dead. When most people die, they tend to stay buried and dead! Unless they happen to be Almighty God!

Jesus taught that in the Last days, false prophets would arise and deceive many. I believe He was referring in party to the psychic craze sweeping the world today. These deceivers fool the unsuspecting with a false spirituality that is rooted in the occult, not the Living God. 

Jesus taught that no man would know the day or hour of his return, but that we could know the sings of His coming: Wars and rumors of wars, famines, and great earthquakes in various places. If you have seen the news lately, you have to conclude that mankind has never lived in an hour like this one. All the signs point to the End of the Age and His return. 

The first warning sign Jesus gave is that we make sure no one deceives us. 

The only way to be sure someone is speaking for God is to compare it to His Word, the Bible.

A stunning prophecy in the Bible is being fulfilled in our time. The armed four Horsemen of the book of Revelation (Chapter 6) are well known. 

The first rider on the white horse represents the Antichrist.  The second, a fiery red horse, speaks of bloodshed and war. The third rider on a black horse, speaks of famine.  The last rider of the Horsemen, a pale horse, has remained a mystery until recent breakthroughs in medical science.

"I looked, and there before me was a pale horse! Its rider was named Death, and Hades was following close behind him. They were given power over a fourth of the earth to kill. . . by the wild beasts of the earth." Rev. 6:8 

Sexually Transmitted Diseases (STDs), which are killing millions around the world, are viruses that started in blood of animals. These pass through sexual contact between men and animals, and entered the human blood stream, where they turned lethal. HIV, the virus believed responsible for the AIDS virus, is theorized to come from monkeys even as syphilis came from sheep. Animal bites and the sin of bestiality are the source of the STD plagues that threaten the human race. 

AIDS may very well be the fulfillment of the prophecy and the identity of the rider of the pale horse. 

He (Death) was given power to kill one in four people through the wild beasts of the field. Can you dismiss this as mere coincidence? The prophets foretold by the Spirit of God that death would spread by the beasts of the field to mankind. Let God be true and every  psychic a liar. The wages of sin is death. Look to the plague victims who are dead and dying, and do not be deceived. Whatever you sow, you (and many others) really do reap.

The Good News is that God takes no pleasure in suffering. In His foreknowledge of history, He warned us of coming judgments so that we would know to turn to Him for mercy and healing. He doesn't want anyone to perish, but wants all to come to Him and be willing to quit sinning. God is not only the Law-giver, but for those who come to Him in faith, He is Life-giver.

Read Revelation 16, verse 11. "Men gnawed their tongues in agony and cursed the God of heaven because of their pains and sores, but they refused to repent (turn from) what they had done." 

Horrors are multiplying as plagues, famines, and great earthquakes shake confidence that there is safety or sanity left in the world. The Antichrist will be revealed and declare himself to be God and will demand your worship. 666, the mark of the Beast, and all other events concerning the End Times are recorded in the greatest prophetic book ever written, the Bible.

God recorded these future events by the hand of His true prophets to warn you. But there is no need to fear. He loves you! Understand that this present world was judged when Jesus died on the cross as payment for you sin and mine, and will soon pass away.

Choose this day whom you will serve. 

Either listen to deceivers who will lead you to a devil's Hell, or heed the Truth that will set you free. Jesus Christ will return to earth in Judgment at the battle of Armageddon (the Apocalypse). I urge you to receive Him now as your Lord and Savior, or reject His mercy and face Him as your Judge. He is the One from whom "the heavens and earth flee away" in dread.

All people great and small, living and dead, will appear at the Judgment Seat of Christ. If you will receive Him now into your heart, you will stand with him forgiven. Reject Him, and you bear the penalty for your sin: eternal separation from God in the Lake of Fire (which is an eternal penitentiary made to imprison the devil and his angels) forever!

Psychics speak delusions for money. Reject them for the false prophets they are. The true prophets who foretold of the coming of Jesus and the sings of the End of the Age also wrote that we should "call upon the name of the Lord and be saved." 

If you are interested in knowing more about Jesus Christ and His free gift of eternal life, or the Bible and the End Times, please call or write.

Sheep Don't Sleep
1108 Perry Avenue
Cape Girardeau, MO 63701 USA
(573) 339-1551
Internet: bryanh@igateway.net - http://www.igateway.net/~bryanh 
Copyright © 1997. Sheep Don't Sleep Trax. All rights reserved.
This publication may be reproduced in its entirety and distributed without cost. 
 

***********************************************************


Basically Speaking -
Foundations in Bible Truth
By R.g. Wallace

Greetings all ye readers of PropheZine.
God has graced me with a wonderful opportunity and privilege to minister to you each issue in the area of basic Bible truths. Of course, Ray had a little bit to do with it, so thanks are hereby extended to him.  In the issues ahead we will look at foundation doctrines designed to train and equip the believer for success not only in his ambassadorship, but also in the everyday pressures that come our way from the world in which we live. The Christian lives in a very antagonistic environment here on earth.
1 John 5:19 says, "the whole world lies in the authority of the evil one." Paul calls this, "the present evil age," (Gal. 1:4) and exhorts the believer to lay aside the deeds of darkness and put on the armor of light," (Rom. 13:12). He tells us to put on the Lord Jesus Christ and not be predisposing ourselves to follow the lusts of the flesh (Rom. 13:14). Flesh refers to the sin nature which resides in our physical bodies (Rom. 7:18a) and is the 2nd factor of the antagonistic environment in which we live. Peter tells us that these fleshly lusts "wage war against the soul," (1 Pet. 2:11) and Paul says that the "flesh dictates its desire against the Spirit and the Spirit dictates His desire against the flesh," (Gal. 5:17). Thus we also have within us a resource to help resist the lusts of the sin nature, and that is the indwelling presence of God the Holy Spirit. We also have the promise of 1 Cor. 10:13, that God will provide a way of escape so that might escape the common and natural temptations that come our way. What is often not understood is that "the way of escape" is not some supernatural provision "zapped" to you at the moment of the temptation, but it is something God has already made available to us in His word. And it is the individual responsibility of each believer to learn it and then use it in order to reap the benefits of that "way of escape." It is this activity that James says will result in great happiness,

"But the one who looks searchingly into the perfect law of liberty and abides by it, . . . this man shall be HAPPY in what he does" (James 1:25, BFT).

The word of God must be stockpiled in our heart so that we might not sin against Him (Psalm 119:11). This is accomplished through spiritual growth as Peter indicates, "but grow in the grace and knowledge of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ,"  (2 Pet. 3:15).
The believer should feed upon this word frequently and hungrily just like a newborn baby who desires so intensely its mother's milk, (1 Pet. 2:2).

Then and only then will we be able to fulfill the 3-fold purpose for which God leaves us here on earth after we are born again.

FIRST: We are here to change our soul. We have years and years of human viewpoint and negative character flaws and habits. From these we need to be cleansed and only God's word in the soul will do it.

"Therefore having these promises (promises of fellowship and blessing), beloved, let us cleanse ourselves from all defilement of flesh (the physical body) and spirit (the inner man), bringing holiness (a God-like character) to completion in reverence to God." 2 Cor. 7:1 (BFT)

"But the goal of the instruction is love, out from a pure heart (sin confessed and forgiven) and a good conscience (standards in the soul) and an unhypocritical faith (acceptance of the standards)." (BFT)

SECOND: We are here to experience Christ's quality of life. Jesus promised us the abundant life of peace, joy and inner stability at John 10:10b, "I came so that they might have life (salvation relationship) and might have abundance (a full quality of life)." (BFT)

1. Peace:  John 14:27
2. Joy: John 15:11
3. Stability (confidence): John 16:1
4. All three: Romans 15:13

THIRD: We are here to serve God as representatives of His light in a world of darkness.

"But you are an elect race, a royal priesthood, a unique nation, a people for (God's) treasured possession. So that you might proclaim the virtues of Him who called you out of darkness into His awesome light." (1 Pet.2:9, BFT)

Paul makes the connection between our spiritual growth and our service at Philippians 2:14-16,

"Do all things without emotional reaction or intellectual rationalization, so that you might function blameless (without sin) and pure (without human viewpoint) as children of God above reproach (consistent testimony) in the midst of a (morally) distorted and (spiritually) perverse generation, among whom you shine as lights in the world, while holding onto the word of life," (Philip. 2:14-16a, BFT).

Thus, the need for consistent and thorough instruction in God's word. Ideally, this is found within one's local church where there is a pastor-teacher who is able, like Paul, to "make full explanation of the word of God, (Col. 1:25, BFT). But God has preserved for us today, His written word in great abundance, and each believer can and should spend many hours each week (if not each day) in a diligent study and meditation on the truths found therein. However, it is of the greatest importance that in all Bible study we follow a linguistically logical system of interpretation, since God provided His word in human languages with the full intent that we should understand it within the context of normal human communication. Accordingly, I leave you with the Golden Rule of Interpretation.

When the plain sense of scripture makes common sense, seek no other sense; therefore, take every word at its primary, ordinary, usual, literal meaning in the original languages, unless the facts of the immediate context, studied in the light of related passages and axiomatic and fundamental truths, indicate clearly otherwise.

In love and grace,
R.g.Wallace


*********************************************

 PropheZine NewsBytes


The following newsbytes are from the Jack Van Impe web site to see more you can access this site at the PropheZine Prophecy links page.

Powerful El Nino forecast

What could be the strongest El Nino in more than a decade is developing in the eastern Pacific, threatening to disrupt weather patterns throughout the world.

No one is sure what that will mean. While the El Nino of 1982-83 brought heavy rains and flooding to the West Coast, climatologists say the condition is just as likely to cause droughts.

El Nino is the name scientists use for a warming trend in the waters of the eastern Pacific. It was named by Peruvian fishermen for the baby Jesus, because it is usually most noticeable around Christmas time. As surface waters warm, moist air rises and disrupts the normal flow of the jet stream winds that steer weather patterns around the world.

"This is not the average El Nino," said Ants Leetmaa, director of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Climate Prediction Center. "This is looking much more like a big one than a small one. This is shaping up to have a large, significant impact all across the globe." (Matthew 16:2-3)


World weather unusually wet

Weather in many parts of the world last year was marked by heavy rainfall that caused great death and destruction, according to the World Meteorological Organization.

It was the eighth warmest year on record since 1860 and the second consecutive year of above-normal hurricane activity. While scientists are predicting an El Nino condition beginning this year, last year's weather was affected by a condition known as La Nina -- colder-than-normal water in the Pacific ocean west of Peru and Ecuador that began in 1995. (Luke21:25-26)

Huge ozone hole over Russia

A huge ozone hole has developed over northern Siberia stretching toward the North Pole, according to scientists.

The hole is a record 2,000 kilometers in length with ozone levels as low as those over Antarctica. This tragedy will cause the number of incidents of skin cancers to rise horrendously as the rays of the sun reach earth unhindered. (Revelation 16:8-9)

Israelis mark 'miraculous' victory

Many Israelis commemorated the 30th anniversary of the Six-Day War by acknowledging that their victory over superior forces was "miraculous."

"Among religious Israelis, there seems to be a consensus that the Six Day War was not just a stunning military victory over a superior army, but that some other factor or force was involved," said a Jerusalem Post report in June. "No better illustration of this point of view is the decision after the war by then-Chief Rabbi Isser Yehuda Unterman to rule that Hallel, special psalms of praise, should be recited on Jerusalem Day, and that these psalms should be preceded by the recitation of a blessing." The reason for the Six-Day War and the accompanying Jewish victory was to prepare the way to eventually establish Messiah's throne at Jerusalem. (Psalm 2:6, Zechariah 14:16, Matthew 5:35)

Millions for the millennium

Millions of Christians from around the world are already preparing to visit the Holy Land to celebrate the 2000th anniversary of the birth of Jesus.

The Vatican predicts that 10 to 15 million Christian tourists will visit Israel during the year 2000. Israeli tourism minister Shabtay Shay is predicting more like 5 or 6 million, "provided the political situation doesn't worsen."  Shay estimates that in the year 2000, 90 percent of the tourists will be Christians, compared with 75 percent in most other years. (Daniel 12:4)

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

This is from the Prophetic News and Analysis web sit at http://www.clis.com/noe/events.html

The Millennial Computer Bomb
by Mike Noe Jr.

It is becoming increasingly disconcerting to governmental and private organizations as the year 2000 approaches and a massive failure of computers everywhere is looming. The problem stems from the inability of most computers to recognize dates beyond 1999. It is estimated to require hundreds of billions of dollars to fix this problem world wide. My curiosity can't help wonder why such an ominous crisis exists in the first place, and why wasn't something done about it years ago? 

Changes in software code will fix the problem, but it is tedious and time consuming (i.e. expensive). Why were computers programmed this way in the first place? It wasn't because they needed the extra space as has been reported. As I studied this, and prayed about it I came to realize that it was probably a well planned plot coinciding with many other cataclysmic events surrounding the year 2000. 

Computers today are rapidly becoming obsolete, however, the biggest drawback is they are not very interactive and don't allow for advanced two way communication or monitoring. What I see happening is preparation for a massive switch to the advanced two way technology afforded by the wedding of television with digital computers. We have what is now called Web TV which has a powerful encryption and transmission rate. It is truly interactive, and could easily become the universal replacement for today's and yesterday's computers and televisions. 

NEWS FLASH AND UPDATE

NEW YORK (AP) 6/9/97 Microsoft Corp. is investing $1 billion in Comcast Corp., the nation's fourth-largest cable company, in an effort to push forward the marriage of the Internet and television. The deal, announced today, strengthens the software company's position in cable TV. It already jointly owns cable's MSNBC, with partner NBC. Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates has expressed frustration at the speed with which broadcasters and consumer electronics companies have adopted digital technologies. In a statement, Gates said his vision for connecting computers and television includes advanced "capabilities to deliver video, data and interactivity to the home. Comcast's integrated approach to cable distribution, programming and telecommunications complements that vision of linking the PC and TV.'' 

Two tell-tale signs are the federal government's strenuous efforts to control Web TV's very powerful encryption capabilities, and the fact that the world's richest man Bill Gates with his software company Microsoft, just bought Web TV for a relatively modest sum. Bill Gates and his staff are masters at looking ahead at where the computer/tech worlds are going, or making them go there by overwhelming and undercutting their competition. Gates sudden interest in Web TV is remarkable because it wasn't something his company was interested in the recent past. 

My scenario is simple, the FCC has just mandated the implementation of digital television within the next few years, Federal law enforcement wants access or control to the powerful encryption properties of digital/computer television, and Bill Gates (now a player in the New World Order) wants to stay the biggest and richest guy (with the largest software company) in the world. Microsoft is cooperating on other New World Order technology requests such as smart and biometrics cards. 

So, it won't be surprising when all the world is forced to switch to some type of digital computer/two interactive system that will facilitate the Orwellian nightmare of government surveillance and control of commerce and the privacy of the general population . You will find it much easier and cheaper to buy the new type of computer/television in few years, and next to impossible fix your current one. The deck will be stacked totally against those who balk at such intrusive technology. 

noe@bmd.clis.com

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Yes folk it is here and very well alive in the US. Christian persecution. More and more we are seeing Christians being rated as second class citizens. What is next? Being fed to the lions? Ray PZ

 Christian Persecution in the West

The father of a fifth grade student in California contacted The Rutherford Institute after his daughter was singled out by her teacher for her religious beliefs. In the classroom, the teacher discussed the "coming out" episode of the television sitcom "Ellen" with the students, stating her opinion that Ellen was brave and a hero. When one student stated that she disagreed with the teacher's assessment, she was pulled out of the classroom and told that, no matter what her parents taught her, she should be more open-minded and should listen to other people's viewpoints. The Rutherford Institute sent information for the father to share with the principal, and stands by to offer further assistance.

A high school senior in California has been told that, if he does not complete his twelve hours of mandatory community service, he will not be allowed to graduate. The student has a job during after school hours, and the father objects to his son's forced labor for the school district.

A community center in South Dakota told one of its aerobics instructors that she may not use any Christian music in her classes because of the "separation of church and state."

A church in Oregon was told that they would be charged $25.00 for their use of a local public school's gymnasium, while other non- religious community groups are not charged anything for the use of the same facility. The Rutherford Institute sent legal information for the pastor to present to the principal, and stands by to offer further assistance if needed.

A church group in California contacted The Rutherford Institute when they were told that they may not enter a local shopping mall for the purpose of evangelizing. Shopping malls in California are considered to be public property on which free speech rights are protected.

The mother of a fifth grade student in Idaho contacted The Rutherford Institute after her son was shown a video in his physical education class about maturation. The mother asked to preview the video, but was shown a different film than the one shown to her son. When confronted with the secrecy of the video presentation, the principal said that the issue was out of his hands because a local doctor was responsible for the film's contents.

A Christian students' group at a public college in Washington state has been denied school funding because of its religious affiliation, and has been told that the group's meetings may not be evangelistic in nature.

A thirteen year old boy in Hawaii was removed from his home for two weeks after a Child Protective Services investigation that took place at the boy's school without parental knowledge. The investigator found out that the boy had been spanked when they questioned him about his family at school.

A school district in Montana has adopted a policy whereby no student-initiated prayer at school events is allowed.

A public employee in Oregon has been told that she must attend a diversity training seminar specifically aimed at making employees sensitive to homosexuals. The employee has religious beliefs that are contrary to the philosophy to be propounded at the seminar, and contacted The Rutherford Institute to defend her right not to attend.

A church in Washington has been told that, since they do not have a building in progress for their new church, they may not use a local school's facilities for fear of the violation of the separation of church and state. Other community groups such as the YMCA use the school's facilities without restriction.

A high school in Montana has the practice of allowing female students to be excused from school to visit a local family planning facility. However, students may not be excused to visit the local crisis pregnancy center.

A public employee in California was denied his request to continue holding employee Bible studies in a conference room during lunch time because of the "separation of church and state." Other employee groups meet in the same facility for lunchtime meetings.

Parents in Washington contacted The Rutherford Institute when their child's school principal denied their request to opt their son out of a maturity assessment questionnaire in conjunction with student- led seminars taking place in the school.

A teenager in California was denied a religious exemption for the state department of motor vehicle requirement that all applicants for a driver's license provide their social security number.

A dyslexic student at a high school in Oregon is being denied special education services because the public school district does not have the capabilities to educate the boy properly. The district refuses to look into alternatives for the boy.

A ten-year-old girl in California was given a psychological exam at her public school in order to enter a special reading program. When the exam revealed that the girl had a suspected "sexual identity problem," the school refused the parent's request that the comment about the child's sexual identity be left out of her personal file.

A pro-life protestor was arrested for passing out literature and telling people that entered an abortion clinic that "they kill babies in there."

A health care customer service representative in California was fired because he refused to refer callers to abortion providers because of his religious beliefs.

A home schooled student in Nevada has been denied access to the district spelling bee in his area because he is not a public school student. The sponsors of the state and national spelling bees say that they welcome participation by home schoolers, but the public school will not have anything to do with home schooled students regarding extra-curricular activities.

The mother of a sixth grade student in California contacted The Rutherford Institute after her son was exposed to a play containing talk of sexual activity in his history classroom. The mother had previously notified the school that her son was not to have any part in assignments or activities that have to do with sexual subject matter or family life education.

A church was sued when it refused to return money that had been tithed by its members after the members declared bankruptcy.

An employee in a medical sales company in California was fired when after he told his boss that he was thinking about going into the ministry some day.

A home-schooled student in Nebraska was denied a "good student" discount from State Farm Insurance company simply because she is home schooled.

A man in California has been told that he will be required to provide the state with fingerprints and a Social Security number in order to receive a driver's license.

A military employee was written up for insubordination because she had a verse from the Biblical book of Proverbs on her screen saver saying "My enemies are my teachers and my motivators."

A teacher's aid at a public school in California was told that he may not mention God or anything to do with religion at the school, even to other employees.

A woman in Utah has been informed that the state will no longer provide Aid For Dependent Children (AFDC) benefits for her because she is not employed outside of the home. The woman keeps other people's children in her home along with her own children to avoid putting her own children into government day care, but the state is not satisfied with her self-employment.

A resident counselor at a troubled teens' home in Nebraska was fired after she shared her faith with residents that asked her about her religious beliefs.

A large company in Nevada has implemented a policy whereby employees may not engage in any religious activity at all on the work site, including the distribution of religious literature, the discussion of religious matters, or the display of personal religious articles.

A couple in Colorado has been told that, as a part of a payment plan to get rid of a debt to the Internal Revenue Service, they will not be able to pay tithes to their church until the debt is removed.

A public school district in California has allowed the local teachers' union to campaign on school grounds, asking teachers to wear pins supporting democratic incumbents in the recent elections. A school board candidate contacted The Rutherford Institute when he was told that he may not likewise campaign on school grounds.

A twelve-year-old girl in Washington was told that she may not distribute invitations to a church event because of the "separation of church and state," even though other students may pass out party invitations and other community advertisements. The Rutherford Institute sent information for the girl's mother to share with the school administration, and stands by to offer further assistance.

Prisoners in a California state correctional facility have been denied their request for communion and baptism services in the prison.

An eight year old boy in California was told that he could not play a tape about Bible characters during class tape sharing time. The teacher told the boy that his was an "at home" tape because of its religious content. The Rutherford Institute sent information for the boy's mother to share with the teacher, and stands by to offer further assistance.

A family in Washington was denied tax exemptions for their dependent children because they refused to get Social Security numbers for their children as a result of their religious beliefs.

Students at a community college in California have been called "ignorant" and told to leave their physics class because they stated their belief in scientific principles of Creationism.

A Wiccan prisoner in a Nebraska state correctional facility is being denied his requests to hold religious ceremonies in his cell or outside during free time because the prison's religious coordinator does not recognize the prisoner's religion as legitimate. The same prisoner has had religious jewelry confiscated from him, and has been denied the right to order religious paraphernalia from outside sources.

A community Bible study group was denied their request to use a local public elementary school's facilities during non-school hours for meetings because of the "separation of church and state," even though other community groups such as the Boy Scouts use the same facilities regularly. The Rutherford Institute sent information to the Bible group leader to present to the school administration, and stands by to offer further assistance.

A public employee in California was told that she may not discuss the Bible or pray with other employees during break time on government property. The Rutherford Institute sent information to the employee to share with her supervisor in an effort to seek accommodation.

A home schooled student in California was told that he could not take elective classes at the local public school unless he was enrolled as a full-time public school student.

A substance abuse counselor in California was reprimanded for talking to state prisoners about her faith, and told that she could not use any religious references at all while on the job, even in speaking with other employees.

A fourteen-year-old boy was told that he may not wear religious t- shirts to school, even though students wear t-shirts with logos on them without restriction. The school principal told the boy that religious shirts are fine for church, but are not appropriate in school. The Rutherford Institute sent information to the boy's mother to share with the principal and stands by to offer further assistance if the school does not back down.

An employee in Colorado contacted The Rutherford Institute when her company adopted a policy whereby all employees would have to work seven days each week. When the employee made an objection concerning the new policy to her employer on the basis of her religious beliefs regarding the Sabbath, she was told that employees who would not comply would be disciplined. The Rutherford Institute sent the employee information to present to her employer in an effort to seek accommodation, and stands by to offer further assistance.

A private company in California has stated that religious employee groups may not have the same privileges as other employee groups on company property. Ethnic groups and Gay and Lesbian groups meet on the company's property and use the company's resources, but the religious groups was told that their presence would be too "controversial."

The Rutherford Institute
Tel: (804) 978-3888
E-Mail: tristaff@rutherford.org

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

F.Y.I. - Israel in the News
Week Ending: August 16, 1997/13 Av 5757
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"But the L-ord abides forever; He has established His throne for judgment;
He will execute judgment for the peoples with equity." Psalm 9.8
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

MACHANE YEHUDA UPDATE: Eli Adorain, 49, a resident of Kfar Adumim and the father of four, became the 14th victim of the Machane Yehuda suicide
terrorist attack Monday. He died of severe burns sustained in the blast.
Forty-seven victims of the attack remain hospitalized. Four are in serious
condition.

In another development, it seems that the martyrdom operation, which was
carried out by the two Palestinians in Jerusalem, is a prelude to other
operations, not only in Israel, but also in other capitals in the region,
such as Damascus, Beirut, and Tel Aviv, according to Al Urdun. The
Palestinian Authority (PA) believes that many in the camps in Lebanon will
be ready to carry out martyrdom operations should they manage to enter
Israel. What the Palestinian sources said is only one link in the cycle of
violence, which is being planned to explode the region, from Lebanon and
Syria, passing through Israel, Judea and Samaria, and the Gaza Strip;
something that is expected to introduce much change to the security and
peace map, and even into the peace process in general, through the
participation of Arab and non-Arab parties. US and European intelligence
reports, particularly French reports, say that irregular forces affiliated
with Iran, the Algerian Arab Afghans, and Islamic movements, such as
Hizb'Allah, Hamas, and the Islamic Jihad, in addition to the Palestinian
opposition faction and other factions loyal to PA Chairman Yassir Arafat,
are being massed in Lebanon, waiting for the zero hour. The other grouping
[factions loyal to Arafat] is aimed at pressuring Syria and the
Palestinian organizations opposing peace. The intelligence sources added
that Palestinian groups have recently arrived in Lebanon with forged
Lebanese and Yemeni passports, and that Syrian and Lebanese intelligence
have arrested more than 100 persons affiliated with the Fatah Movement,
the terrorist organization controlled by Arafat, including Captain Jamal
al-Nada and Lieutenant Yusuf Abu-Awf, who, during interrogation, admitted
that they and the group are entrusted with the task of attacking Syrian
Army positions and a number of important posts in Lebanon, in addition to
carrying out bombing operations in Syria and Lebanon. The Syrian and
Lebanese security forces have also confiscated quantities of weapons,
missiles, and RPG launchers. Meanwhile, it was revealed that Algerian
Afghans have arrived in Lebanon from Iran. The bombing scenario was
confirmed by the French and US intelligence. (IINS, ZINC)

TISHA B'AV: On Tuesday, Tisha B'Av, police permitted small numbers of the
Temple Mount and Land of Israel Faithful Movement to go onto the Temple
Mount as they do annually on this day, marking the destruction of the
First and Second Temples. The participants, dressed in sack cloth, were
prohibited from uttering any words of prayer. The leader of the Movement,
Gershon Salomon was not permitted on the Temple Mount despite several
previous rulings by the Supreme Court allowing him access to the Mount.
Shortly thereafter, members of the Chai Vekaiyam organization tried to go
onto the Mount and pray. They were stopped by police and literally
dragged out of the area. Police arrested at least 11 persons. About 50
persons participated in the activity as some tried to get onto the Mount
while others blocked police.

In a related item, the Chai Vekaiyam movement claims that it is in
possession of tapes of last Friday's weekly sermon at the Al Aksa mosque,
in which the speaker calls for the murder of Jews who attempt to pray on
the Temple Mount. The movement submitted the tapes to the police, and
asked them to investigate.

Meanwhile, as thousands began to gather for Tisha B'Av services at the
Western Wall Monday night, a group of about 200 Conservative Jews were
told to leave the Western Wall area. The group, which intended to conduct
a prayer service with men and women together was ordered out of the area
by the head of Israel's religious sites. Police moved in and enforced the
order. Orthodox Jews object to repeated attempts to conduct prayer
services at the Wall with men and women together, a move that contradicts
Orthodox law. The confrontation is the latest sign of the growing struggle
between the two groups to define the nature of the Jewish state.

Tisha B'Av, a somber and mournful day, commemorates several disasters
which befell the Jewish people throughout their history on this day. The
most important of these were the destruction of both the First Temple (by
the Babylonians in 586 bc) and the Second Temple (by the Romans in 70 ad).
The fortress of Betar, the last center of active Jewish resistance in the
Bar Kochba Revolt, fell to the Romans on the ninth of Av in 135 ad. In
1492, the edict expelling the Jews from Spain took effect on the ninth of
Av. In Nazi Germany, the decision to implement the 'final solution' was
made on Tisha B'Av. The book of Lamentations is usually read in the
synagogue on the eve of Tisha B'Av. (IINS, JTA, GPO, Arutz Sheva)

ROSS BELIEVES IT'S ONLY THE BEGINNING: Prior to his leaving the area, US
special envoy Dennis Ross phoned Israeli Cabinet Secretary Danny Naveh
and told him, there is a beginning to a resumption of talks between Israel
and the PA following his shuttle diplomacy efforts this week. Following
his return to Washington, Ross did state progress was made and expressed a
cautious optimism. However, it is being reported that officials in the US
Administration are not pleased with Israel's failure to cancel punitive
actions taken against Arafat and the PA following the Machane Yehuda
terror attack. As a result of a new program brokered by Ross, the US
Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) will be providing intelligence
information to both Israel and the PA to increase efforts in the field of
counter-terrorism by both sides. This will mark a first time the PA will
be receiving intelligence information from US CIA officials.

Meanwhile, US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright's spokesman announced
Thursday that she is making plans for a September trip to the region that
will focus on speeding up Israeli-Palestinian peace talks.

In Shechem on Tuesday, Palestinians burnt an effigy of Ross dressed as an
Haredi Jew, holding a doll representing Prime Minister Netanyahu. The
protest against the ongoing closure was held jointly by Fatah (controlled
by Arafat) and Hamas activists. Palestinian police were deployed to
prevent the crowd from approaching Israeli positions at the entrance to
Joseph's Tomb. On Thursday, Israel removed the internal closure
prohibiting movement from one area to another in Ram'Allah and H1, the PA
area in Hevron. Beit Lechem (Bethlehem) remains sealed off. The closure of
Judea, Samaria and Gaza is still in effect and Arabs are not being
permitted into Israel. (IINS, Kol Yisrael, MED, Jerusalem Post)

PA TUGS ON PUBLIC'S HEART STRINGS: In a recent interview, Shlomo Dror,
the Spokesman for the Coordinator of Activities in the Territories,
explained that claims by Dr. Mustafa Barghouti, of the Union of
Palestinian Medical Relief Committees that about 100 Palestinians in need
of kidney dialysis, and 45 cancer patients were denied entrance into
Israel due to the closure were untrue and that they were never barred from
entering Israel, even from the first day of the closure. Dror added that
the PA is blaming Israel for every death in the autonomy. "It makes good
propaganda against Israel and the media usually doesn't follow up on the
PA's charges to verify them" he said.

The Palestinian Society for the Protection of Human Rights and the
Environment issued a statement of so-called facts which appears in an
Internet announcement: "Discrimination against Palestinians by Israeli
hospitals and officials: In a serious and racist precedent, the Hadassah
Ein Kerem administration expelled all Palestinian patients from the
hospital after the bombings in West Jerusalem." In response, a letter was
sent by the Director General of the Hadassah Medical Organization,
Professor Shmuel Penchas, to the PA official in charge of health matters,
Dr. Riad Za'anoun. Professor Penchas wrote: "Needless to say, this
information is untrue and false. No patient was expelled from the
hospital before, during or after the Machane Yehuda terror bombing ... It
is ironic that we are being blamed 'for a serious and racist precedent'
while at Hadassah Mount Scopus, in its pediatric department, more than 50%
of its patients are Palestinians, and at Hadassah Ein Kerem, in its
pediatric oncology department, more than 50% of its beds are taken up by
Palestinians." (IMRA,GPO)

ON THE NORTHERN FRONT: Israeli fighter jets attacked positions of the
Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP) Saturday on two
separate occasions. The jets struck positions north of Israel's Security
Zone. According to Israel Defense Force (IDF) officials, all planes
returned safely to their bases. Meanwhile, Hizb'Allah terrorists fired
mortars at IDF positions in the Eastern Sector of the Security Zone of
southern Lebanon Tuesday morning. No injuries were reported. On Sunday,
following a week of heavy fighting, Katyusha and mortar attacks and
continued Hizb'Allah threats against Israel, an IDF soldier was killed in
yet another rocket attack. Hizb'Allah mortars and gunfire hit an
orphanage in the Security Zone, injuring little children. Reports indicate
that 14 Lebanese civilians have died as a result of Hizb'Allah fighting in
the past week. Israel continues to speak of the "gross violations" of the
Grapes of Wrath Agreement being committed by Hizb'Allah but fighting
continues to escalate. (IINS, AP)

TEMPLE MOUNT DAMAGED BY ARABS: The Antiques Authority has submitted a complaint to Attorney-General stating that the refurbishing works being
carried out by the Moslem Waqf on the Temple Mount are causing severe
damage to the eastern corner of the Mount. In a letter to Mr. Rubenstein,
the Chairman of the Authority asked that the entry of the working
volunteers - mostly Israeli-Arabs from the north - be prohibited, and the
same for the delivery of building materials to the holy site. Member of
Knesset (MK) Tzvi Hendel of the National Religious Party (NRP), who
learned about the letter, demands that the Attorney-General act at once in
this vein. (Arutz Sheva)

RIGHT OF RETURN FOR SYRIAN ARABS? MK Abdul Wahab Darawshe (Democratic Arab Party) called for the full "right of return for Palestinians" during his visit to Syria as a member of an Israeli delegation permitted to visit and
meet with top state officials. Darawshe called for Syrians to return to
the Golan Heights under the right of return. MK Ruby Rivlin of the Likud
and MK Yossi Sarid of the left-wing Meretz parties criticized Darawshe
for his statements. Sarid stated the delegation failed to present
themselves as Israelis and members of the Knesset. Sarid called upon them
to identify as Israeli Arabs who were democratically elected to the
Knesset of the State of Israel. Rivlin called for the removal of
Darawshe's parliamentary immunity and to have him answer for his
statements which were tantamount to treason. The prime minister stated
that Israel will never agree to a right of return law for Arabs.

In another development, the legal organization B'Tzedek submitted a
complaint to the police Thursday night, demanding that the members of the
delegation be investigated on charges of violating laws against entering
an enemy country, as well as the order against terror organizations. The
delegation met in Damascus with leaders of terrorist organizations, and
allegedly entered Syria without official permission. (IINS, Arutz Sheva)

DEMOLITION OF ILLEGAL HOUSE SUSPENDED: The Jerusalem Municipality has suspended the demolition of the Khader home in east Jerusalem and passed the matter onto the courts. The house was scheduled for demolition
because it was built illegally. The Municipality reversed the decision
because 15 year old Saib Khader lost his leg in the Machane Yehuda
bombing. Nine other homes in Shuefat and the Bethlehem area built
illegally were destroyed Wednesday. (Kol Yisrael)

IRAN 'STRETCHES ARM IN PEACE' AGAINST ISRAEL: The Iranian paper Al Keyhan announces that Iran is "opening its doors" to dialogue with the West, and that the new regime "stretches out its hand in peace" to all of the
nations in the region. There is no other reference to Israel in this item.
The same paper reports that Iran is conducting joint military maneuvers
with Syria and Iraq in order to strengthen the front against Israel. Iran
has also renewed its airlift of weapons to Sudan, as well as increasing
manpower there, and the same in southern Lebanon. Syria and Iran have also
signed an agreement that the latter will come to the aid of Syria in case
of an Israeli attack. All this together with the "arm outstretched in
peace..." (Yehoshua Meiri-Arutz Sheva)

PA AND HAMAS DEMONSTRATE TOGETHER: The PA and Hamas organized a large-scale demonstration against Israel in Shechem Tuesday, Kol Yisrael
reported. Israeli flags were burned during the rally. Ha'Aretz reported
that a violent demonstration took place in Ram'Allah on Monday in which
500 demonstrators charged at an Israeli checkpoint, threw stones at IDF
soldiers and burned Israeli flags. Soldiers defended themselves with
rubber bullets and tear gas until Palestinian police intervened, and one
Palestinian was injured. Yediot Aharonot reported that Israel has
provided the PA with a list of 230 individuals involved in terrorist
activity, and has requested that these individuals be transferred to
Israel. The list includes terrorists from Hamas, Islamic Jihad, Fatah and
Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, as well as a number who
serve officially in the PA. Ma'ariv reported that American officials
demanded on Monday that the Palestinians arrest 88 suspected terrorists
named on an earlier list provided by Israel. (Israel Line)

DEATH SENTENCE FOR COLLABORATOR: A PA military court has sentenced a member of Arafat's Force 17 presidential guard to death for
"collaborating with Israel". No information was released to prove Fawzi
Sawalha had collaborated with Israelis, but The Jerusalem Post has
reported that the case is "apparently linked with the issue of Palestinian
police chief Brig. Ghazi Jabali, whose extradition from Gaza Israel has
demanded." Israel has accused Jabali of giving the go-ahead to PA security
forces to launch terror attacks against Israelis, following the arrest of
four policemen suspected of being en route to attack a Jewish community in
Samaria. At least 15 people have been sentenced to death by Palestinian
security courts, although the sentences have yet to be carried out. Half
those sentenced are Palestinian policemen, convicted of torture and other
human rights abuses. (ICEJ)

PA HAS ENOUGH FLOUR, THANKS: The PA informed Israel that it is not
interested in the entry of a convoy of 29 truckloads of flour to Gaza.
Nasser Farej of the Palestinian industry and trade department informed
Israeli officials at the Erez Checkpoint that the PA already has a two
months' supply of flour. Administration spokesman Lt. Avi Gambash said
that this proves that there is no starvation within the autonomy as a
result of the closure, as had been reported. Yasser Arafat said that
100,000 Palestinians did not receive their salaries this week, because of
the economic sanctions placed upon the PA by Israel following the Machaneh
Yehuda bombing. Israel has agreed to transmit sums of money to the PA in
direct proportion to the active measures against the terrorist
infrastructure taken by the PA. (Arutz Sheva) 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
FYI - Israel In The News
"For Zion's sake I will not keep silent,
and for Jerusalem's sake I will not keep quiet"  Isaiah 62:1

'F.Y.I.' may be reproduced & distributed in any form. Please give proper credit.
Send comments and subscription requests to Lee Underwood at:
fellowship@inet-images.com
Web site: http://www.inet-images.com/fellowship/fyi.htm
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
