===============================================

PropheZine #60
Thursday, July 02, 1998
Bob Lally Publisher
Mimi Nila Senior Editor
Rick Woodcock Asst. Editor

Bob Lally..........................Introduction
Mimi Nila..........................Brief Message

ARTICLES
Ellen Craswell......The Biblical Basis for Christians in Politics and
Government
Berit Kjos..................... Touched By An Angel - But Which Kind?.
R. g. Wallace...................WHEN ARMIES MOVE (PART 2)
A Dissertation on Armageddon from the Pre-wrath Perspective
Barry Chamish..................Why Rabin Was Murdered
Ken Onweller.................The Seven Letters To The Churches
Don D. Srail ...................Know Where The Last Jihad Takes Place
E. Lee Audirsch..................."The Room"

PROPHEZINE NEWSBYTES
Joseph Farah.........................Panic In The Year Zero Part 4
Family Research Council..........Zero Tolerance For Guns, Drugs And
Prayer?
ReligionToday.com...............Arrests shut down the church in Saudi
Arabia
David M. Bresnahan.......................National ID card on fast track
Bob Cohen - Editor...................ITAA's Year 2000 Outlook
Jim Garamone..................Some Critical DoD Systems Won't Make Y2K
Deadlines

Lee Underwood ..............................F.Y.I. - Israel in the News

Terry Denbow ……………………….Proverbs 31:4&5
*************************************
Greetings in the Name of Jesus!

When it rains it pours. The Lord has been raining blessings on
PropheZine and I want to share what the Lord has done. First and
foremost I receive many emails from people around the world
telling me how PropheZine has touched their life and the lives of
others. I receive so many emails on a daily basis letting me know
how grateful people are that PropheZine exists; that we are on track in
providing sound biblical information dealing with bible prophecy. It
is emails such as these that really help keep me going. We are all
running the good race. What's that saying, "When the going gets
tough, the tough get on their knees and pray"! In these end times
we certainly need to pray now more than ever.

I am in the process of adding an additional 200 audio messages to
the site. Thank you God's News Behind The News for allowing
PropheZine to put this valuable information on the net. PropheZine
now has consistent visits from 90 countries. Last month
we had 40% growth with 38,000 visits (250,000 hits). I do not even
venture to guess where the Lord will take us in July. We have a staff
of 33. We need additonal Assistant Editors so if the Lord is nudging
you in this direction please contact Mimi at meems@ibm.net. Please
continue to pray for the PropheZine Staff.

I was interviewed for CNN and will be interviewed for the LA Times
in the next few days. When I receive the published articles I'll pass
them on to you.

Battle, after battle, after battle. Sometimes it seems like it will never
end. Always remember the blessed hope of our savior and
redeemer Jesus, the Christ. There is soon coming a time when
we will live for eternity in rest and peace! But until that time, run
the good race with perseverance and the knowledge that the Lord
is always by your side.

Bob Lally
Webmaster
*************************************
Hello to everyone,

Greetings and blessings to you on the July 4th holiday. I apologize
that this newsletter is late. The enemy is working overtime in this
country to destroy what was built upon Gods word. Please keep your
fellow brothers and sisters in Christ in prayer. Christian persecution
worldwide is greater than at any other time in history. I pray that
this newsletter will enlighten you to current events and bring you ever
closer to knowing that our only hope is in Jesus Christ our Lord.

May He Bless you and keep you,
In His Service,
Mimi Nila
Mnila@ibm.net
************************************
The Biblical Basis for Christians in Politics and Government
by Ellen Craswell

As our campaign for Governor grows, many people are interested in the
Biblical basis for Christian involvement in politics and government.

This was the true driving force behind America's founding fathers (who
based the Constitution on specific Biblical, Judeo-Christian
principles). It is also the foundation of this campaign and of my
service as Governor, should God see fit to place me in that office.

Regarding the principles in this article, I am very grateful to Pastor
Thomas Minnick, whose Biblical teaching has helped to bring these truths
to life in me and in many others.

Why Get Involved?

Crisis and civic duty are inferior and ineffective motivation for
Christians who take seriously their charge to seek God's will for their
lives. Why participate if this is not surely God's desire? Sadly, 20th
century preaching often discouraged our involvement in the "worldly"
business of politics and government.

Yet Christians have not always hesitated to "get involved" in American
civil government. Rather, for much of our history, Christians were
deeply committed to this role. In fact, most of our founding fathers
were outstanding Christians (as opposed to the very few deists,
agnostics or atheists constantly highlighted by today's anti-Christian
elite).

More Christians must now realize the Biblical basis for involvement. It
then becomes a matter of obedience to God.

As Christians consider their responsibility, there are three vital
principles to remember.

First, government is God's institution! Civil government exists and
functions by God's command, not because cave men created a social
contract.

Civil government began in Genesis 9:1-7, when God instructed Noah after
the flood. In Exodus 20-22, God through Moses gives a specific pattern
for civil government.

Scripture is full of God's sovereignty and interest in civil government.
In Daniel 2:20-21, God removes and sets up rulers. In Proverbs 21:1, he
turns a ruler's heart. In Romans 13:1, He ordains civil powers. Clearly,
government is not a secular institution but a God-ordained institution.

A second key principle is that God has every right to direct His
institutions. Indeed, Scripture reveals God's will, rules and leadership
qualities for the home, the church... and the government!

Christians are quite familiar with Biblical expectations for the family
and the church. Yet many are amazed to realize that our country's
Constitution and many of its laws and punishments are based on civil
government rules of conduct that are spelled out in the Bible.

Exodus 21-22 addresses manslaughter, premeditated murder, assault,
kidnapping (and slavery), abortion, infanticide, property crimes,
criminal negligence, assaulting parents, robbery and bestiality.

Leviticus 13, 20 and other passages address such issues as public health
laws and homosexuality.

In Deuteronomy 17-22 are laws regarding violation of a court order,
perjury, malicious accusations, building codes (no regulatory scheme, it
just sets the standards for responsible conduct and punishes wrongs),
juvenile delinquency and rape.

God also gives qualifications for leadership, both in the church (1
Timothy 3:1-7) and in civil government (Exodus 18:21).
Imagine our state and nation under leaders with these Biblical
qualities: "able" and "fears God" and speaks "truth" and "hates
covetousness"!

The third vital principle to remember is that secularizing government is
an affront to a Holy God! We are often told that government and politics
should be secular. But would we allow Biblical Christianity to be
excluded from our homes or churches? So why quietly capitulate to
arguments saying we should keep God's Word and God's people out of God's
institution of civil government?

We need to petition God for revival before privatization of our faith
results in complete secularization of government.

Biblical Governing
Once Christian involvement in the political process bears fruit in the
election of a Godly person, it is crucial for that individual to
understand and obey Biblical principles in office. Among these are four
principles.

First, we must understand that civil leaders are "ministers of God"
(Romans 13:3-4). This relates to the principle of ACCOUNTABILITY. The
role of a civil leader is to enable government to fulfill God's
purposes. Civil leaders are doing the will of God in establishing
justice and maintaining civil order. They are accountable to God for the
faithful discharge of their ministry responsibilities. A person's
behavior in office is positively affected by knowing that he must answer
to God.

A second principle, that of DESTINY, understand the reality of sovereign
appointments. A civil leader serves at God's pleasure!
"...He (God) removeth kings, and setteth up kings..." (Daniel 2:21).
"For promotion cometh neither from the east, nor from the west, nor from
the south. But God is the judge: He putteth down one, and setteth up
another" (Psalm 75:6-7). God places people in leadership for His
specific purposes -- for His benefit, not theirs! "...Who knoweth
whether thou art come to the kingdom for such a time as this?" (Esther
4:14). We must ask ourselves, "Why has God put me here? What does He
want me to accomplish?"

Understanding man's tendency to compromise, we also recognize the
principle of DEPENDENCY. Leaders are called on to make hard decisions!
Recall Solomon and the baby (1 Kings 3:16- 27). Elected office requires
more wisdom and courage than any person has. If one trusts in human
wisdom (pollsters, consultants or even his own wisdom), he will usually
be frightened into doing the wrong thing. Yet, "...lean not unto thine
own understanding" (see Proverbs 3:5-6).

It is hard to know what is right! It is even harder to do what is right!
Our only hope is a right relationship with God -- living each day
dependent upon Him for wisdom to know the right thing and courage to do
the right thing. Don't fear the voters, fear God!

The fourth essential is to understand God's purpose for civil
government, the principle of JURISDICTION. What is the reason for
government? Looking at history, man began in a state of innocence, and
all was good. There was no need for government (see Genesis 1:27-28,
31). But sin entered the picture (see Genesis 4:3-10, 6:1-6) and God
ordained civil government (see Romans 13:1). It is God's institution,
begun by His creative act. Further, God is in control of government.
"The king's heart is in the hand of the Lord, as the rivers of water: He
turneth it withersoever He will" (Proverbs 21:1).

In considering the role of government, we must discern the jurisdictions
of Caesar or God (Matthew 22:15-21). The church and civil government are
made necessary by the same thing (sin), but do not have identical
responsibilities. The humanist view of the role of government is to
perfect mankind. The Scriptural view of the role of government is to
protect mankind.

Scripture shows that civil government is charged with a limited
responsibility to protect life and property. Previously listed passages
from Exodus, Leviticus and Deuteronomy, and many others, indicate this.

A civil leader must decide that he will take a Scriptural view of the
limited role of government in society! For example, God's plan for
welfare does not involve civil government. People who are in need of
temporary help are directed to look primarily to the family (see 1
Timothy 5:3-8), secondarily to the church (see 1 Timothy 5:9-16 and Acts
6:1-2), or finally to neighbors in the community (see Leviticus 19:9-10,
23:22).

Clearly, God's plan vastly differs from the present system, which is
such a monumental failure. The humanistic plan is publicly funded,
coercive and creates cycles of dependency. The Biblical plan is a
private program, voluntary and allows the poor to retain their dignity.

Anyone who reads through the Bible can see that God's ways bring
blessings and man's ways bring destruction. Yet so often we all try, try
again to do whatever seems right in our own eyes, thinking somehow that
we in our day can escape the unavoidable consequences that are spelled
out in God's Word. Having "done our own thing" for decades, we are now
suffering the gaping devastation of crime, broken homes, abused and
aborted children, sexual immorality, drug and alcohol problems, corrupt
government, reckless taxing and spending, warped welfare programs and
deficient education.

Half-hearted measures will never solve these full- scale problems. The
answer begins with a return to God and his ways. "And if it seem evil
unto you to serve the Lord, choose you this day whom ye will serve...
but as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord" (Joshua 24:15).
Article taken from : http://user.mc.net/dougp/a/heritage.html

[Ellen Craswell served as Washington State Representative (1977- 1980),
State Senator (1981-1992), and was the first woman named President Pro
Tem of the Senate (1991-1992). She is the leading Republican candidate
for Governor. For more information contact: Ellen Craswell for Governor,
20730 Bond Road NE #101, Poulsbo WA 98370 or telephone 360-779-1611]
*************************************
Touched By An Angel - But Which Kind?
With excerpts from A Twist of Faith
by Berit Kjos

I am one with God, I am one with all men, I am one with all life."
(Della Reese who plays angel Tess)
"We see angels as a common denominator among the religions of the world
and focusing on what we have in common rather than our differences will
help unite all peoples spirituality."
(Linda Vephula, Publisher, Angel Times)


"Jordan DuBois, I'm an angel sent by God to bring you two things,"
announced Tess in the November 30 episode of the popular sitcom, Touched
by an Angel. "A child will be born to you on Dec. 25, Christmas day. and
second "
"A piece of wood?" Jordan stared at the short plank.

"Think of it as a violin yet to be played. It is a gift from God as your
son is a gift from [the] Creator. Each has a beautiful tune to play.
Each begins its life tonight."
The main story starts thirty years later. The promised child has become
a lawyer who - as President Clinton suggests --volunteers his free time.
When he returns home for the holidays, his family welcomes him with open
arms. But the joy fades when Tony shares his news: he is gay and has
AIDS.

After a painful encounter with his father, Tony collapses coughing
outside in the snow. He is taken to a hospice managed by Tess. Near
death, he hears a chorus singing "Angels we have heard on high."
"I'd like to see one of those angels," he tells Tess.

"If you saw one of those angels, what would you say?"
"I'd say, Tell God I'm sorry for turning out the way I did. I know I'm a
disappointment."
"No you're not. In God's eyes you are His beautiful child. I am an
angel. I was sent by God to bring you a message: God loves you."
"That's not what I've heard."
"What you've heard were someone else's words of hate and confusion. But
God is not the source of hate and confusion. God is the source and the
completer of your faith. And that's what you need right now, faith that
God really knows who you are. No one's perfect, Anthony, but God."

Notice that Tony came close to confessing his sin, a step that has
brought countless repentant sinners into the loving presence of our
forgiving Father. But Tess, played by veteran actress and singer Della
Reese stopped him with a seductive mix of truth and New Age sentiment.
Her gospel sounds Christian but denies our need for the cross, the only
way to lasting life and peace.

Della Reese's words fit the church she founded in 1983 called
Understanding Principles of Better Living.
Its logo, a hot-air balloon, symbolizes "understanding the principles of
positive thought." She explains, "This is a spiritual metaphysical
situation. What makes the balloon go? The fire. The spirit is the fire."
She sees God, not "in the sky with a beard like Neptune's sitting on a
throne watching me", but as one "spirit and he disperses himself in
various bodies. There's a piece of God in you. That's how you can
breathe."1

While Tess shares her faith with our gentle hero, the fledging angel
Monica, played by Irish-born Roma Downey, works on Jordan. His unloving
attitude toward his son makes him an effective villain --- a persuasive
public illustration of the "hate" our schools and media often link to
"fundamental" or "extremist" Christianity.

"God wants you to accept your son for who he is," says Monica.

"He's gay," argues the father.

"He is your son."

"What is an angel from God doing on the side of a queer?"
"Nothing that is made by God is queer. God loves all his creations.
Neither of you is perfect, for many reasons. But You don't have to be
perfect to receive God's love. In fact, no one ever is."
The father rushes to his son and assures him of his love. Once again
Tony hears heavenly music. Then he dies, but moments later he revives
and stands with the angels looking strong and healthy. The heartbreaking
story ends with joy and resurrection.

Resurrection without Christ? The happy ending feels good, and few dare
challenge the dubious theology.

Who wouldn't want to defend kind, sensitive Tony who had been crushed by
his father's rejection.

Suggesting that God calls the homosexual lifestyle sin 2 might seem
judgmental, even criminal --- especially in the wake of President
Clinton's conference on hate-crimes. But in the absence of sin, God's
forgiveness becomes irrelevant. Who needs Christ and the cross when the
angels tell us we are all good enough already?

Like sin and the cross, the holy angels of the Bible who brought people
to their knees in fearful humility, clash with the new theology. Today's
popularity contests are won by sweet feminine angels who radiate love
and affirm our human nature.

"I felt the wonderful thing about angels is that they are non-judgmental
and they come through the Source of love,"3 said Martha Williamson,
producer of the show..

Unita Belk would agree. Writing for Angel Times Magazine, she
interviewed Della Reese. "The readers of Angel Times are those who share
a common bond," she explained, " encouraging angelic behavior and
helping our world to be a better place to live. I. is there anything you
would like to share with our readers?"

"That all of us need to adapt (sic) the code: I am one with God, I am
one with all men, I am one with all life," answered Della, exposing the
universalistic faith that characterizes all proper models for the new
global spirituality needed to unify the world. "Until we get there,
there will be Bosnia, there will be homelessness. Until we understand
that we are all one, we got a big problem."4

Noble visions, but not from God! Christians can never be one with those
who compromise His Word and follow other gods. The Bible is full of
warnings of what happens when His people forget and turn to spiritual
substitutes.5

The distortion makes sense when we look more closely at today's angel
craze. The web site for Angel Times Magazine explains that its
"contributing writers, columnists and story subjects range from
Christian to Jewish to Native American to Hindu, and come from all over
the world."
Recent issues of the magazine tell about "Elvis and his Angelic
Connections" and Mary as "The Queen of Angels." An article by Neale D.
Walsch lends credence to his top selling books, Conversations with God
I and II, which tells readers - in the name of God - to follow their
feelings, reject biblical moral boundaries, and embrace the United
Nations and its global spirituality.

"Angels appear to all people, regardless of culture or religion,"
explains Angel Times Publisher Linda Vephula. " We see angels as a
common denominator among the religions of the world and focusing on what
we have in common rather than our differences will help unite all people
spiritually."
"People are looking for hope," says Sophy Burnham, who has studied
Buddhism and Hinduism and written two bestsellers, A Book of Angels and
Angel Letters. "In the media, we hear of so much horror and despair. But
angels make us know we are loved - these wonderful beings are protecting
us."6

And how do you contact these sweet feminine helpers? "It's simple," said
Ms. Burham. You simply "go inside yourself Then you ask for what you
need, you sit back, and you wait. It will come."7

Today, it probably will. As Alma Daniels, also featured in Angel Times,
points out in her best-seller Ask Your Angels, everything has changed.
Whereas in pagan cultures, only the shaman or medicine man had direct
contact with the spirit world, now everyone can be led by their personal
angelic guide:

We stand on the brink of a massive change. On the one hand, we face
apparent global disaster, and on the other, there is the potential for
the most glorious spiritual transformation our species has ever seen...

At this time of personal and planetary acceleration, previous rules and
old forms are being discarded. Contact with the angels, which used to
take years of meditation and dedication, is now available to all who
seek it, because the angels are closer to us, and more open to working
with us on a conscious level, than they have been in thousands of
years.8 (Emphasis added)
Do you see what is happening? As in Old Testament days, people are
turning to seductive counterfeits of God and His mighty uncompromising
angels. These deceiving spirits (1 Tim. 4:1) can assume any form or
personality pleasing to their human subjects. Alma Deniels' own angel,
LNO, simply feels like "an ongoing consciousness."9

To satisfy women who reject male gods as well as male leadership and
"patriarchal churches", most of today's popular angels have feminine
faces, human natures, and minds of their own. As Touched by an Angel
producer Martha Williamson says, "angels have free will." Her
expressions of that "free will" matches New Age visions of a "cross-less
Christianity" which must... .

1. Re-invent God to fit feminist demands
2. Twist biblical angels into permissive female deities
3. Ignore sin (could sound judgmental)
4. Omit Jesus Christ (irrelevant without sin)
5. Purge the cross (too exclusive and violent)
6. Redefine words such as truth, love, and hate
7. Imagine spiritual unity among all religions

We all want an accessible God who loves us as we are. The true God fits
that need, but the "evil one" tells us otherwise. Masquerading "as an
angel of God," 10 he continues to twist God's Word, hide the gospel, and
offer counterfeit promises that blind Christians as well as pagans.

After all, God calls us to bring His love to the hurting, lost, sick,
and broken. But feel-good affirmations won't heal the pain of sin and
separation. Freedom comes through faith in Jesus Christ who died to set
us free. His love compels us to share the whole gospel, not the pleasing
counterfeits that are far more deceptive that obvious evil. But our
culture has turned God's values upside down.

"The world hates Me because I testify of it that its works are evil,"11
said Jesus. As the chasm widens between the world and the true Church,
every Christian will be challenged to make a choice: follow God or
conform to the world. Those who would rather die than compromise will
find a joy and peace in the arms of our Father than the world cannot
even imagine.

"Behold what manner of love the Father has bestowed on us, that we
should be called children of God! Therefore the world does not know us,
because it did not know Him.
Beloved, now we are children of God; and it has not yet been revealed
what we shall be, but we know that when He is revealed, we shall be like
Him, for we shall see Him as He is. And everyone who has this hope in
Him purifies himself, just as He is pure. (1 John 3:1-3)

To see how today's popular angels fits into the new feminist
spirituality which is changing our schools, churches and culture, read A
Twist of Faith. Available through Christian bookstores, web site:
http://www.beritkjos.com or call 800-643-9535.
ENDNOTES:
1 http://www.sltrib.com/97/oct/102097/utah/2964.htm
2 1 Corinthians 6:9-11, Romans 1:21-27.
3 Unita Belk, "Touched by an Angel: An Interview with the Stars and
Executive Producer of the Series," Courtesy of our friends at Angel
Times Magazine. Web site for Touched by an Angel:
http://www.angeltouch.com/webangel/index.htm
4 Ibid. But last time I checked, this web site was inaccessible.
5 2 Corinthians 6:14-18. Warnings: Deuteronomy 8:, 18:, 28
6 Dawn Raffel, "Angels All Around Us," Redbook (December 1992); 92.
7 Craig Wilson, "Hark and Hallelujah! The Angels are Here," San Jose
Mercury News, 28 October 1992.
8 Alma Daniel, Timothy Wyllie, Andrew Ramer, Ask Your Angel (New York:
Ballatine Books, 1992), 22.
9 http://detnews.com/menu/stories/23398.htm
10 1 Cor 11:14-15
11 John 7:7
For more information about "lifelong" training in the new global values,
read Brave New Schools (Harvest House Publishers) and A Twist of Faith
(New Leaf Press - 800-643-9535) by Berit Kjos. Available through
Christian bookstores, web site: http://www.beritkjos.com call
800-643-9535.
*************************************
A Dissertation on Armageddon from the Pre-wrath View
By R. g. Wallace
Part 2

In Part One of this dissertation, I introduced you to the king of the
North. In this part, we will begin our observation of what the Bible
says about the movement of this Northern alliance as it seeks to find
economic stability in view of the beast's (antichrist's) failure to keep
his economic promises because of the first five "trumpet" judgments.

THE KING OF THE NORTH
The basic outline for the movement of the world's armies in an end-times
context is found at Daniel 11:40-45. Here we find troop movement from
the North, South, East and West, all leading up to the final
confrontation between them and the Lord Jesus Christ at Armageddon.

There are two stages to the invasion of the king of the North. First, he
pushes against the kingdom of the beast by attacking him on a worldwide
scale (Jer. 25:15-38; Dan. 11:40; Rev. 9:13-19) and then when the king
of the West is adequately distracted, he invades Palestine (Ezekiel
38-39; Joel 2:2-11, 18-20, 25). The details are filled in from the
prophets of the Old Testament and the Book of the Revelation.


Daniel 11:36-39 identifies the main actor in this military scenario. It
describes the dramatic change in personality of the king of the West,
the world ruler who established the "covenant" of Daniel 9:27 at the
beginning of the 70th week. This happens at the midpoint of the week
shortly after the ruler is assassinated and brought back to life by the
power of Satan (Rev. 13:3-7).

There is much debate as to the identification of the person in view at
this passage, but to spare the reader all my research into this, I will
simply agree with the conclusion of Walvoord,

"A better identification of the king . . . however, is to

relate him to the Roman world ruler, the same individual

as the little horn of Daniel 7 and the beast out of the

sea of Revelation 13:1-10." (Daniel, page 272).

I will therefore operate on the premise that this "king" is indeed the
world ruler who controls the 10-nation political body with roots in
ancient Rome, who is known as the king of the West and who is often
represented in the Old Testament as the king of Babylon. The 3rd person
pronouns that follow the phrase, "the king of the North will storm
against him," in verse 40, ALL refer to the king of the West.

Daniel 11:40-45

Verse 40

1. At the end-times: This identifies our time frame as relating to the
last 7 years (Daniel's 70th week) prior to the establishment of
Messiah's kingdom on the earth. And since we are clearly in a context
where the world ruler has been revealed as "the man of lawlessness," it
refers specifically to sometime during the last half of that seven
years.

2. The king of the South will collide with him: The K/S is usually
associated with Egypt and here we see him attacking the beast (K/W)
either alone or with some Southern allies and perhaps even in alliance
with the king of the North.

3. And the king of the North will storm against him: This introduces us
to the revolt of the Northern nations allied with Gog and Magog which is
detailed in other passages. This summarizes an attack against the
kingdom of the beast either in a localized arena or perhaps worldwide.
Other passages will establish the fact that the king of the North
targets the nations under the beast's jurisdiction on a worldwide basis
in preparation for his advance into Palestine.

JEREMIAH
The world-wide attack of the king of the North is summarized at Jeremiah
25:15-38.

At verses 11-12, the Babylonian captivity is referenced indicating that
its duration will be 70 years and when its over, Chaldea will be
conquered and destroyed by Persia.

Verses 13-14, speaks of Persia's conquest of the world and becomes the
pattern for the end-times invasion of the king of the North.

Verses 15-38, Gives us the basis for viewing this as the Northern
invasion.

The section goes beyond Persia and views that end-times invasion by the
Northern alliance.

Verses 15-29, are written in prose and give geographic specifics about
this world wide invasion. Verse 15, establishes this as God's wrath upon
all the nations.

As the king of the North advances, no area is left untouched, North,
South, East and West, all experience the devastation of this mighty
military machine storming against the beast's kingdom.

Verses 27-28, establish the fact that it is unavoidable.

This worldwide reach of the Northern army is suggested at Rev. 9:14-16,
where we see that restraint on this activity is removed by the releasing
of the 4 "directional" angels so that the impact of this invasion is
felt to the four corners of the earth (East, West, North and South).

Rev. 9:14-16

"'Release the four angels who are bound at the great river
Euphrates.'

And the four angels, who had been prepared for the hour and day and
month

and year, were released, so that they might kill a third of mankind.

And the number of the armies of the horsemen was two hundred million;

I heard the number of them."


The result is that 1/3 of the earth's population will be killed as
indicated at Revelation 9:18,

"A third of mankind was killed by these three plagues,

by the fire and the smoke and the brimstone,

which proceeded out of their mouths."

Jeremiah 25:29a, indicates that this worldwide invasion has as its
ultimate goal, a judgment on the land of Palestine.

"For behold, I am beginning to work calamity

in {this} city which is called by My name."

Verse 29b, however, indicates that all the world will be touched by this
judgment from God.

"and shall you be completely free from punishment?

You will not be free from punishment;

for I am summoning a sword against all the inhabitants of the earth,

declares the LORD of hosts."

Verses 30-38 are written in poetry and identify this worldwide invasion
by a kingdom power as taking place DURING the Day of the Lord.

Now even though the term, "Day of the Lord," does not occur in this
context, the language clearly describes the arrival of Yahweh to pour
out judgment on the world.

Jer. 25:30,

"Therefore you shall prophesy against them all these words,

and you shall say to them, The LORD will roar from on high,

And utter His voice from His holy habitation;

He will roar mightily against His fold.

He will shout like those who tread {the grapes,}

Against all the inhabitants of the earth."

This is the arrival of the Messiah in the "clouds of the sky" at the Day
of the Lord. This arrival BEGINS the Day of the Lord judgments which are
not only against His pasture (fold), but also against all nations. This
is exactly why, when Jesus returns -

"there will be dismay among nations . . .

men fainting from fear and the

expectation of the things coming upon the world,"

(Luke 21:25-26).

And why -

"all the tribes of the earth will mourn," (Mat. 24:30)

And why -

"the kings of the earth and the great men and the commanders

and the rich and the strong and every slave and free man,

hid themselves in the caves and among the rocks of the mountains;

and they said to the mountains and to the rocks,

"Fall on us and hide us from the presence of Him

who sits on the throne, and from the wrath of the Lamb;

for the great day of their wrath has come;

and who is able to stand?" (Rev. 6:15-17)

His "fold" at Jeremiah 25:30, refers to Israel, but before God's
judgment through this invading army reaches into Palestine, and before
the ultimate judgment is administered at the battle of Armageddon, this
Northern Alliance will have a worldwide impact.

Jer. 25:31a

"A clamor has come to the end of the earth,

Because the LORD has a controversy with the nations."

The "controversy with the nations" makes reference to the universal
rebellion that mankind expresses toward God and God's Anointed.

Psalm 2:1-5

WHY are the nations in an uproar,

And the peoples devising emptiness?

The kings of the earth take their stand,

And the rulers have established themselves together

Against Yahweh and against His Anointed:

"Let us tear apart Their fetters,

And cast from us Their cords!

He who sits in the heavens laughs,

The Lord scoffs at them.

Then He will speak to them in His anger

And terrify them in His burning fury."

Jeremiah 25:31b

"He is entering into judgment with all flesh;

As for the wicked, He has given them to the sword, declares the
LORD."

The phrase, "entering into judgment with all flesh," refers specifically
to the judgment that comes through the invasion of the Northern
alliance, as is strongly suggested by the phrase, "given them over to
the SWORD."

Jer. 25:32

"Thus says the LORD of hosts, Behold,
evil is going forth from nation to nation,

and a great storm is being stirred up

from the remotest parts of the earth."

"From nation to nation" clearly indicates the advance of this military
invasion as being throughout the world and corresponds with the
worldwide focus of the 6th trumpet (Rev. 9:13-19) rather than the
isolated focus of the battle of Armageddon.

Jeremiah 25:33-37a, describes the worldwide destruction

Verse 33

"And those slain by the LORD on that day

shall be from one end of the earth to the other.

They shall not be lamented, gathered, or buried;

they shall be like dung on the face of the ground."

The phrase, "on that day," refers to what happens DURING the time period
rather than what happens on a SINGLE day.

Some may want to make this apply to the final battle at Armageddon, but
the language in the following verses makes it apply to the "home land"
of the nations involved. For this reason, it lines up better as
referring to the world-wide invasion of the king of the North.

Another alternative is that this is talking about the Day-of-the-LORD
judgments in general that reach to every nation on the earth. I accept
this as a viable possibility, but the language seems more like the
progress of a MILITARY invasion to me. Technically, there are ample
passages that discuss the movements of the king of the North and this
one is not absolutely necessary for support of those movements. This is
simply an attempt to place this passage into the whole end-times
scenario and it seems to fit the advance of the king of the North more
than anything else.

Verse 34

"Wail, you shepherds, and cry; And wallow {in ashes,} you masters of the
flock; For the days of your slaughter and your dispersions have come,
And you shall fall like a choice vessel."

This is describing the effect of the Northern invasion. Just as is
indicated at Rev. 9:18, "A third of mankind was killed."

Verses 35-36

"Flight shall perish from the shepherds,

And escape from the masters of the flock.

{Hear} the sound of the cry of the shepherds,

And the wailing of the masters of the flock!

For the LORD is destroying their pasture,"

This indicates that the leaders of these nations will be defeated by the
invading army and their peoples will be killed. Again, Rev. 9:18, "A
third of mankind."

Jer. 25:37a

"And the peaceful pasture lands are made silent. . ."

Massive slaughter of people will leave the national life of these
countries, neutralized and silent.

Verses 37b-38, again emphasizes that this is from the wrath of God,
"Because of the burning of the anger of the LORD."

"He has left His hiding place like the lion;

For their land has become a horror

Because of the burning of the oppressing one (king of the North)

and because of the burning of His (Yahweh's) anger."

Notice, once again, that the language speaks of the time when the LORD
will LEAVE "His hiding place." This will occur WHEN the Lord Messiah
returns to the earth in judgment. At every corner, it seems very clear
that this movement of troops leading up to Armageddon begins AFTER the
Day of the Lord return of the Messiah.

The next passage that discusses this worldwide attack in an end-times
context is Isaiah 13:1-16, which we will look at in part 3.

R.g.Wallace
ronw@biblefragrances.com
http://www.biblefragrances.com
Website: An Oasis of Bible Truth
Promoting The PREWRATH RAPTURE of the Church
*************************************
WHY RABIN WAS MURDERED WHY RABIN WAS MURDERED
by Barry Chamish
The two questions I am most often asked are, Why Was Rabin Murdered
and Who Did It? In my book Who Murdered Yitzhak Rabin? due to be
released by Feral House of Venice, CA this week, I answer neither
question. I will not answer who did it, though I believe I know, as I
announced previously, because it's too risky. However, finally I will
present the most plausible scenario why.

In my book Traitors And Carpetbaggers In The Promised Land
(Hearthstone Publishers, Oklahoma City) I argue and, I believe prove,
that the Middle East peace process was hatched by a think tank in
Manhattan called The Council On Foreign Relations. Its goal is not peace
in the Middle East, it is utter chaos under the guise of peacemaking and
Yitzhak Rabin was the vehicle to this end.

A day previous to my releasing this article, I sent a list of Council
On Foreign Relations members to a few newsgroups. I will indicate
membership in this essay by adding (CFR) to the person's name. Those who
saved the list are invited to check each name for accuracy. And I hope
some people do, because the odds are very good that in the summer of
1995 Rabin rebelled against the people who put him in power and that's
what cost him his life.

In August, '95, Rabin told New York Times columnist William Safire
that he was forced to enter into the peace process by George Bush (CFR)
at a meeting in Kennebunkport, Maine on Sept. 17/92. In September '95,
Rabin went on Israeli television and all but admitted that Henry
Kissinger (CFR) was the peace process point man for both himself and
opposition leader Binyamin Netanyahu. For reasons of what I believe were
conscience, Rabin was going public with the truth.

Just as dangerous for him, Rabin was drinking far too much and he
became a loose cannon. Returning to a staged celebration at Ben Gurion
Airport after signing the Cairo Accords, Rabin was interviewed live on
the popular Dan Shilon TV program. It was clear to many viewers that he
was crocked to the gills.

And why not? He had just betrayed his people again and most hated him
for it. At the time of his death, Rabin had a mere 32% support rating.
Wherever he went, crowds, big and huge booed him. Rabin was cracking
under the pressure.

In October '95, Rabin travelled to Washington and publicly addressed
President Clinton (CFR) as "President Nixon." He didn't know where he
was nor when. Now let us look at what else went on during the trip and
how it led to the order to have Rabin removed violently from office.
The following report is from the Jerusalem Post on 10/22/95. It
describes Rabin's day of October 21 without any understanding of the
significance of the fateful events. I will supply the background,
beginning and ending my interjections with three stars, ***.

RABIN TELLS CHRISTOPHER (CFR) SYRIAN SUPPORT OF TERROR HARMING TALKS

Syria's support of terrorism is harming negotiations with Israel, Prime
Minister Rabin told US Secretary Of State Warren Christopher (CFR) last
night in New York, an Israeli source said.

Rabin told Christopher (CFR) that Israel is interested in restarting a
dialogue according to the understanding reached last June. But he
stressed that the support Syria gives Hizbullah and the increase in
terror activities supported by the government in Damascus are "sending
negative signals that are not helpful for the negotiations," the Israeli
official said.

Christopher (CFR) will also meet early this week with Syrian Foreign
Minister Farouk Shara. The three are among the many world leaders
attending this week's celebrations of the United Nations 50th
anniversary.

*** Now here's what really happened. I quote two items from my defunct
newsletter Inside Israel:

"According to Maariv reporter Orly Azulai-Katz in her new book on
the failure of Peres to win the elections, Yitzhak Rabin had promised
President Clinton (CFR) a complete withdrawal from the Golan Heights to
the pre-67 borders. This tidbit was supplied to her by Peres which had
some observers wondering why he chose to blacken Rabin's reputation at
this point."
and

"Reporter Aluf Ben of Haaretz inadvertently supplies a new motive
for the Rabin murder. He reports that during Rabin's last meeting with
the American 'peace' team, he blew up at Warren Christopher (CFR) and
Dennis Ross (CFR). Apparently, Christopher (CFR) took a previous
'hypothetical', off the cuff, sardonic question posed by Rabin the year
before and turned it into official policy. Rabin 'hypothetically' asked
Christopher (CFR) how Syrian President Assad would react if he proposed
an Israeli pullback to the Sea of Galilee. In October '95, Christopher
(CFR) informed Assad that Rabin had agreed to a pullback to the
lakeshore. On this basis, America was prepared to act as broker in
renewed negotiations. Rabin was furious when he heard about the letter
and let loose a tirade against Christopher (CFR) and Ross (CFR).

Now here's what's really going on, kiddies. Rabin and most of the
political hotshots of the world gathered at the UN, built by the
Rockefeller dynasty, which also founded the CFR. Christopher (CFR) had
twisted Rabin's words and was about to meet the Syrian Foreign Minister
to negotiate away every last inch of the Golan Heights. Rabin was
informed of the conditions for the renewed negotiations and lost his
cool, accusing Christopher (CFR) and Ross (CFR) of treachery. It is very
unwise to unleash a torrent of criticism against one's superiors but
Rabin did not stop there. He told his outlet to the media, the unnamed
source, to spread the word that he would no longer countenance Syria's
terror against Jews. He, in most undiplomatic terms, called the renewed
negotiations off. And this is the kind of rebellion the CFR does not
tolerate.***

King Hassan of Morocco, also in New York for the UN celebrations, met
with Rabin on Friday evening and told him further steps would be taken
soon to normalize relations between the two countries. This is the third
meeting between the two since 1993 and was not originally on Rabin's
itinerary...During Rabin's meeting with Hassan on Friday night, the king
said Morocco is considering asking the Arab League to end the boycott of
Israel, according to sources in New York. The sources said an
announcement may come during the Amman Economic Conference next week.

***Rabin's old pal King Hassan was sent to soft-soap him into abandoning
the Golan with promises of new Arab friends in the region. If he gave
in, there would be an announcement of the end of the trade boycott
against Israel at the economic conference planned by the CFR for the
next week in Amman.

However, it seems the sweet talk didn't work on Rabin.***

An Israeli official said the purpose of last night's discussion between
Rabin and Christopher (CFR) was "to prepare for the Shara meeting and
verify with Rabin what Shara has to say in order for Christopher (CFR)
to come to the region." Depending on the Syrian position, such a visit
could occur the first week in November.

***Rabin was murdered on Nov.4, just when Christopher (CFR) wanted to be
in Israel.***

Christopher (CFR) is already due to be in the region at the end of this
month for the Amman economic conference, but must return to the US
immediately afterwards to open the Balkan peace talks in Ohio.

***What a busy week for the New World Order! One must wonder how
Christopher (CFR) could juggle two acts of warmaking and still chew gum.
He apparently did a great job igniting the Balkans but Rabin just wasn't
cooperating the same way.***

"No specific dates were discussed," said an Israeli official at the
meeting at the Regency Hotel. "At this point, we are looking at
continuing the Israeli-Syrian dialogue in Washington." Rabin said
yesterday he doesn't know of any breakthrough in the talks with Syria.
There was no reason to continue with the talks, because the result of
Christopher's (CFR's) last visit to the region had not borne fruit, he
added, according to Israel Radio. Rabin was speaking following a meeting
with former US secretary of state Henry Kissinger (CFR). Kissinger (CFR)
for the first time publicly expressed support for the Israel-Palestinian
peace agreement.

***Kissinger (CFR) had been Rabin's personal CFR agent since 1968, when
Rabin began his tenure as Ambassador to Washington. Kissinger (CFR),
long in the employ of the Rockefeller family, is a NWO legend, renowned
for his propensity to kill millions in nations worldwide, while acting
as a peacemaking diplomat. This is not the place to provide proof for
that allegation, there is a vast literature on the subject easily found
over the Internet. I would not make such an outrageous claim unless I
was convinced of its veracity. What is certain is that during the first
day of the Yom Kippur War, Kissinger (CFR) ordered Prime Minister Golda
Meir not to initiate the first blow; this order lead to the deaths of
hundreds of Israeli soldiers on the very first day of battle. Then he
withheld arms to Israel for nine days, while another 2000 Israeli
soldiers died. And in order for Meir to receive those arms, there is
strong evidence that Kissinger (CFR) demanded Meir resign and appoint
Rabin her successor.

Rabin owed his position to Kissinger (CFR) and thus, the CFR and now
he was defying him, a deadly gamble and Rabin must have known it. Until
then, Kissinger (CFR) had withheld his support for the Oslo Accord with
the PLO, holding his influence to abandon the agreement in escrow.
Furious at Rabin, he offered his full-fledged support for it in
retaliation.***

Rabin also met with UN Secretary-General Boutros-Ghali and said,
"Khomeiniism without Khomeini" is a leading threat to the region.
Islamic extremism, "endangers peace, tranquility and stability in the
region through terrorism and other violent activities," Rabin said. He
demanded that the PLO clamp down on extremist groups in areas under its
control. "We demand from Arafat to be more effective in coping with
these terror groups," Rabin said. "We expect him to do better against
terrorism."

***Now the intrigue increased. Rabin has rebuffed Christopher (CFR),
Ross (CFR), Kissinger (CFR). and King Hassan, so Boutrous-Ghali is
thrown at him with, one can only wonder, what threats if he doesn't
abandon the whole Golan and send Christopher (CFR) packing for the
region. However, Rabin is calling forth vast reserves of courage and
stands up to the intimidation of the UN and all its sanctioning power.
For the first time since he was elected, Rabin is displaying unfettered
integrity. He realizes the disaster he has foisted upon his people and
has decided to finally draw the line.

The scene switches to the bizarre. Rabin chooses not to address the UN
General Assembly, sending Foreign Minister Shimon Peres to the podium.
There Peres makes a huge admission. "The Middle East peace process," he
said, "is politically wrong but historically right." For whose history
is it right, Israelis asked, if the peace process is politically
wrong?***

Rabin was also feted by the glitterati Friday night. A Who's Who of
Jewish businessmen, including Edgar Bronfman (CFR) and Mort Zuckerman
(CFR), as well as celebrity newscasters such as Dan Rather (CFR) and
Barbara Walters, joined Chaim Herzog and Abba Eban at the Regency.

***The CFR pulled out all stops, throwing threats from the most powerful
American Jews, their media factotums and celebrated Israelis under their
spell to make life miserable for Rabin if he doesn't play ball with
their bosses. And we know he didn't because Christopher (CFR) didn't
made his planned peace journey on time. Instead, two weeks later, Rabin
was dead.

The assassins had been ready for the assignment since 1993 when one
branch of the Shabak, Israel's security services, switched policies from
preventing Arab terror attacks to entrapping opponents of the "peace"
process. An agent provocateur named Avishai Raviv had already set up a
few potential assassins who were to be entrapped in a staged
assassination of Rabin. It was a matter of timing when the ultimate
operation on behalf of peace was to be put into action.

On October 21/95 Yitzhak Rabin told the powerbrokers of the New World
Order that he had had enough. He would no longer be a participant in
Israel's destruction. That sealed his fate.

The assassination command was issued in New York but without allies
at the highest level of Israeli politics and security, the murder could
not take place. There may be no more than a dozen people in Israel with
that kind of authority and a simple process of elimination reveals who
most likely was inside the conspiracy to eliminate Rabin.

I conclude with a justified message. Feral House has just released my
book Who Murdered Yitzhak Rabin. This conclusion is not found within but
an abundance of hard evidence will convince most readers that Rabin was
not the victim of an angry young man but of a high-level political hit.
Order the book by writing cult@feralhouse.com Get a hint of what's
inside by visiting www.webseers.com/rabin
end
*************************************
The Seven Letters To The Churches
By: Ken Onweller, June 28, 1998

The most common approach to Jesus's letters to the churches in
Revelation is to tie each letter to some period of church history from
that first day of Pentecost in A.D. 31 until the Rapture. However, a
viewpoint often overlooked is how the letters characterize all of
christianity for the entirety of the church era.

Each letter contains the passage, "He who has an ear, let him hear what
the Spirit says to the churches." So each letter isn't necessarily to
one church but "to the churches"; and likewise, is addressed to "HE who
has an ear", or individuals.

EPHESUS
I know your deeds, your hard work and your perseverance. I know that
you cannot tolerate wicked men, that you have tested those who claim to
be apostles but are not, and have found them false. You have persevered
and have endured hardships for my name, and have not grown weary. (
Rev 2:2-3 )

So far they are great. They aren't allowing themselves to be deceived
by false teachers. And they have likewise stuck it out through some
tough times. Sounds like a pretty good church so far.

Yet I hold this against you: You have forsaken your first love.
Remember the height from which you have fallen! Repent and do the
things you did at first. If you do not repent, I will come to you and
remove your lampstand from its place. But you have this in your favor:
You hate the practices of the Nicolaitins, which I also hate. ( Rev
2:4-6 )

Uh-oh, what's this? They've forsaken their first love? They've
forgotten about Jesus Christ?

They were so busy identifying false teaching and rooting it out that
they missed the point: Jesus Christ and both experiencing and
expressing His love!

Do you know anyone so caught up in pointing out the flaws in this church
or that church, this belief, that belief? They spend all of their time
trying to disprove another. This is fine as long as you don't neglect
your calling of
growing in Jesus.

SMYRNA
I know your afflictions, and your poverty--yet you are rich! I know the
slander of those who say they are Jews and are not, but are a synagogue
of Satan. Do not be afraid of what you are about to suffer. I tell you
, the devil will put some of you in prison to test you, and you will
suffer persecution for ten days. Be faithful, even to the point of
death, and I will
give you the crown of life. (Rev 2:9-10)

So goes the letter to Smyrna, the persecuted church. This letter
doesn't really apply to churches in America. I mean, how many
Christians here do you know of that had to die for their faith?

Probably nobody, and that is the problem: we Christians in the US have
no concept of what is going on in the rest of the world. Did you know
that more Christians have been butchered in this decade than in the
previous centuries of Christendom?

There is a website devoted to the persecuted church:
http://www.persecutedchurch.org
Our persecuted brethren need our prayers!

PERGAMUM
I know where you live--where Satan has his throne. Yet you remain true
to my name. You did not renounce your faith in me, even in the days of
Antipas, my faithful witness, who was put to death in your city--where
Satan lives. (Rev 2:13)

You thought Smyrna had it rough. Can you imagine belonging to a church
in the same city that Satan lives in? For a church to not be affected
by such evil is nothing short of miraculous. It is very commendable
that in the midst of this, Pergamum still stayed true to Jesus.

Just imagine being in a situation where everyone around you is not
necessarily hostile to Jesus, but so gung-ho for everything other than
Him. How hard would it be to not be affected?

Nevertheless, I have a few things against you: You have people there
who hold to the teaching of Balaam, who taught Balak to entice the
Israelites to sin by eating food sacrificed to idols and by committing
sexual immorality. Likewise you also have those who hold to the
teaching of the Nicolaitins.
(Rev 2:14-15)

So Pergamum wasn't so perfect. When you live in a godless society you
cannot help but be affected. And this is just the problem with
Pergamum: a church in a godless area (where Satan lives) being
affected. The church at Ephesus hated the Nicolaitins, and here we
have Pergmum welcoming them.

What is the doctrine of Balaam all about?

They have left the straight way and wandered off to follow the way of
Balaam son of Beor, who loved the wages of wickedness. (2 Peter 2:15)

Woe to them! They have taken the way of Cain; they have rushed for
profit into Balaam's error; they have been destroyed in Korah's
rebellion. (Jude 11)

Both of these passages concern false teachers who knowingly lead people
astray for the purpose of self-gain. These false teachers lead people
astray by introducing idolatry, sensual worship, and other despicable
practices into worship so as to lead believers away from Jesus and to
them.

Nicolaitin is a Greek word meaning "conqueror of the people". And, they
were just that: a ministry who had conquered and ruled over their
congregations like dictators. There is but one Lord: Jesus Christ.

Repent therefore! Otherwise, I will soon come to you and will fight
against them with the sword of my mouth. (Rev 2:16)

Jesus promises to one day destroy these wicked ministers. But you don't
have to be one of their victims. If you feel that you are being led
astray by one of these false teachers, pray that Jesus would grant them
repentance or that he would lead you to a loving, Christ-centered
church.

THYATIRA
I know your works, love, service, faith, and your patience; and as for
your works, the last are more than the first. (Rev 2:19)

So begins the letter to Thyatira. This is a church which not only is on
the ball, doing what it should be doing, but is getting even better at
it.

Nevertheless, I have a few things against you, because you allow that
woman Jezebel, who calls herself a prophetess, to teach and beguile My
servants to commit sexual immorality and to eat things sacrificed to
idols. (Rev 2:20)

Uh-oh. Although Thyatira has a lot of good things done, there is a
major problem with "Jezebel" and the idolatry (sexual immorality and
eating things sacrificed to idols) which she is teaching.

Who was Jezebel?

Historically, she was the Queen of Israel, reigning with Ahab. She was
the daughter of a pagan (non-Israelite) King. She was responsible for
introducing her pagan worship to Israel, leading it on the downward
spiral which led to God's wrath and its subsequent Assyrian captivity.

When brought into the perspective of the church at Thyatira, we would
have Jezebel representing those false teachers who are responsible for
leading their congregations so far astray that they no longer resemble
the Christian
Churches they once were.

I have given her (Jezebel, false teachers) time to repent of her
immorality, but she is unwilling. So I will cast her on a bed of
suffering, and I will make those who commit adultery with her suffer
intensely, unless they repent of her ways. I will strike her children
(congregations of false teachers) dead. Then all the churches will know
that I am he who searches hearts and minds, and I will repay each of you
according to your deeds. (Rev 2:21-23)

God is certainly not happy with these teachers and what they are doing
to HIS churches. They will pay for what they are doing.

Now I say to the rest of you in Thyatira, to you who do not hold to her
teaching and have not learned Satan's so-called deep secrets (I will not
impose any other burden on you): Only hold on to what you have until I
come.
(Rev 2:24-25)

The teaching which these false teachers use to draw in believers--hook,
line,and sinker, in a way--involves deep mysteries. In other words the
approach is: "Forget what your bible says, I have direct revelation
from God." The best way to avoid the trap is one simple rule: does it
fit in with the rest of Scripture? No? Don't believe it!

SARDIS
I know your works, that you have a name that you are alive, but you are
dead. (Rev 3:1)

Sardis is well known for being alive--but it is a facade. This is a
church with no life. What leads to this condition of spiritual
lifelessness?

Be watchful, and strengthen the things which remain, that are ready to
die, for I have not found your works perfect before God. (Rev 3:2)

Jesus does not find their works complete. What works would he be
talking about? The only "work" which we were commanded was to love one
another.

A new commandment I give to you, that you love one another; as I have
loved you, that you also love one another. (John 13:34)

Remember therefore how you have received and heard; hold fast and
repent. (Rev 3:3a)

Sardis is a church devoid of love. So much so that Jesus issues a very
stern rebuke to repent. They are without excuse for being this way
because they've been taught otherwise.

Therefore if you will not watch, I will come upon you as a thief, and
you will not know what hour I will come upon you. (Rev 3:3b)

Here we have a direct reference to the rapture. When Jesus said that
the love of many would grow cold (Matt 24:12), is it a great surprise
that there would be lifeless (loveless) congregations in the end-times?

PHILADELPHIA
I know your works. See I have set before you an open door, and no one
can shut it; for you have a little strength, have kept My word, and have
not
denied My name. (Rev 3:8)

The phrase "an open door" always applies to spreading the gospel. So,
Philadelphians are also known as the evangelists, or spreaders of the
good
news.

Indeed I will make those of the synagogue of Satan, who say they are
Jews and are not, but lie--indeed I will make them come and worship
before you feet and to know that I have loved you. (Rev 3:9)

The evangelists are now and will continue to be even more persecuted by
the false teachers (synagogues of Satan). However, Jesus promises that
the evangelists will be victorious.

Because you have kept My command to persevere, I also will keep you from
the hour of trial which shall come upon the whole world, to test those
who dwell on the earth. (Rev 3:10)

This hour which tests the whole earth refers to the Great Tribulation to
come in which the Antichrist will be ruling the world and the butchering
of those
who follow Jesus.

The Philadelphians are promised protection from this period of time.

Behold, I come quickly! Hold fast what you have, that no one may take
your
crown. (Rev 3:11)

We are to not let anyone try to deceive us, either, concerning our
salvation (crown).

It should be noted that Jesus has nothing bad to say against
Philadelphia. And why should He? They are fulfilling the Great
Commission.

Go therefore and make disciples of all the nations, baptizing them in
the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, teaching
them to observe all things that I have commanded you. (Matt 28:19-20)

LAODICEA
I know your works, that you are neither cold nor hot. I could wish your
were cold or hot. So then, because you are lukewarm, and neither cold
nor hot, I will spew you out of my mouth. (Rev 3:15-16)

Laodiceans are truly the worst of the churches. It would be one thing
if they were dead like Sardis or on fire like Philadelphia, but they
aren't: they're somewhere in the middle. And Jesus hates this.

Because you say, "I am rich, have become wealthy, and have need of
nothing"--and do not know that you are wretched, miserable, poor, blind,
and
naked. (Rev 3:17)

For further clarity on what makes the Laodicean lukewarm, Jesus
explains:they are well off and feel they have need of nothing. So well
off that they no longer need Jesus.

It is in persecution (Smyrna) that the church is its strongest. Is it a
surprise that Satan would realize this and take the opposite approach in
leading Christians away from Christ?

I counsel you to buy from Me gold refined in the fire, that you may be
rich and white garments that you may be clothed, that the shame of your
nakedness may not be revealed; and anoint your eyes with eye salve, that
you may see. (Rev 3:18)

Jesus is urging these brethren to seek the real wealth from Him (gold)
and His righteousness (white garments). Righteousness by our own
actions and merits is nothing but filthy rags to God.

But we're are all as an unclean thing, and all our righteousness are as
filthy rags; and we all do fade as a leaf; and our iniquities, like the
wind, have taken us away. (Isa 64:6)

As many as I love, I rebuke and chasten. Therefore be zealous and
repent. Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears My voice
and opens the door, I will come in to him and dine with him, and he
with Me. (Rev 3:19-20)

Jesus won't give up in trying to get the attention of the Laodicean.
But they, like all of us, must let Him in.

CONCLUSION
We have covered the 7 letters to the 7 churches, Jesus's statements to
the church as a whole, throughout the church era. These churches can be
briefly characterized as:

Ephesus: self-righteousness Smyrna: persecuted
Pergamos: worldliness Thyatira: embracers of extra-biblical
teaching Sardis: loveless Philadelphia: evangelizers
Laodicea: self-sufficient

In all of the churches, only Smyrna and Philadelphia have nothing bad
said about them. The other five have varying problems which Jesus urges
them to repent of before it is too late.

These letters aren't for the past, but also for today and for tomorrow.
You fall into one of these seven churches, ALL CHRISTIANS DO.

What are you going to do about it?
***************************************************
Know Where The Last Jihad Takes Place
By Don D. Srail
There is a problem with interpreters of true Biblical prophecy today.
They should be called speculators, not interpreters. God knows all
things from beginning to end, but man has to wait until the events take
place before he can know perfectly what God already knows as fact. Ezek
38-39 present a need for such speculation, if indeed it is a description
of the last Jihad

C.H. Spurgeon said in an 1862 sermon: "Although I do not despise
prophesying, I entertain a very intense disgust of those who know
nothing about them, and yet pretend to be their interpreters." Things
haven't changed much over the years with self proclaimed experts in
prophecy. Yet, there is a need for speculation or these events will come
upon us in inexcusable ignorance. Let us remember something the Lord
Jesus Christ said to a former generation:

Mat 16:3

And in the morning, It will be foul weather to day: for the sky is red
and lowring. O ye hypocrites, ye can discern the face of the sky; but
can ye not discern the signs of the times?

I contend that until the end time events take place, or someone is given
divine revelation, the best anyone can do in dealing with these passages
is to compare current events with a speculation of compatibility. This
is not interpretation. As current events change, so must the
speculation.

The challenge in dealing with Ezekiel 38-39 is: who are the Gog, and how
does the roll of the 2 prophetic Witnesses of Revelations fit into these
future events?

How does it all tie together in the transition and end of our present
dispensation, and the beginning of the next?

God may be about to change the responsibility and relationship we have
had with Him for the last 2000
years?

Are you going to be ready?

Please read Ezek 38-39 at this point!

1.Ezekiel 38-39 reveal an end time event often referred to as the
coming war with Russia. Looking at current events, and making a
comparison. I am going to make my speculation. Clearly there is a three
pronged invasion of Israel by a group of countries. One comes from the
North, another from the East, and the third from the South. Most of
their root names we have not heard since the times of Noah (Gen 10:2-6;
1Chr 1:4-8).

2.The main thrust is initiated by the Gog from the land of Magog
(Ezek 38:2-3).

3.North of Israel the Caucasus Mountain range runs between the Black
Sea and the Caspian Sea. The peaks are called the Gogh (Gog) of which
Ararat (Noah's landing site) is a peak. The land of Magog probably
includes those inhabitants north of the Caucasus. If present day Russia
(after the demise of the USSR) were looked at as a rather lopsided
funnel, the spout would run between the Black and Caspian Seas ending at
the Caucasus Mountains. This is the present border between Russia,
Georgia, Azerbaijon, Chechnya (all probably part of the Gog) and Turkey.

NORTH
1.Watch the spout as an Islamic Gog prepares for it's final roll in
Jewish history. The Gog are further identified in Ezek 38:2-3 as being
"the chief prince of Meshech and Tubal" (some commentators like W..E.
Heslop see these as Moscow and Tobolsk the twin capital cities of
Russia). These are, first of all, names of grandsons of Noah that
settled North of the Caucasus, and are identified there by those who
have traced the patriarchal progenitors.
2.The New King James Bible has an interesting translation of this
same passage. It reads "the prince of Rosh, Meshech and Tubal"
transliterating "chief" into its Hebrew word "rosh." Rosh is also the
modern word used in Israel for Russia. It may be right, or it may also
be a translation influenced by a speculation?
3.The fact that the Gog are called a prince of Rosh, or even a chief
prince convinces me that they are but a part of a whole population. The
breakaway Russian Moslem countries could be looked at as princes to
their former king.
4.I can speculate that a part of old Russia (an Islamic part)
instigates an attack on Israel still leaving Russia the nation strong
enough to be the King of the North (Dan 11:40) during the Battle of
Armageddon.

EAST
Much more certain is Persia (Ezek 38:5) modern day Islamic Iran and Iraq
east of Israel. What better cause could join these antagonists together
then the thought to plunder a potentially defenseless Israel (Ezek
38:10-12)?

SOUTH

The next two countries mentioned in Ezek 38:5 are south of Israel. They
are Cush and Libya (transliterated Put or Phut). Today religious
habitation indicates South Africa is considered Christian, Central
Africa is a mix of Islam and professing Christianity, and North Africa
is Moslem. The placement of these two grandsons of Noah are in North
Africa. I speculate Cush and Put might represent the Moslem hoards of
North Africa?

Rest of the NORTH
Last mentioned is Gomer and Togarmah Ezek 38:6. This grandson and great
grandson of Noah settled around the Black Sea. Gomer is found northeast
of the Black Sea (near the spout). The modern day equivalent would be
those Russians living just north of the Black Sea (a Moslem stronghold).
Togarmah is Turkey a totally Moslem country. Today all these countries
cup Israel putting its back to the Mediterranean Sea. The buffer
countries are Egypt, Lebanon, Jordan, and Syria. None of whom would be
likely to make any objection to an Islamic invasion (Jihad) regardless
of personal peace treaties with Israel. These peoples are of different
races, countries, and cultures. The only thing they share in common
today is their religion. The participants of Ezekiel 38 & 39 today can
only be Moslem! If this prophetic passage were to find it's fulfillment
today, it could only be an Islamic invasion of Israel. It would not be a
war with Russia (only an Islamic part of Russia). It would be the LAST
JIHAD!

The big picture of Ezekiel makes Ezek 35 interesting in context
because it is about a judgement of God on the Edomite neighbors of a
former generation of Jews. The last recorded living Edomite was the
infamous King Herod. They are now extinct as a people. Their demise was
due to an attitude of hate against Israel infecting the population:

Ezek 35:11

Therefore, as I live, saith the Lord GOD, I will even do according to
thine anger, and according to thine envy which thou hast used out of thy
hatred against them; and I will make myself known among them, when I
have judged thee.

Today, modern representatives of the old Edomite neighbors of Israel
seem to share the same infection of anger. The words of Ezekiel 39 may
well be describing The Last Jihad, and the end of Islam!

These events may take place right after the rapture of the "born again"
Christians (Mat 24:39-42).

The focus of God would surely be recognized as having shifted from the
True Church to the Nation of Israel. Just as the events of the holocaust
caused the world not to object to Israel reclaiming their land, so the
reverse-holocaust events of Ezek 39:11 would cause the world to give no
objection to the next logical step Israel must take - rebuilding their
Temple. The revival of the Jewish Temple is what the last section of
Ezekiel (chapter 34 to the end) is all about.

A built on Mount Moriah is what chapters 38 and 39 are focused. I see
Ezek 38-39 as transitional. The possessing Church (the real "born again"
Christians) with the power of the Holy Spirit is raptured (1Cor
15:51-54) taken out of this world, and up to heaven leaving only the
spiritually powerless (unable to produce true conversion) professing
Church identified as Apostate Christianity.

However, spiritual impotence is never a handicap to increasing
membership as Liberal Christianity, Neo-evangelicalism, the cults, or
the Roman Church well exemplify. Christ will still be the major part of
their Gospel message as He is today, but true conversion never was, can,
nor never will be able to be wrought through them. Without the Holy
Spirit, the message becomes powerless.

Ecstatic uncontrolled emotionalism and false mysticism characterized by
the Roman Catholics and Charismatic Christians of today will be
unrestrained with the Holy Spirit's departure at the rapture. It may
well lead to the greatest explosion of professing Christianity Rev 17
the world has ever known, but it will be apostate and false!

Something of monumental proportion will be necessary to prove God is not
impotent in this religious world left after the rapture.

The utter annihilation of Islam in Ezek 39 will show the world where it
must now look to find salvation The gospel of apostate Christianity (the
leaven of man's works mixed together with lip service to the grace of
Christ, and the probable absence of the doctrine of eternal security)
will be powerless to produce true conversion during the tribulation.

I believe Ezek 38-39 is the transition providing the post rapture world
with a place to look for salvation.
Just as it was in the 69 weeks of Dan 9, so also will it be in the 70th
week - that a place will be the focus of God and His Children.

The purpose of Ezek 38-39 is no mystery when viewed in transition to the
rapture and the beginning of Daniel''s 70th week. God is changing
dispensations! His relationship with the Church has ended. His
relationship with Israel of old is being re-established. He is making
His intent clear to the post rapture world!

Ezek 38:16

and thou shalt come up against my people of Israel, as a cloud to cover
the land; it shall be in the latter days, and I will bring thee against
my land, that the heathen may know me, when I shall be sanctified in
thee, O Gog, before their eyes.

Ezek 38:23

Thus will I magnify myself, and sanctify myself; and I will be known in
the eyes of many nations, and they shall know that I am the LORD.

Ezek 39:6-7

(See also Revelations 11:5 linking the Two Witnesses to these events)

And I will send a fire on Magog, and among them that dwell carelessly in
the isles: and they shall know that I am the LORD.

So will I make my holy name known in the midst of my people Israel; and
I will not let them pollute my holy name any more: and the heathen shall
know that I am the LORD, the Holy One in Israel.

Ezek 39:22-25

So the house of Israel shall know that I am the LORD their God from that
day and forward.

And the heathen shall know that the house of Israel went into captivity
for their iniquity:
because they trespassed against me, therefore hid I my face from them,
and gave them into the hand of their enemies: so fell they all by the
sword.

According to their uncleanness and according to their transgressions
have I done unto them, and hid my face from them.

Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Now will I bring again the captivity
of Jacob, and have mercy upon the whole house of Israel, and will be
jealous for my holy name;

Ezek 39 is not a war. Though the enemy comes for war, the victory is an
act of God; a picture to the whole world of things to come in some 7
short years (Daniel's 70th week ending in Armageddon). The tribulation
starts with a regional judgment, and ends with a global judgement.
A number of things might happen with the fall of the Islamic Arabs of
Persia and their allies.

1.Israel would increase in land possession (including those losses
traded away for a secularized peace).
2.The Anti-Christ: leading a 10 nation Western confederacy Rev 13:1
could see his control over the oil fields becoming possible. He could
see making Bagdad/Babylon (the material, not the religious whore) the
banking capital of the new world order as it appears in Rev 18.
3.With his power in the West, and his potential wealth in the East, a
treaty with Israel would become paramount.
4.The signing of such a treaty with secular heads of Israel would
signal to a new faithful religious element the beginning of Daniel's
70th week (Dan 9:27).
5.Because of Ezekiel 39, there will be no need for objection to a
Jewish Temple. Islam's pride will be lying dead on the mountains of
Israel (Ezek 39:4).
6.The Anti-Christ would be most likely to consider treaty rather then
force at this time.

Here is a speculation about the mission of the TWO WITNESSES of Rev 11.
They will be the future equivalents of Ezra's High Priest Joshua and
head administrator Zerubbabel.
They will have 42 months to build and establish Temple Worship (notice a
link between the TWO WITNESSES and the Temple in Rev 11 One might be
designated High Priest while the other administrative Prince of Israel?
Like 2 olive trees ( Rev 11:4 and Zech 4:3) of an earlier time with
similar mission. Their call to rebuild the Temple, and support by
144,000 Jews (12,000 each living where the old tribes were located)
might well be the catalyst of Ezek 38-39.
With the end of Islam, the Jews would now be free to build Ezekiel's
Temple (Ezek 40-42), and establish the chronology in the last section of
Ezekiel.
Ezekiel saw two returns. In the first (Ezra's day with Joshua and
Zerubbabel) there was no fulfillment of Chapters 38 & 39, but in our day
(culminating with the Two Witnesses) of the second return it could find
it's fulfillment.

Now a Chronology of Ezekiel!

Beginning in Ezek 34 with an indictment against all secularized Jewish
leaders applicable to those past and present.

Ezek 35 about Israel's hate filled neighbors both former and modern.

Ezek 36-37 where the "dry bones" of both Ezekiel's day and today come
together.

Then the "last Jihad" of Ezek 38-39 yet to be realized.

Culminating in the Temple of Ezek 40-48 which is yet to be built where
Jesus Christ will sit on His throne Ezek 43:7.

Continuing to see the shift from the Church to the Nation of Israel
and it's Temple.

1.The Levits (possibly 12,000 Jews called from Jerusalem proper)
reappear in Rev 7, and would provide the High Priest with his Temple
workers and priests during the first half of the 7 year tribulation.
2.The Anti-Christ kills the TWO WITNESSES (Rev 11:7) designating the
beginning of Jacob's Trouble (Midpoint of The Tribulation). Their 42
month task of rebuilding and establishing Temple Worship will have been
completed.
3.Faithful Jews (including the 144,000 of Revelations 7 and including
gentile strangers converted to the Jewish Messiah (established in the
past Lev 19:33-34 and continued in the future Ezek 47:23) flee Jerusalem
and the Temple under the protection of God. It will be abandoned to the
Anti-Christ, and secular Jews for the last 42 months.

Now the Anti-Christ desecrates the Temple.

He then spends the last 42 months (Rev 11-19) trying to destroy the
faithful Jewish remnant with converted Gentiles (the good strangers of
the Old Testament - Exodus 12:48).

He tries to out-do those miracles previously preformed through the TWO
WITNESSES.

And, suffers the increasing wrath of God.

While I'm speculating, let me look at the events at the very end of
Jacob's Trouble (last half of 7 year tribulation) from Zechariah's view.

Those events might force the Anti-Christ to flee Jerusalem, or at least
cause his power over the city to end.
The converging armies that will gather for Armageddon might give the
Jewish remnant a momentary opportunity to return to the city and the
Temple.

The King of the North (Russia) would be the new invader of Jerusalem
during those very last days of the Tribulation.

Half the city will be captive on the last day of the events of Zech
12-14, but it would allow for a final revival among secular Jews who did
not flee with the faithful. They will have suffered under the
Anti-Christ as many Jews suffered under Antiochus Epiphanes or the Nazi
occupation .

God will give one final plea for those who still haven't been
circumcised in their heart.

Zech 12:10

And I will pour upon the house of David, and upon the inhabitants of
Jerusalem, the spirit of grace and of supplications: and they shall look
upon me whom they have pierced, and they shall mourn for him, as one
mourneth for his only son, and shall be in bitterness for him, as one
that is in bitterness for his firstborn.

Zech 13:6

And one shall say unto him, What are these wounds in thine hands? Then
he shall answer, Those with which I was wounded in the house of my
friends.

Zech 13:9

And I will bring the third part through the fire, and will refine them
as silver is refined, and will try them as gold is tried: they shall
call on my name, and I will hear them: I will say, It is my people: and
they shall say, The LORD is my God.

Although Islam's end is catastrophic, God still provides for the
individual.

Ezekiel's Temple will also have an outer court (the peoples court) as
did all the previous Jewish Temples.

The outer court is where the gentile is welcome. It will be the place
where Moslem, Apostate Christian, or any other non-Jew will be able to
find the only God of the Bible, and all eternity.

It is where they will find The Lord Jesus Christ, God's only begotten
Son.

He alone is the King of the Jews, and Savior of any who will seek Him
with all their heart, and all their soul, and all their might.

Mat 11:28-30

28 Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give
you rest.

29 Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in
heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls.

30 For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.

The final Victor shall be the Lord Jesus Christ,

but on that day it will be too late!

Comments mail to:ddsrail@CTC.NET
*************************************
"The Room"
Submitted by E. Lee Audirsch

In that place between wakefulness and dreams, I found myself in the
room.
There were no distinguishing features save for the one wall covered with
small index card files. They were like the ones in libraries that list
titles by author or subject in alphabetical order. But these files,
which stretched from floor to ceiling and seemingly endless in either
direction, had very different headings. As I drew near the wall of
files, the first to catch my attention was one that read "People I Have
Liked." I opened it and began flipping through the cards. I quickly shut
it, shocked to realize that I recognized the names written on each one.
And then without being told, I knew exactly where I was. This lifeless
room with its small files was a crude catalog system for my life. Here
were written the actions of my every moment, big and small, in a detail
my memory couldn't match. A sense of wonder and curiosity, coupled with
horror, stirred within me as I began randomly opening files and
exploring their content. Some brought joy and sweet memories; others a
sense of shame and regret so intense that I would look over my shoulder
to see if anyone was watching.

A file named "Friends" was next to the one marked "Friends I Have
Betrayed." The titles ranged from the mundane to the outright weird.
"Books I Have Read," "Lies I Have Told," "Comfort I Have Given," "Jokes
I Have Laughed At." Some were almost hilarious in their exactness:
"Things I Have Yelled at My Brothers." Others I couldn't laugh at:
"Things I Have Done In My Anger," "Things I Have Muttered Under My
Breath at My Parents." I never ceased to be surprised by the contents.
Often there were many more cards than I expected. Sometimes fewer than I
hoped. I was overwhelmed by the sheer volume of the life I had lived.
Could it be possible that I had the time in my 20 years to write each of
these thousands or even millions of cards? But each card confirmed this
truth.

Each was written in my own handwriting. Each signed with my signature.
When I pulled out the file marked "Songs I Have Listened To," I realized
the files grew to contain their contents. The cards were packed tightly,
and yet after two or three yards, I hadn't found the end of the file. I
shut it, shamed, not so much by the quality of music, but more by the
vast amount of time I knew that file represented.

When I came to a file marked "Lustful Thoughts," I felt a chill run
through my body. I pulled the file out only an inch, not willing to test
its size, and drew out a card. I shuddered at its detailed content. I
felt sick to think that such a moment had been recorded.

An almost animal rage broke on me. One thought dominated my mind: "No
one must ever see these cards! No one must ever see this room! I have to
destroy them!" In an insane frenzy I yanked the file out. Its size
didn't matter now. I had to empty it and burn the cards. But as I took
it at one end and began pounding it on the floor, I could not dislodge a
single card.

I became desperate and pulled out a card, only to find it as strong as
steel when I tried to tear it. Defeated and utterly helpless, I returned
the file to its slot. Leaning my forehead against the wall, I let out a
long, self-pitying sigh. And then I saw it. The title bore "People I
Have Shared the Gospel With." The handle was brighter than those around
it, newer, almost unused. I pulled on its handle and a small box not
more than three inches long fell into my hands. I could count the cards
it contained on one hand.

And then the tears came. I began to weep. Sobs so deep that the hurt
started in my stomach and shook through me. I fell on my knees and
cried. I cried out of shame, from the overwhelming shame of it all. The
rows of file shelves swirled in my tear-filled eyes. No one must ever,
ever know of this room. I must lock it up and hide the key.

But then as I pushed away the tears, I saw Him. No, please not Him. Not
here. Oh, anyone but Jesus. I watched helplessly as He began to open the
files and read the cards. I couldn't bear to watch His response. And in
the moments I could bring myself to look at His face, I saw a sorrow
deeper than my own. He seemed to intuitively go to the worst boxes. Why
did He have to read every one?

Finally, He turned and looked at me from across the room. He looked at
me with pity in His eyes. But this was a pity that didn't anger me. I
dropped my head, covered my face with my hands and began to cry again.
He walked over and put His arm around me. He could have said so many
things. But He didn't say a word. He just cried with me.

Then He got up and walked back to the wall of files. Starting at one end
of the room, He took out a file and, one by one, began to sign His name
over mine on each card.

"No!" I shouted rushing to Him. All I could find to say was "No, no," as
I pulled the card from Him. His name shouldn't be on these cards. But
there it was, written in red so rich, so dark, so alive. The name of
Jesus covered mine. It was written with His blood.

He gently took the card back. He smiled a sad smile and began to sign
the cards. I don't think I'll ever understand how He did it so quickly,
but the next instant it seemed I heard Him close the last file and walk
back to my side. He placed His hand on my shoulder and said, "It is
finished." I stood up, and He led me out of the room. There was no lock
on its door.

When I awoke I realized that there were still cards to be written.

E. Lee Audirsch
*****************************************************************
My friend if you died today do you know for sure that you would go to
Heaven? If you are not sure please go to this site to find out how you
can know for sure.
http://swordofthelord.com/areyousure.html
************************************
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
PROPHEZINE NEWSLETTER - NEWSBYTES
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Panic In The Year Zero Part 4
By Joseph Farah

Several weeks ago, I introduced readers to Alan Dechert, the man behind
the immodest cause of resetting our global calendars to the Year Zero in
2000.

I fear Dechert has received even more publicity due to my column --so
much, in fact, that he wrote to me to straighten me out about his
intentions.

"I enjoyed this article," he writes. "Many people I know also got a big
charge out of it -- perhaps not the kind of praise you'd like to get,
but many found it entertaining at least."
So far, so good. I always aim to be entertaining. But Dechert is hurt by
the fact that I suggested it was "some nut" who came up with this nutty
idea. For this, I apologize. I'm sure Dechert is not a nut, just
extremely misguided.

More bad news. He informs me that his idea is taking off. And I believe
him.

"The first television appearance of the Global Era Calendar will be
filmed next week," he gushes.

He also assures me that he is not at all concerned about the Y2K bug.
Governments, businesses and ordinary people around the world may be
fretting about it, but it's not Dechert's concern. He's got a much
bigger goal in mind than presenting a solution to a problem some fear
may cause global chaos. Dechert's plan is about equity, fairness,
eliminating Christo-centrism and chauvinism, etc.

But don't get him wrong. Even though his idea has been embraced by
radical secularist Paul Kurtz, the leader of the world's humanists, it
is not an "anti-Christian" plot.

"What if a Muslim walked up to you at a street corner and said, 'I don't
like this year-numbering system (pointing to the date in the
newspaper),'" he asks rhetorically. "'It is anti-Islam. It seeks to
eradicate the power of Allah and Mohammed.' ... In other words, YZ is
about inclusivity -- not exclusivity." Though he doesn't see the
movement as an "us versus them" issue, he does think the Global Era
Calendar symbolizes unity of the various religions in the world.

"This does not mean erasing our differences, but acknowledging the
things we have in common," he writes. "It would show a willingness to
agree on something -- if only a symbolic something. Let's bring them all
to the table. They'll all have to leave something behind, however. But
this interreligious cooperation is sorely needed if we are to make
substantial progress in solving the world's pressing problems."
Though Dechert decries chauvinism, he's pretty proud of his little
movement. He thinks it will catch on. And he'll be happy to take the
credit when it does.

"I began, back in April, sending my Global Era Calendar package out to
all heads-of-state." he writes. "I expect to have this mailing completed
soon. If one government or another adopts the Global Era
Calendar Resolution or it gets introduced at the U.N., it will happen
because I initiated the process."
You can bank on that one, friends. This is an idea whose time has come.
Once again, I reiterate what I wrote in the column that so amused
Dechert: There are many people in this world who would love to eliminate
the year-numbering system based on the life of Jesus Christ. They would
do this not to unify, but to divide.

Maybe I've missed it, but I haven't heard any clamoring from Muslims to
change the calendar. Muslims, it may surprise Dechert to learn, revere
Jesus Christ as a great prophet. Any thinking person -- believer or not
-- would have to acknowledge the immense impact His life has had on the
course of history, on mankind's last 2,000
years. One thing most everyone in the world can agree with is that we
live in the year 1998. Only those with a suspect religious and political
agenda would seek to give the world one more testy debate.

"The script for this play is a living document," Dechert concludes.
"The Bible isn't much use here but it does get involved because many are
referring to it so that they will know what to do. We are collectively
writing the script as we go along. But there is no doubt that we are now
on the final act of this particular story.
The Grand Finale holds some twists, turns and surprises! It should be
fun!"
There's an ancient Chinese curse that goes: "May you live in interesting
times." I don't know how much fun we'll be having in the next two years
as we grapple with scandal in the White House, the Y2K crisis and a
world on the nuclear brink, but, once again, I predict we have not heard
the last of this Year Zero idea. Even Dechert agrees with me on that
much.

Joseph Farah is editor of the Internet newspaper www.WorldNetDaily.com
and executive director of the Western Journalism Center, an independent
group of investigative reporters.

PZ Editor Added:
Daniel 7:25 "He will speak against the Most High and oppress his saints
and try to change the set times and the laws. The saints will be handed
over to him for a time, times and half a time."
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
ZERO TOLERANCE FOR GUNS, DRUGS AND PRAYER?
By Family Research Council

WASHINGTON, D.C. - "New York public school officials and the
ACLU have demonstrated almost infinite tolerance for teachers
with the wackiest ideas. But, when it comes to faith, then
suddenly a teacher has the full force of the bureaucracy in
New York coming down on her head," Family Research Council
President Gary Bauer said Thursday. "All over America,
parents are worried about the violence and drugs ravaging this
country's schools, but I don't think many parents are sitting
around scared to death that their children may hear the name
of Jesus Christ."

Bauer spoke Thursday at a news conference with Congressman Tom
Delay (R-TX), former Bronx schoolteacher Mildred Rosario and
religious liberty advocate William Murray, the son of renowned
atheist Madeline Murray O'Hair, who won a 1963 Supreme Court
case barring school prayer.

Earlier this month, Mrs. Rosario was fired from her Bronx
school for praying for her students in the wake of a
classmate's drowning death. When a troubled student asked
Mrs. Rosario if the boy had gone to heaven, she assured the
11-year-old girl that he had. As she counseled the students,
Mrs. Rosario also led them in prayer.

"Under current law, a public school teacher is not to lead
students in prayer," Bauer said. "What's a teacher to do in
such a situation? Share evolution's comforting philosophy
that after death we're nothing but recyclable matter making
up the 'circle of life'? One of Mrs. Rosario's students said
it best: 'We talk about guns and condoms--and they give us
condoms to have safe sex on the streets. But we can't talk
about the one who made us.'

"I believe the Supreme Court sent us down a treacherous road
35 years ago when it banned prayer from school," Bauer said.
"Our founding fathers never intended for religion to be
excluded from the classroom. They recognized religion has a
role in public life. Yet, an activist Court has disregarded
the Constitution in order to advance its own agenda. Now is
the time for us to retrace our steps and recapture the vision
of our ancestors. Otherwise, incidents such as those in
Springfield, Jonesboro and Pearl may cease to shock us."

If you have any questions or comments about this press release
or about the Family Research Council, please visit our web
site at: http://www.frc.org
FOR MORE INFORMATION OR INTERVIEWS, CONTACT THE FRC
MEDIA OFFICE AT (202) 393-2100.
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
ReligionToday.com
(http://www.ReligionToday.com
--------------------------------------------------------------------
Arrests shut down the church in Saudi Arabia

The Christian church in Saudi Arabia has come to a standstill as
leaders fear a large-scale crackdown by authorities in the Muslim
nation.

...Hundreds of house churches have stopped meeting and leaders fear
incarceration after the arrests this month of 12 expatriates who are
Christians. "There is a silent, mutually understood moratorium on all
gatherings in the country," International Christian Concern's Steve
Snyder told Religion Today. "They are staying underground."

...Christian worship is forbidden in the nation, which is ruled by
Islamic Sharia law. About 150,000 expatriates, mostly Filipinos who came
to Saudi Arabia for employment, worship secretly in 400 house churches.
The tiny native-Saudi church is even further underground, and avoids
contact with expatriate believers for security reasons, Snyder said.
Evangelism, Christian literature, Bibles, and crosses are illegal.

...Authorities arrested two Filipinos June 6 for distributing Christian
materials to homes in Riyadh, the capital. Workers hung 500 packets of
Arabic-language biblical materials on doorknobs in an outreach carefully
planned to avoid confrontation, Baptist Press said. In the subsequent
two weeks, the Muttawah, Saudi religious police, raided several homes
and arrested 10 more Christians, including one who is believed to be the
leader of a house church movement in Riyadh.

...Those detained are 11 Filipinos, including a woman who gave birth
while in detention, and a Dutch national. Angelito Hison, Ariel Ordona,
Juanito Manalili, Reuben Aguirre, Wim Den Hartog, Yolai Aguilar, John
Leyson, Gali Afurong, Pete Prado, Jim Liscano, Renato Ferrer, and Dolly
Bonggaling are being held. Aguilar gave birth to an 8-pound girl two
days after being taken, and church leaders fear that she and the others
are being interrogated and tortured to reveal the names of other
underground leaders.

...Torture is sometimes used as a tactic to ascertain information, a
former expatriate pastor in Saudi Arabia told Religion Today.

There are dozens of secret locations where police can interrogate and
torture prisoners, he said. The whereabouts of most of the prisoners is
unknown, ICC said. "I can imagine what they are going through -- untold
suffering and deprivation," the pastor said.

...The pastor lived in the country for 11 years and led the largest
house church in Riyadh when the Muttawah arrested him in 1992.
Authorities demanded information about the underground church, using
flogging, beatings, and mental torture, he said. Others suffered
electric shock treatment and were hung from the ceiling by their thumbs
or upside down as police beat them. The pastor was sentenced to death,
but was freed hours before his scheduled execution because of pressure
from the U.S. government and human rights groups, he said.

...International pressure on the Saudi government "will be a tremendous
help" for the imprisoned Christians, he said. "When the government
becomes aware that others know and that we have [the prisoners] names,
they will be much more careful." ICC is calling on Christians to send
comments advocating release of the prisoners to the Saudi embassy by
email or mail. The address is:

His Royal Highness Prince Bandar Bin Sultan

...U.S. leaders are expressing concern about the situation, a
congressional staff worker said. Several members of Congress have
contacted the Saudi embassy and at least one has asked President Clinton
to get involved. A State Department source said the situation is being
monitored closely.

...The United States usually is reluctant to confront the Saudis about
religious freedom, Snyder said. The United States often bends to Saudi
demands, such as a decision in the early 1990s to stop holding worship
services at the American embassy in Saudi Arabia, the pastor said. "Many
in the diplomatic corps came to the house churches that I pastored as a
result of that decision."
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
National ID card on fast track
By David M. Bresnahan Source: WorldNetDaily

Transportation Department Already Making The Rules

Like it or not, the day is fast approaching when every American will
carry a national identification card. Those who do not have one will be
denied many basic services.

Little notice was given to the issue in 1996 when Congress passed the
Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act. One
section of the act requires all states to make their driver's licenses
comply with certain guidelines found in Section 656 (b) of the act.

Federal agencies will be required to prohibit the use of state
driver's licenses beginning Oct. 1, 2000, unless they comply with the
federal standards. The new licenses must use the Social Security number
as the driver's license number, for example.

The act also calls for digitized biometric information to be a part of
each license, or "smart card." This information will not be required
initially. But later, the biometric information will include
fingerprints, retina scans, DNA prints, and other similar information.

Responsibility for the design and implementation of the cards has been
given to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration of the
Department of Transportation. That agency has recently published the
proposed "Driver's License/SSN/National Identification Document," which
contains the guidelines which must be in force by Oct. 1, 2000. The
"Notice of Proposed Rule Making" sets out the standards for each state
to follow in the design of "identification documents."

"These new National ID regulations violate every notion of federalism,
because they force states to comply with regulations issued by the
federal government without any constitutional authority to do so,"
says Patrick Poole of the Free Congress Foundation. "Nor are federal
agencies empowered to force state to gather detailed information on
every person in order to comply with federal mandates. The net result
of the DOT's regulations is to establish a national ID system, which
has been opposed by almost every non-governmental sector for the past
five decades."

Shortly after the passage of the act by congress, Utah state Rep.
Gerry A. Adair introduced a bill to comply with the federal
requirements. The level of opposition from the public was extensive,
which Adair said at the time surprised him. The bill was defeated and
was regarded as one of the most controversial bills of that session.

States which fail to comply with the federal requirements will impose
difficulties on their citizens. Without the new card it may become
impossible to purchase firearms, get a job, board a plane, vote, cash
a check, open a bank or investment account, purchase insurance, receive
federal benefits, obtain a student loan, receive Medicare or Medicaid
benefits, and many more basic services presently taken for granted
according to Poole.

Once the card is in use, Poole suggests that privacy will be a thing
of the past. Information will be easily available about all aspects of
every American's life.

The information stored in each card will be held in a computer chip
imbedded in the card, which may one day be injected under a person's
skin. Experiments testing such an identification system have already
been conducted on military personnel and for identification security
at the Olympics.

For those who point to the Tenth Amendment to the Constitution, Poole
explains that President Bill Clinton recently signed Executive Order
13083 entitled "Federalism." That document effectively gives authority
to the federal government to force anything it wants on states. No
effort was made by anyone in Congress to overturn the Executive Order.

Conservatives went to their legislators in 1995 to protest an effort
by Utah Gov. Mike Leavitt to establish a Conference of the States to
address the issue of states rights and federalism. Leavitt campaigned
hard and pointed to a federal government that had overstepped its
intended role and authority by imposing unfunded mandates on states.
Conservatives succeeded in defeating the effort but have thus far
remained relatively silent about the recent Executive Order 13083.

Phyllis Schlafly, president of Eagle Forum surprisingly had no comment
on the Executive Order. Leavitt could not be reached for comment, but
he has been very outspoken on states rights in the past.

The executive order apparently sets the stage for the federal
government to dictate anything it wants to the states. Compliance will
be mandated and states rights will be a thing of the past, according to
Poole. He said he would not be surprised to see more mandates such as
the national ID card forced upon unwilling states and citizens.

There is still time for individuals to comment on the Notice of
Proposed Rulemaking. All comments must be in writing and are limited to
a maximum of 15 pages and must be received no later than Aug. 3, 1998.
Two copies of your comments should be sent to Docket No.
NHTSA-98-3945, Docket Management Room PL-401, National Highway Traffic
Safety Administration, Nassif Building, 400 Seventh Street, S.W.,
Washington, D.C. 20590. Place the docket number on each page of your
comments.

Poole also suggests individuals contact their congressional
representatives. "They passed this thing,
and they can change it if they hear from enough people," he said.

1998 Western Journalism Center --NOTE: In accordance with Title 17
U.S.C. section 107, this material is distributed without profit or
payment to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving this
information for non-profit research and educational purposes only.
www.worldnetdaily.com
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
ITAA's Year 2000 Outlook
June 26, 1998 Volume 3, No. 24
Published by the Information Technology Association of America,
Arlington, VA
Bob Cohen, Editor bcohen@itaa.org

Read in over 70 countries around the world

House Denies Y2K Emergency Funds
Lawmakers put the kibosh on federal Y2K emergency funding this week, at
least temporarily. The House Rules Committee voted to strip out $2.25
billion in Y2K emergency appropriations previously included in the FY
1999 Treasury-Postal spending bill. Along with $1.6 billion in Y2K
repair dollars trimmed from the Department of Defense funding bill, the
emergency funds will now be incorporated in a separate measure. Making
the task even more difficult, the dollars must now be offset by cuts in
other government programs.

According to one industry observer: "It is very disheartening. The
people who voted to strip the funds from the Treasury-Postal Service
bill clearly do not understand the severity of the Y2K problem for
federal agencies. It is a crisis and should be treated like other
emergencies. This move could seriously hamper the ability to fund the
federal government's Y2K repairs. Conservative economics prevailed over
common sense. Extraordinary vision was required to respond to
extraordinary events and Congress failed the test."

Resolution to the funding issue will be delayed until after the
Congressional July 4 recess.

UN Resolution Calls for Global Cooperation on Y2K
The United Nations will take up a resolution shortly calling on member
states to raise the priority of the Year 2000 issue and forge global
cooperation. Speaking at the World Congress on Information Technology
in Fairfax, VA, Ambassador Ahmad Kamal, chairman of the UN Working Group
on Informatics, said the resolution calls on the Economic and Social
Council to prepare action guidelines for member states at its meeting
next month, and establishes a UN monitoring and reporting system.

Briefing a series of wide-ranging UN actions in his remarks, Kamal said,
"=85we are far, very far, from being sanguine about results." He noted
that common action, not finger-pointing, is the solution. "Y2K is
obviously a challenge, but it is also an opportunity," he said. "Great
potential exists in several developing countries to assist in addressing
the global dimensions of the problem=85Many developing countries=85have
a large pool of software developers and engineers capable of analyzing
and re-writing the non-compliant programs, and doing so at a fractional
comparative cost."

Kamal, Permanent Ambassador to the UN from Pakistan, spoke on a Year
2000 panel which also included ITAA President Harris Miller,
International Chamber of Commerce Secretary General Maria Cattaui, and
IBM Year 2000 Global Initiatives General Manager David Cassano.
Panelists' remarks are available at
http://www.conferencecast.worldcongress1998.org/dflt_d3.htm.

Vice President Al Gore participated in the World Congress via
interactive video and urged conference attendees to get the Y2K job
done. Perhaps responding to recent criticism by House Speaker New
Gingrich and other Republicans in Congress, Gore referred to the
rhetoric surrounding the Year 2000 issue. He urged high tech business
leaders to action, particularly where big businesses are in a position
to help their suppliers.

International Banking Rates Mixed Reviews
If not fireworks in advance of July 4, a hearing in the House this week
produced a series of useful insights into the Y2K status of
international banks and other institutions. U.S. ambassadors at
diplomatic posts around the world report, for instance, that just three
percent of foreign banks they polled are "problematic" for Y2K
compliance.

Providing written testimony to the House Banking Committee, State
Department Undersecretary Bonnie Cohen reported that a status check of
banks in 157 countries found 17 percent compliant now and another 48
percent indicating compliance by the end of this year. Cohen also
referred to a year-old State Department survey of Post, Telephone and
Telegraph (PTT) companies indicating that 50 percent have active Y2K
programs. "Because many responses were subjective," she indicated, "we
are now updating the information."

Cohen reported that globally, the "public and private sectors are
heroically addressing the Y2K problem," but time is not working in their
favor. As a result, U.S. embassies are trying to get their plans in
order for various "operational scenarios." According to Cohen, "These
plans would range from the operations within our missions up to the
crisis management required from the lack of essential services in a host
country." Meanwhile, Cohen said the Bureau of Consular Affairs has
begun meeting with its counterparts in Australia, Canada, the United
Kingdom and New Zealand to discuss public safety and travel security
topics. "Future meetings will focus on how to convey information to the
public to keep them informed but not react in panic," Cohen indicated.

Y2K comatose countries may panic when they learn about the peer pressure
plans of the Joint Year 2000 Council to create country by country Y2K
status pages on the web. The Council is co-sponsored by the Basle
Committee on Banking Supervision, the G-10 central bank governors'
Committee on Payment and Settlement Systems and other groups.

According to Ernest Patrikis, First Vice President, Federal Reserve Bank
of New York and Chairman of the Council, each page would contain contact
information for government officials; financial supervisors and
regulators; financial industry associations; payment, settlement and
trading systems; chambers of commerce; and major utility associations or
supervisors. The pages will also contain Y2K related status information
for these groups. Patrikis said the web-based approach will help create
informal networking and better awareness. But a stick is part and
parcel of the package. "=85the presence of the country pages may exert
pressure on those countries where more vigorous action is needed. A
blank or uninformative country listing would probably not be seen as a
good sign by some financial market participants," Patrikis told the
Banking Committee.

Patrikis said the Council is also collecting and posting information on
the Y2K preparedness and testing of payment and settlement systems
around the globe. He said 150 systems in 47 countries have cooperated
to date, and his group intends to expand the scope of coverage to
exchanges and trading systems as well as major financial information
services providers. Patrikis said twin goals are to help organizations
coordinate test schedules and identify anomalies. But again there is a
stick:

"Primarily, I see this as an exercise in peer pressure," Patrikis said.
"If we list every country in the world on our web site and the public
can see that some countries have scheduled mandatory external tests of
their major trading and settlement systems, while other countries do not
provide any information, that second country may come under greater
pressure to organize an external testing program. This is our stated
goal."

Moody's Investors Service also rated noteworthy comments at the
hearing. Managing Director Samuel Theodore told the Banking Committee
that a majority of large international banks are "on track" for Y2K
compliance. According to Theodore, "Such large institutions represent,
in aggregate, a critical transmission belt for financial flows
worldwide; therefore, we believe that Y2K-related systemic risk, while
possible, may in fact be more remote than it is sometimes presented in
the media."

If prospects for large institutions are looking up, Theodore indicated
that the sunny picture does extend to smaller, less internationally
connected banks with less tested IT cultures.

"Banks in Europe, Asia and the rest of the world appear to be less
concerned about Y2K than banks in the United States," Theodore said,
adding, "=85with very few exceptions, bank regulators around the
world-even in developed national banking markets-are far less assertive
and detailed than their U.S. counterparts in guiding their banks towards
Y2K compliance."

In European Union member states, the Moody's executive said that the
Euro conversion generally racks up several times the budget attributed
to Y2K efforts. Y2K compliance, he said, is often viewed as a
"necessary evil" in these countries. The Euro grabs mindshare, he
indicated, for political as well as economic reasons.

Elsewhere in the world, Theodore said the present banking crisis in
Japan is overshadowing Y2K concerns. "Many banks are currently focused
on improving their financial condition in the short term, and tend to
look at Y2K as a medium-term issue, less difficult to deal with than
their current problems. We have observed that the Y2K budgets of
several large Japanese banks are noticeably thinner than those of their
U.S. and European counterparts."

And that's the good news. "In many emerging markets, both banks and
many bank regulators are still utterly unprepared for Y2K-indeed, they
are often even unaware of the real challenges of the process," Theodore
said. Elsewhere, he indicated, language and cultural differences may
prove to be significant challenges to Y2K compliance.

While litigation risk is more an issue in the U.S., reputation risk is a
major concern for Y2K wayward banks overseas. "Important clients-both
borrowers and depositors-will choose to move their business away from
such banks," Theodore said, adding, "This inherently leads to funding,
liquidity, and franchise problems for the Y2K--deficient bank, or for
the bank being perceived as such."

Legislation Aimed at Small Business Tax Relief
Rep. Karen Thurman (D-FL) has introduced a bill to provide small
businesses with tax relief in handling Y2K hardware and software
conversion costs. HR 4134 would provide up to $20,000 in Y2K-related
expense deductions for each of the 1998 and 1999 tax years. The
deduction would be in addition to any other costs deductible under
section 179. Thurman sits on the House Ways and Means Committee
Oversight Subcommittee. In a statement, Thurman said "Congress, in its
quest to solve the Year 2000 problem for federal agencies, should not
ignore the devastating impact the Millennium Bug will have on small
businesses."

3M to Tape Y2K "Complete" on Critical Systems
With 50,000 products, 3M is a company that knows how to get things
done. They put the "Scotch" in tape, of course, but the firm also
manufactures everything from stick-on notes and adhesives to overhead
projectors and heart and lung machines. Invention rules within this
far-flung enterprise, operating in over 60 countries around the world.
Perhaps that is why the company must also be able to stick to the book
when dealing with so much diversity.

That philosophy extends to its Year 2000 project, where the company is
using a core methodology to drive its conversion work. Next week, the
results will come into focus. Over 100 of the company's most mission
critical systems (termed "fatal" and "critical") are scheduled to be Y2K
repaired, tested and returned to service.

3M is adept at working in spaces of 200 microns or less. Not surprising
then that its Year 2000 conversion may seem like the most
all-encompassing program it has ever undertaken. Just drawing the box
around the size of the problem could take even these scientists and
engineers a bit of doing. Like many companies, 3M has witnessed a
proliferation of computing platforms, languages and tools within its
information systems environment. On the business side, IBM mainframes
and AS/400 mid-range computers predominate. In the plants and
factories, Unix reigns with HP 3000 and HP 9000 computers most commonly
featured. The company has developed roughly 85 percent of its
application software internally, with languages running the gamut from
COBOL and Talon to Assembler, Ideal, RPG, Pl/1, Fortran, SAS, C, C++,
and Java. Database holdings include DB2, IMS, SQL, Datacom and more.

The Star Wars bar may have had a more homogeneous cast of characters.
So like many companies, 3M has invented a working approach to Year 2000
which emphasizes a core conversion methodology and de-centralized
implementation. Mary Cripe is the corporate Y2K project manager. She
oversees a group of 30 Y2K team members, representing major business
areas of the company. Each of these individuals is, in turn,
responsible for driving Year 2000 understanding within their respective
organizations.

In most instances, the company rolls out new software application
releases from its headquarters in St. Paul, Minnesota. These versions
are then implemented and maintained by on-site IT staff. Similarly, a
central Y2K team performs date repairs and testing, then works with IT
staff in the field to assure that corrected software performs as
intended.

Ken Tibesar oversees the squad of 25 or so technical professionals
making corrections on the manufacturing side of the house.
Information systems here cover inventory, production management, orders,
equipment maintenance, product "recipe" development and management,
quality management and management reporting. According to Tibesar, the
company quickly realized that date field expansion could gum up its
works, particularly when passing data between facilities. The problem,
he said, is synchronizing the expansion of data in files with the
programs commonly used in 3M's 50 manufacturing plants. Such a move
would have forced the company to reinstall programs based on common
program files--a coordination task he views as virtually impossible.
That's because all the work would need to be done during a down time
period. Some of the more obscure programs would no doubt be missed in
the conversion process, causing system failures.

Instead, the company opted for a pivot year approach, requiring changes
to code but leaving data files intact. According to Tibesar, windowing
dramatically reduces the number of variables that need repairs. Only
logic used for calculations and comparisons is adjusted, Tibesar says,
narrowing the scope of the remediation to 1/20th of the variables it
might cover otherwise.

Although Tibesar admits that the windowing approach is a bandage,
bandages do have their place in the corporation (3M makes bandages
too). By reducing the number of variables, Tibesar says scanning tools
can concentrate on finding "calcs and compares." He cautions that such
tools in a windowing environment should be able to achieve this level of
granularity-not simply generate a list of all possible date fields in
the code. He also allows that bandages will not cover every
contingency. For instance, because date ranges in human resources and
insurance applications often go beyond the pivot year boundaries, full
date expansion is necessary. And Mary Cripe says that some AS/400
applications are also going their own way, taking a tack that rolls back
the data in databases by 28 years.

"Due diligence" documentation is the Rosetta stone holding 3M's Y2K
efforts together. Year 2000 compliance declarations are not good
enough, Cripe says. To be checked off the 3M list, organizations must
document their decisions and the documentation itself must be signed off
by an IT rep, a business process owner and an appropriate manager.

She says the company has established an LPAR to perform Y2K testing with
clock simulation software. Next year, the company will conduct off-site
testing at a disaster recovery facility. This testing will involve
actually advancing the system clock to gauge further the impact of
software repairs. The company uses other tools to time warp data,
analyze execution paths, observe test operations, record and playback
keystrokes, and conduct file comparisons.

3M estimates it will spend $70 million to make its Y2K correction. The
good news, according to Tibesar, is that the repair process appears to
cost less than industry averages. Nor has the St. Paul site been racked
by rampant wage inflation for Y2K workers. Unknowns include the
embedded systems area, where Cripe says she is depending on engineers
who are still in the process of determining the extent of the company's
exposure; and contingency planning, which Cripe admits has taken a back
seat to the July conversion deadline.

Closer to Home

Almost one in four Americans believe that Year 2000 computer related
failures may force them to undergo lifestyle changes, according to a
recent Wirthlin Worldwide poll commissioned by the Information
Technology Association of America.

The survey finds half of those polled believe elected officials and
business leaders are not doing enough to address the Year 2000 issue.
The three top reasons cited by respondents for this are that the
computer industry will fix the situation when the time comes; that
businesses are too busy making money; and that there are too many other
problems to solve.

"That one in four Americans is now concerned about the Year 2000 is a
compelling fact. Just one year ago, a reference to the Year 2000 would
have brought blank stares or an image of Times Square at midnight.
Americans are beginning to worry and it is time for our elected
officials and business leaders to wake up," said ITAA President Harris
Miller.

Of those expecting Y2K-induced lifestyle changes, the ITAA/Wirthlin poll
indicates:

80 percent are concerned that their financial records may be distorted
72 percent believe there will be business losses
68 percent anticipate possible telephone disruptions
64 percent fear power outages
56 percent worry that they may lose their jobs
42 percent foresee shortages of products or merchandise

Poll data also suggests that those individuals with the most to lose as
the result of Year 2000 failures appear to be the least interested. For
instance, those individuals earning over $60,000 per year seem far less
concerned about the issue than those earning under $15,000. Eighteen
percent of those in the highest wage category indicated concerns about
lifestyle changes as compared to 34 percent in the lowest wage
category. Those with a college education were similarly less likely to
be concerned about the personal impacts of the computer date glitch.
Similarly, 90 percent of the Y2K concerned group with some high school
education fear business losses as compared to 52 percent of those with
post graduate degrees; 73 percent of the former group expressed concerns
about job losses versus 40 percent of the latter group.

Better educated Americans also appear to be more satisfied that those in
charge are taking the necessary steps to correct the problem. Fifty-two
percent of those with postgraduate degrees and 48 percent of those with
college degrees indicated enough is being done; only 20 percent of those
with some high school agree.

These results are drawn from the Wirthlin National Quorum. The Quorum
is a telephone survey based on a representative random sample consisting
of 1000 adults residing within the continental U.S.

ITAA's Year 2000 Outlook is published every Friday to help all
organizations deal more effectively with the Year 2000 software
conversion. To receive a subscription to this free publication, please
sign up on the web at https://www.itaa.org/transact/2koutlooksub.htm.

ITAA's Year 2000 Outlook is sponsored in part by CACI International
Inc., DMR Consulting Group Inc., and Y2Kplus
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Press Service wrote:
Some Critical DoD Systems Won't Make Y2K Deadlines
By Jim Garamone

American Forces Press Service

WASHINGTON -- Some mission-critical DoD systems will not be Year
2000 compliant by an internal department deadline of December 1998 or
the Office of Management and Budget's March 1999 target.

Deputy Defense Secretary John Hamre and William A. Curtis,
director of DoD Y2K oversight and contingency planning in the Office of
the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Command, Control, Communications
and Intelligence, recently released the following list of those tardy
systems and their target compliance dates:

Army Sea-Lite Beam Detector -- June 30, 1999
Standard Army Maintenance System - 1 -- Sept. 30, 1999
Standard Army Maintenance System - 2 -- Sept. 30, 1999
Army HELSTF Executive Controller -- Oct. 30, 1999
Army AN/TYQ-33, Tactical Combat Service Support Computer System-
Enhanced -- Dec. 31, 1999
Army Standard Installation/Division Personnel System -- no date
Defense Communications and Army Switch Systems -- Nov. 1, 1999
Naval Space Command Mission Processing System -- April 30, 1999
Integrated Satellite Control System -- May 31, 1999
NESP EHF Low Data Rate Terminal -- August 1999
Integrated Verdin Transmit Terminal -- May 1999
Integrated Submarine Automated Broadcast Processing System -- May 1999
Non-tactical Command Support System/Shipboard Non-tactical Automated
Data Processing Program I and II -- August 1999
Joint Maritime Command Information System Ashore -- September 1999
Joint Maritime Command Information System Afloat -- September 1999
Joint Maritime Command Information System Tac/Mobile -- September 1999
Joint Maritime Command Information System OBU/OED -- September 1999
Joint Maritime Command Information System Radiant Mercury -- September
1999
Inactive Manpower and Personnel Management Information System --October
1999
Tomahawk Mission Planning -- March 1999
Tomahawk Afloat Planning System -- May 1999
Joint Services Imagery Processing System -- Navy -- May 1999
Naval Communication Processing and Routing System -- September 1999
Common Source Routing File System -- September 1999
Very Long Baseline Interferometry Mark III Correlator -- July 1999
Execution and Prioritization of Repairs Support System -- May 5, 1999
AC-130U Gunship Avionics -- May 31, 1999
Defense Attache Worldwide Network -- December 1999
Defense Switched Network -- September 1999
Defense Fuels Automated Management System -- June 1999
NIMA Exploitation System -- August 1999
Automated Patient Evaluation System -- May 1, 1999
Defense Medical Regulating Information System -- May 1, 1999
Compliance Monitoring and Tracking System -- April 1999.
<!-- fedcast -->
##end##
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
F.Y.I. - Israel in the News
Week Ending: June 27, 1998/3 Tammuz 5758
=====================================================
"And it will come about in that day that I will make Jerusalem a heavy
stone for all the peoples; all who lift it will be severely injured. And
all the nations of the earth will be gathered against it." Zechariah
12.3
=====================================================
JERUSALEM PLAN IS APPROVED BY CABINET: After five hours of debate
Sunday, the Israeli government approved the Jerusalem plan that was
submitted the previous week. The plan will expand Jerusalem's boundaries
westward into Israel and also create an umbrella municipality with
administrative powers over nearby towns in Israel and some Jewish
settlements in the West Bank. The plan calls for Jerusalem to become a
regional capital, and for the annexation of several of the communities
to its north and west. The army will be consulted regarding the joining
of Ma'aleh Adumim (east of the capital) and Givat Ze'ev (to the north)
under the new municipal framework. Present-day Yesha (Judea, Samaria and
Gaza) communities such as Adam and Givon will be incorporated as well
under the new framework, and construction of new housing there will
increase. Housing benefits and financial benefits to high-tech
industries will be granted, mass-transit systems will be established,
and 140,000 new housing units will be built within the next twenty
years. Prime
Minister Binyamin Netanyahu dismissed criticism of the plan as
"ridiculous", saying it was aimed at improving municipal services and
was completely in line with the Oslo accords.

Most shops and businesses were shut down across the Arab sector of
Jerusalem on Saturday to protest Israeli plans to expand the city's
boundaries to maintain a Jewish majority. A leaflet distributed during
the week called on Palestinians to observe a general strike "to respond
to the Israeli conspiracy'" and mark the anniversary of the 1967
annexation of east Jerusalem. The leaflet was signed by the major
Palestinian political parties and organizations in east Jerusalem,
including Yasser Arafat's Fatah movement.
(<IARUTZ SHEVA, ICEJ, AP)

UN SECURITY COUNCIL TO DEBATE JERUSALEM STATUS: The UN Security Council
decided Friday to meet next week to hear Arab demands that Israel
reverse its decision regarding expansion of Jerusalem (see preceding
story). The meeting was requested by the PLO earlier this week,
supported by the 22-member Arab League. Council President Antonio
Monteiro of Portugal said the meeting would be held Tuesday at the
request of Arab envoys to the United Nations. UN Secretary-General Kofi
Annan condemned the Israeli plan as going against existing UN
resolutions. He said the UN had not recognized Israel's existing
jurisdiction over Jerusalem. (Ed. note: In fact, the UN has declared
that Jerusalem is an "international regime" to be administered by the UN
Trusteeship Council. For further information regarding this, see the UN
resolution at:
http://www.un.org/Depts/dpa/qpal/A_RES_303.htm and others at:
http://www.un.org/Depts/dpa/qpal/p_jruslm.htm) The US had sought to
delay the meeting until next month. As a permanent council member, the
US could veto any resolution condemning Israel. But having to resort to
the veto is considered a diplomatic setback because it shows that the
permanent member is unable to muster majority support. (AP)

PA THREATENS VIOLENCE: The Palestinian Authority (PA/PLO) leadership
convened in Ram'Allah Thursday night for deliberations on Israel's
Jerusalem plan. In a statement released at the meeting's conclusion, the
following condemnation and threat was made: "There will never be peace
without Jerusalem, and the Palestinians will not sit with folded arms in
face of Israel's actions." (ARUTZ SHEVA)

PLO SEEKS TO UPGRADE ITS UN STATUS: The PLO had recently pushed an
initiative to upgrade its status at the United Nations from observer to
quasi-member state. On November 22, 1974, the UN General Assembly
granted the PLO "observer status". A few days earlier, the General
Assembly had recognized the PLO as "the sole legitimate representative
of the Palestinian people". However, the move has been postponed as a
result of a telephone conversation between US
Secretary of State Albright and PA/PLO Chairman Arafat, Israel Radio,
KOL YISRAEL, reported. Sources in Jerusalem claim that the US opposes
the PLO initiative and is trying to convince the European Union (EU) not
to support it. The Palestinians had asked for the postponement to give
it time to persuade the EU to support their resolution.

Meanwhile, Israel would retaliate against a UN decision to upgrade the
status of the PLO by cutting back on cooperation with UN bodies
interested in becoming more involved in the Middle East, a senior
Foreign Ministry official warned Wednesday. Such a move would not only
have symbolic consequences, but tangible ones, since the Palestinians
would
be able to draft resolutions and participate in all debates on the
Middle East. Yitzhak Lior, the Foreign Ministry's deputy
director-general for international organizations, noted that since
Israel has been boxed out of regional groupings at the UN, it can never
dream of full representation on the Security Council or other
prestigious UN bodies. An enhanced status
for the Palestinian delegation could paradoxically give "Palestine"
(which is not a nation-ed) more clout at the UN than Israel, he said.
(ISRAEL LINE, UN, JERUSALEM POST)

REFERENDUM NOT POPULAR WITH KNESSET: PM Netanyahu apparently does not
have a Knesset majority in favor of a referendum on the question of the
second withdrawal. By Wednesday night, however, the number of coalition
MKs, including many in the Likud, who oppose the referendum was
estimated at 48, while only 15 were in favor or had not yet decided. By
some accounts, a referendum would delay a withdrawal for at least two
months because parliament would have to pass special legislation first.

However, the JERUSALEM POST reports that Netanyahu has lost interest in
holding a referendum on a withdrawal and instead favors holding another
international peace conference on the Middle East, sources said
Saturday. A source in the Prime Minister's Office said Netanyahu would
like to see more talks held along the lines of the 1991 Madrid
conference dealing with regional - not bilateral - issues. The proposal
to convene a conference that would deal with regional issues, such as
water and the environment, is one Netanyahu has supported recently
during visits both to England and the US. (ARUTZ SHEVA, JERUSALEM POST,
MED)

SIGNING CALLED OFF AT LAST MINUTE: According to ARUTZ SHEVA
correspondent Haggai Huberman, PM Netanyahu was to have departed for
Washington at the end of last week to sign the second-withdrawal
agreement, but canceled his plans at the last minute. The signing was
called off when Arafat reneged on his agreement to convene the
Palestinian National Council for the purpose of changing the PLO charter
calling for Israel's destruction. (ARUTZ SHEVA)

ARAFAT FIRES HIS CABINET: Arafat has sacked his cabinet and announced he
will be forming a new one within two weeks.
The move comes following a report on widespread corruption in Arafat's
Palestinian administration, forestalling a vote of no confidence
threatened by the Palestinian Legislative Committee. They are also angry
that Arafat has not yet ratified a constitution and basic law for the
fledgling autonomy. Recently it was reported that Feisal Husseini,
currently minister for Jerusalem affairs, may become a high-profile
casualty in order to placate critics. Husseini has reportedly taken to
demanding aid in the form of cars and furniture, after being compelled
to hand over aid checks to Arafat. Many Palestinians are also frustrated
at the influence of "the Tunisians" -- old PLO cronies of Arafat from
his time in exile -- and
want to see officials chosen for their expertise and managerial ability.

In a related story, Hamas leader Sheikh Ahmed Yassin, returning from a
four-month Middle East tour in which he raised more than $50 million,
Thursday rejected an offer for his movement to join the PA/PLO and
pledged to continue what he termed the "holy war" against Israel. But
Yassin said he'd agree to a cease-fire with Israel if it withdrew from
all lands it captured in the 1967
war "and there won't be a trace of the occupation, not a settlement or
anything". "The state of Israel will no longer exist in 30 or 40 years,"
he added. Hamas, Yassin said, would boycott the PA until Arafat
renounces the Oslo agreements and renew the "armed struggle". Still,
Yassin said, Hamas wants to continue its dialogue with the PA. (MED,
JERUSALEM POST)

PM MET WITH TWO PLC MEMBERS: PM Netanyahu secretly met with two senior
PA/PLO legislators and discussed final-status solutions for the
territories, the JERUSALEM POST has learned. The meeting took place on
Monday night in Ramat Aviv and involved Netanyahu, Marwan Barghouti, a
PLC member and the head of Fatah in Yesha, PLC member Hussam Khader from
Shechem, and the MK who arranged the meeting. Much of the 45-minute
discussion was taken up by the issue of final status. Sources said
Netanyahu and the Palestinian legislators agreed to hold more meetings.
The prime minister also empowered an envoy to represent him at future
meetings. (JERUSALEM POST)

EXCHANGE TAKES PLACE IN THE NORTH: Nine months after he was killed
during an abortive Israel naval commando raid in southern Lebanon, the
body of 21-year-old Itamar Ilya was returned to Israel and his family
Thursday. In exchange, Israel exhumed and sent back to Lebanon the
bodies of 40 Hizb'Allah and Amal militiamen killed in clashes with
Israel. They included that of the son of Hizb'Allah leader Sheikh Hassan
Nasrallah. In another part of the negotiated deal, 60 Lebanese Shi'ite
prisoners were released Friday and returned to Lebanon. Israel's Defense
Ministry asserted in a statement that none of the prisoners to be freed
today "have blood on their hands". It is noteworthy how high a price
Israel has been prepared to pay for the return of its soldiers or their
bodies. The last such large-scale exchange, in July 1996, saw Israel
return 45 Hizb'Allah prisoners and the bodies of 123 militiamen in
exchange for the remains of two Israeli soldiers killed 10 years ago.

Meanwhile, the day before the exchange was to take place, two Israel
Defense Force (IDF) soldiers were killed and four others were wounded
when an IDF force on its way to carry out an operation went over two
explosive devices near the village of Talusa in the central sector of
the Security Zone in southern Lebanon. Hizb'Allah claimed responsibility
for the terrorist attack. (ICEJ, IDF SPOKESMAN)

LEBANON BLAMES ISRAEL FOR ATTACKS: Lebanon pointed the finger of blame
at Israel Monday following a grenade explosion near the US embassy here
and a car bomb attack which left two people dead last week. "Our
suspicions are only directed at Israel," Interior Minister Michel Murr
told state television, adding that investigations were still underway.

Murr was the latest Lebanese official to blame the Jewish state
following Sunday's explosion near the embassy. In the first official
reaction to the incident late Sunday, Lebanese Foreign Minister Fares
Bweiz suggested Israel was trying to destabilize the country.
(AFP)

TORAH JOY AT RACHEL'S TOMB: A new Torah scroll was brought to Rachel's
Tomb in Beit Lechem (Bethlehem) Thursday afternoon. A festive ceremony
was held, organized and sponsored by the Rachel's Children Reclamation
Foundation, with the participation of prominent guests of honor. Gilo
Chief Rabbi Schlesinger, Rabbi Yehoshua Magnes, Rabbanit Tzvia Goren -
widow of former Chief Rabbi Shlomo Goren - and Rabbi Benjy Levine were
honored at the ceremony, and many other prominent rabbis and leading
Jewish figures were in attendance. (ARUTZ SHEVA)

HOLOCAUST FUND NEGOTIATIONS FAIL: The negotiations for an overall
settlement of the Holocaust victims deposits affair between the Jewish
organizations and the Swiss banks have collapsed. In a meeting in
Washington on Tuesday headed by US Under Secretary of State Stuart
Eizenstat, agreement was not reached on any of the main points of
controversy, and at the end of the meeting, another date was not set.
The banks' lawyers, representing them in the class-action suit filed
against the banks in the US, repeated their offer from last week's offer
of $600 million.

However, the Nazis looted between $9 billion and $14 billion in Jewish
assets in the 20 countries they occupied during World War II, REUTERS
reported, citing a study by the World Jewish Congress to be released
this week. The report, prepared by economist Sidney Jay Zabludoff, said
the assets would be worth between $90 billion and $140 billion at
today's prices. Personal monetary holdings and investments accounted for
about 40% to 50% of each country's Jewish assets. Residential real
estate accounted for about 25% and business assets about 15%, according
to REUTERS. Meanwhile, Norway's cabinet on Friday approved a draft law
to pay 450 million crowns ($58 million) to Jewish survivors, their
descendants and Jewish organizations. In New Jersey, meanwhile, a state
Senate panel Monday is expected to approve a measure to divest holdings
in Swiss banks. The bill, which has been passed by the state assembly,
would require state pension funds to withdraw deposits and investments
from Swiss banks and to sell 280,000 shares in Union Bank of
Switzerland. New Jersey's vote is expected only days before state and
local finance officials are to meet in New York to consider sanctions
against the banks, in an effort to compel the banks to reach a
settlement with survivors and Jewish organizations over charges that the
banks hoarded war-era Jewish assets. (GLOBES, JERUSALEM POST)

ARUTZ SHEVA SOLUTION SOUGHT: The ministerial committee charged with
finding a solution for ARUTZ SHEVA is inclined towards allowing the
station to broadcast nation-wide. Two of the three ministers on the
committee -- Rabbi Yitzchak Levy and Limor Livnat -- are in favor of
having ARUTZ SHEVA operate under the supervision of a public board
comprised of representatives from the Second Radio and Television
Authority and the Yesha Council. Minister Yitzchak Mordechai, however,
objects to the idea, and backs Attorney-General Rubenstein's proposal to
grant a regional radio license to a Yesha station. ARUTZ SHEVA Technical
Manager Yoel Tzur, appearing on ISRAEL TV Wednesday night, stated, "Abie
Nathan's VOICE OF PEACE conducted broadcasts from sea for 22 years. As
long as we were anchored next to his ship, the State Attorney's Office
never questioned us. When Nathan discontinued his broadcasts
approximately four years ago, the State Attorney's Office went after
us." (ARUTZ SHEVA)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ FYI - Israel In
The News "For Zion's sake will I not hold my peace, and for Jerusalem's
sake I will not rest" Isaiah 62:1
'F.Y.I.' may be reproduced & distributed in any form. Please give proper
credit. Send comments to Lee Underwood at: fyi@tzemach.org (Do not send
subscription requests here) Web site: http://www.tzemach.org/fyi To
subscribe/unsubscribe, send request to: fyi-list-request@tzemach.org For
subscriptions, in the subject area, enter: subscribe (Do not enter
anything else) To unsubscribe, in the subject area, enter: unsubscribe
(Do not enter anything else)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Proverbs 31:4&5
By Terry Denbow
BibleBabe@eee.org
"It is not for kings, O Lemuel, it is not for kings to drink wine, or
for rulers to desire strong drink, lest they drink and forget what is
decreed, and pervert the rights of all the afflicted."

A person who is in power cannot make wise decisions, when under the
influence of something that alters reality. He minimizes that which is
important and doesn't think of those who are hurting. His focus is gone
and his direction is misplaced because he has forgotten the vows made to
care for the hurting.

Jesus only desired the will of the Father. He never forgot why He was
here. He came to set the captives free and heal the brokenhearted. He
never let His fame distract Him from His purpose...to be a servant...to
be the Savior. He never let His hatred of sin and wickness influence
His compassion for others. He never became prideful or arrogant because
of His power but kept His heart pure to love and be humble.

Cleanse my heart O Lord from any desire but You. May my heart cling to
the Rock, cleave to Your love, adhere to Your voice. May I never forget
that I am Your servant who has promised to obey you and hear the cry of
the afficted and hurting. Strengthen the work of my hands to accomplish
Your will, Your way Jesus. Amen


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----



PropheZine #60
Thursday, July 02, 1998
Bob Lally Publisher
Mimi Nila Senior Editor
Rick Woodcock Asst. Editor

Mimi Nila..........................Brief Message

ARTICLES
Ellen Craswell......The Biblical Basis for Christians in Politics and
Government
Berit Kjos..................... Touched By An Angel - But Which Kind?.
R. g. Wallace...................WHEN ARMIES MOVE (PART 2)
A Dissertation on Armageddon from the Pre-wrath Perspective
Barry Chamish..................Why Rabin Was Murdered
Ken Onweller.................The Seven Letters To The Churches
Don D. Srail ...................Know Where The Last Jihad Takes Place
E. Lee Audirsch..................."The Room"

PROPHEZINE NEWSBYTES
Joseph Farah.........................Panic In The Year Zero Part 4
Family Research Council..........Zero Tolerance For Guns, Drugs And Prayer?
ReligionToday.com...............Arrests shut down the church in Saudi Arabia
David M. Bresnahan.......................National ID card on fast track
Bob Cohen - Editor...................ITAA's Year 2000 Outlook
Jim Garamone..................Some Critical DoD Systems Won't Make Y2K
Deadlines

Lee Underwood ..............................F.Y.I. - Israel in the News

Terry Denbow ............................Proverbs 31:4&5
*************************************
Hello to everyone,

Greetings and blessings to you on the July 4th holiday. I apologize that
this newsletter is late. The enemy is working overtime in this country to
destroy what was built upon Gods word. Please keep your fellow brothers and
sisters in Christ in prayer. Christian persecution worldwide is greater
than at any other time in history. I pray that this newsletter will
enlighten you to current events and bring you ever closer to knowing that
our only hope is in Jesus Christ our Lord.

May He Bless you and keep you,
In His Service,
Mimi Nila
Mnila@ibm.net
************************************
The Biblical Basis for Christians in Politics and Government
by Ellen Craswell

As our campaign for Governor grows, many people are interested in the

