Prophe-Zine # 27
Oct. 1, 1996

Chris Jewett . . . . . . . . . .Welcome and Other Interesting Stuff
Gary Stearman . . . . . . . . .Back to the Tower of Babel?
Chuck Missler . . . . . . . . . The Fall Feasts
Patti LaLonde . . . . . . . . . .A Profile of the Antichrist
Gordie Tong . . . . . . . . . . . .Premises of the New Age World View
Lambert Dolphin . . . . . . . .Moving Towards a Third Temple
Nancy Missler . . . . . . . . . . Ye Are the Temple of God

Prophe-Zine News Bites

	Rob Smith....Fall Prophecy Conference
	Lee Underwood....F.Y.I. - Israel in the News
	Lori Eldridge....Hal Lindsey Prophecy Conference
	Chris Jewett.... Lexis-Nexis Data Base
	Chris Jewett ....Smart Card and Smart Crooks
	Grover B. Proctor, Jr....WATCH: JERUSALEM
	SCIENTOLOGIST STREET TALK
	Chris Jewett.... Zyuganov Calls For Yeltsin's Resignation
	PZ Site wins award

*********************

Hey Gang!

Here it is ... Prophe-zine 27! Assembled in Florida, routed to California
and zorched out into the Net. This is my first shot at this, so have mercy,
ok?....

Wow! What a coupla weeks, huh? Lotsa interesting stuff in the news. We came
through the Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur days in Israel, then saw riots
break out as the Israelis opened a small tunnel from the Via Delarosa to an
already existing tunnel near the Western Wall. This is the Herodian Western
Wall and was used as retaining wall to support Herod's building efforts to
extend the Temple Mount. The tunnels under the Temple Mount have long been
a bone of contention to the Muslims in Jerusalem. These ones were opened
for small tourist groups. The tunnels traverse the area of the Western Wall
and onto the area of the Antonio Fortress. The interesting thing is that
the Muslims say that it violates one of their ancient holy places. They
must be referring to the Dome and its surrounding buildings on the surface,
because I think it's been fairly well proven through historical documents
that there is nothing held holy in Jerusalem by the Muslims until they
decided to make it an issue a thousand years ago. An object of prophecy
past and future, I have included an couple of interesting Temple articles
in this issue. Also, you'll find an article concerning the Fall Feasts.
Welcome to Prophe-Zine first time contributors Lambert Dolphin and Chuck
and Nancy Missler.

And, how 'bout Yeltsin? Looks like, as Hal Lindsey reported on his 24
September TV show, that "there is a virtual death watch for Boris Yeltsin."
Yeltsin's health is so poor that his major heart surgery will have to wait.
The Presidential prospects of Russia now have time to jockey for positions.
"The war in Chechnya will be a major issue....and will require Muslim
support to end the war...a Russian/Muslim alliance is an almost certainty
in the days ahead," Hal stated. To the prophecy student this is validation
of what we already know. I liked Hal's closing statement..."Stay tuned for
this one!" We most certainly will!

When I first started to get interested in prophecy, I really went into
overdrive. I mean everything was prophecy, prophecy, prophecy. There is
nothing wrong with being a student of Prophecy. We need to know what the
Bible says about Future Events and what the Lord says we should do in those
days. As Jesus said (Mt 24:36-38) - "But of that day and hour no one knows,
not even the angels of heaven, nor the Son, but the Father alone. For the
coming of the Son of Man will be like the days of Noah. For in those days
which were before the flood they were eating and drinking, they were
marrying and giving in marriage, until the day that Noah entered the ark."

We need to be well rounded in our teaching. Prophecy is part of our
Christian make up and spiritual diet. We shouldn't disregard it, but like
the best part of a well balanced meal (dessert, yes!), we need to have some
meat, veggies and starch too, so that as we see the day drawing near, our
own witness and testimony will stand strong and be used of God to lead
others to Him. As you look forward to the day of our departure from this
place, do you look forward to departingwith (or without) your best
friend?...spouse, parents or children? That's what it is all about! It is
said that there is a lake of tears in heaven. Where did the tears come
from? Chuck Missler makes the conjecture, and who am I to disagree...it
makes sense..., that those tears may just be a result of lost
opportunities. Lost opportunities... I know I lost a lot of opportunities
when I concentrated on only one aspect of scripture.

A subordinate of mine was preparing to leave on vacation with her husband
and daughter to Disney World. As they announced this to me, I sensed they
were waiting for me to react in some way. The inquisitive look was enough
to get them to explain. It seems that when some folks at church had heard
they were going to Disney World, their reaction was "Oooo don't you know?
Disney supports the gays and their films have subliminal messages.
Christians are boycotting the place!" I didn't advise them to go or not go,
I didn't believe that my place, but I did ask them if they were surprised
at this new revelation of America's family fun place...the Magic Kingdom?
Yes, in a way they were surprised. They thought Disney Land...oops Disney
World...that's my California roots coming through (we live in Florida
now)...that Disney would be, well, ok. I gave them the advice one of my
pastor's once gave me..."they shouldn't be." They shouldn't be surprised at
what goes on in this world. The world thinks differently than the
Christian. Sure, they were marrying and giving in marriage in the days of
Noah, but there was a lot of other weird, bizarre and spooky stuff going on
then too...and it's gonna be just like THAT! So, don't be surprised.

ENJOY!
Maranatha and Agape,

Chris Jewett
Asst Editor
dsyple@ix.netcom.com

***********************

BACK TO THE TOWER OF BABEL?
Another - Perhaps Surprising -
Sign That We're Nearing the End of This Age.

by Gary Stearman


A June 3 AP report, datelined Ukrumpa, Papua New Guinea, states that most
of New Guinea's 1,300 languages are in danger of disappearing. The article
quoted linguists at the missionary outpost of Ukrumpa in Papua, New
Guinea's central highlands.

One missoinary linguist, Bill Staley, said, "To some extent, almost every
language in the country is endangered."

A co-worker, Daryl Pfantz, added, "You'll find people living on hills in
grassy swamp areas and each hill has a different language, maybe 200 people
each."

Staley and Pfantz work under the Christian outreach of the Linguistics.
These missionaries usually spend 15 to 20 years in a village. As they learn
an obscure language, they develop an alphabet and use it to translate the
New Testament. If time and funds permit, they translate the Old Testament
as well. Their work has resulted in untold numbers of new believers in the
Lord Jesus Christ.

In their recent observations, we see perhaps the ultimate expression of the
human tendency to partition itself into tight cultural groups, each with
their own unique mode of communication. Linguists, like the two quoted
above, tell us that the myriad of languages will soon disappear, to be
replaced by perhaps two or three "world languages."

Among these, English would certainly be the top contender for prominence.
It has become the international language of law, finance and commerce.
Through the sheer weight of numbers in the Orient, Chinese in several
dialects would come second. These would perhaps be followed by French or
German.

Perhaps this new development is an important sign of our time. To begin
with, we would note that the long human history of language groups has a
discrete starting point.

The biblical account of the Tower of Babel is certainly one of the most
amazing. Its account comes in Genesis 11, immediately following the Noahic
Covenant and the genealogies of Noah's descendants. It seems logical that
if the earth's population all came from the household of Noah, then of
course, they would speak the same language. And that's just what the Bible
says:

"And the whole earth was of one language, and of one speech. And it came to
pass, as they journeyed from the east, that they found a plain in the land
of Shinar; and they dwelt there. And they said one to another, Go to, let
us make brick, and burn them thoroughly. And they had brick for stone, and
slime had they for mortar. And they said, Go to, let us build us a city and
a tower, whose top may reach unto heaven; and let us make us a name, lest
we be scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth." (Genesis 11:1-4).


A short time before, the family of Noah had become the world's foremost
family. They had banded together, no doubt for safety and security.
However, the first official recorded act of Noah's descendants was quite
telling. Collectively garnering all their resources and strength, they
engaged in the very religious activity of reaching heaven. But they didn't
do it in accordance with God's will, through the system of obedience and
animal sacrifice first seen in the story of Cain and Abel.

The Lord immediately descended in a curious fashion:

"And the Lord came down to see the city and the tower, which the children
of men builded. And the Lord said, Behold, the people is one, and they have
all one language; and this they begin to do; and now nothing will be
restrained from them, which they have imagined to do. Go to, let us go
down, and there confound their language, that they may not understand one
another's speech. So the Lord scattered them abroad from thence upon the
face of all the earth: and they left off to build the city. Therefore is
the name of it called Babel; because the Lord did there confound the
language of all the earth: and from thence did the Lord scatter them abroad
upon the face of all the earth." (Genesis 11:5-9).

There is much unsaid in this passage. Apparently, these travelers from
across the flood were in possession of certain knowledge that the Lord
didn't want to be proliferated. Apparently, it was so profound and of such
an esoteric nature that it contained real power. There is the indication
that God deduced their ability to make contact with some sort of concealed
heavenly knowledge.

So He "confounded" their efforts, apparently by spreading conflicting
linguistic tendencies among them. As a result, humanity was compelled to
flee to the uttermost parts of the earth. Their migrations established a
myriad of communities, ranging from tiny and primitive, to large and well
organized, each with its own language or dialect.

At the ancient tower of Babel, God confounded man's ability to communicate.
The multitude of languages developed out of Babel are presently narrowing
down to two or three major languages. Mankind appears to be trying to
reverse Babel.

Babel became Babylon, the model of the world system. The human traits found
there continued unabated across the centuries, until the closing years of
this century. Now, the multi-cultural division of the earth seems to be
entering into a mode of rapid reversal. A "one-world" spirit is spreading
like wildfire across the planet.

When did the event at Babel take place? To answer this question, we looked
at the dating scheme adopted by E. W. Bullinger in his Companion Bible. He
dates the flood at 2347 B.C., and the call of Abraham 400 years later, at
1947 B.C. Furthermore, he dates the birth of Peleg at 2247 B.C., a hundred
years post-flood.

Counting backward from A.D. 1996, this would perhaps place the event at the
Tower of Babel approximately in the interval between 4,243 and 3,943 years
ago, So, around 4,000 years ago, the great outward migrations from Babel
began. Thus, the millennium initiated by God's promise to Abraham began
shortly after the dispersion of humanity from the evil tower.

If this is true, we find a perfect symmetry of timing. Two thousand years
before Christ, man's religious efforts were denied, and under God's direct
intervention, his language was multiplied into a babble of contradictory
tongues. In an outward rush toward diversity, mankind degenerated into a
powerless conglomeration of cultures. For centuries, there was a minimum of
communication between divergent societies. Only within the last century,
they have begun to communicate in more and more effective ways.

Nearly two thousand years after Christ, the innumerable proliferation of
languages has rapidly begun to shrink toward two, perhaps three "world
languages." At long last, the unified global society prophesied for the
latter days has begun to unfold.

Thus, the four thousand years between Abraham's call and the millennial
reign of Christ are years in which the promise of redemption given to the
seed of Abraham will be allowed to come to a complete conclusion.

Within this period, we find the Egyptian bondage and Exodus, the giving of
the Law to Moses, the rise and fall of Israel and Judah and the coming of
the Messiah. But it was God's covenant with Abraham that marked the real
beginning of the process. That promise set the course:

"Therefore it is of faith, that it might be by grace; to the end the
promise might be sure to all the seed; not to that only which is of the
law, but to that also which is of the faith of Abraham; who is the father
of us all." (Romans 4:16).

To the Romans, Paul wrote that the promised seed of redemption is
fundamental, not to the Hebrews only, but to the Gentiles as well.
Furthermore, the seed speaks of redemption through Christ:

"Now to Abraham and his seed were the promises made. He saith not, And to
seeds, as of many; but as of one, And to thy seed, which is Christ"
(Galatians 3:16).

About four thousand years ago, the event at Babel prevented man's
conspiracy to reach heaven in his own strength. However, over the
centuries, mystery Babylon has continued to grow. Because of the failure of
the many human cultures to cooperate, it has never been able to reach its
full, depraved potential for action.

Now, in the latter days, linguistic barriers are dropping. Instant
satellite communication, computer-driven instant translation and common
marketing language has enabled men to conspire more effectively than at any
time since Babel. One-world government is distinctly possible. Slumbering
Mystery Babylon is going public at a phenomenal rate. Once again, men will
try to build that tower.

At the United Nations, the language spoken on the speaker's platform is
translated into the languages of all nations. Any representative can put on
a set of earphones and dial up the speech translation live in his own
language.

August, 1996 Questions or Comments: e-mailto: jerryc@icon.net Visit the
Prophecy in the News Website...http://www.upbeat.com/prophecy

******************

THE FALL FEASTS
by Chuck Missler

(From the the September 1994 Personal Update, the Newsletter of Koinonia House)

The Fall Feasts of Israel take place during the first 15 days of Tishri on
the Jewish calendar. This year, they all occur in the month of September.

Everything in the Torah (or the Pentateuch--the Five Books of Moses) has a
prophetic as well as historical significance and merits our careful
attention. Jesus indicated this in Matthew 5:17 - "Think not that I am come
to destroy the law (the Torah), or the prophets: I am not come to destroy,
but to fulfil.

Paul also emphasized it in Romans 15:4, "For whatsoever things were written
aforetime were written for our learning..." The prophetic role of the
feasts is also highlighted in Colossians 2:16-17 - "Let no man therefore
judge you in meat, or in drink, or in respect of a holyday, or of the new
moon, or of the sabbath days which are a shadow of things to come.

The New Testament is in the Old Testament concealed; the Old Testament is
in the New Testament revealed.

The 1st of Tishri: Sept. 14

The first of Tishri is Rosh Hashana ("The Head of the Year" or the Jewish
New Year). This day begins Israel's "civil" year (celebrated for two days;
the second day was added by the rabbis around 500 BC).

However, when God instructed Moses to institute Passover, He also
instructed him to make Nisan, the seventh month, "the beginning of
months."' Thus, the Jews also celebrate their religious new year, beginning
at Nisan, in the spring.

It's interesting to notice that God established His "new beginning" of
Planet Earth after the flood of Noah on the 17th day of the seventh month 3
which was Nisan. Jesus was crucified on Passover (the 14th of Nisan) and
then spent three days in the grave, to be resurrected on the 17th. Thus,
God began our "new beginning" in Christ on the anniversary of the "new
beginning" under Noah--some "coincidence!"

The first of Tishri is also known as Yom Teruah, the Feast of Trumpets.
After a series of trumpet blasts, the climax of the celebration is the
Teki'ah Gedolah, "the Great Blowing," which some associate with Paul's
"last trump."

If, indeed, Jesus was born on the 29th of September, 2 BC, as some reckon,
He would have been born on the Feast of trumpets of that year. (For further
insights, see our briefing package, The Christmas Story--What Really
Happened)

Yomim Noraim, the seven "Days of Affliction" begin here and continue to Yom
Yippur (see below).

The 3rd of Tishri: Sept. 16

The Fast of Gedaliah occurs on the third of Tishri. While this is not a
"Feast of Moses," it is observed by many Jews in memory of the slaying of
Gedaliah, appointed by the Babylonians as governor of Judah after the
capture of Jerusalem in 586 BC.

The 10th of Tishri: Sept. 23

The tenth of Tishri is Yom Kippur, The Day of Atonement, the most solemn of
all of the observances in Israel.

This is the only occasion in which the High Priest--he alone, and then
after elaborate ceremonial preparations--entered the Holy of Holies to
sprinkle the blood of the sacrifices on the "Mercy Seat" of the Ark of the
Covenant.

The offering of the Sin-bearer also took place on Yom Kippur. This was the
day that two goats were selected, one for an offering and one as the
"scapegoat." As many aspects of the feasts were prophetic, the scapegoat
(as a symbol of grace) is also Messianic.

(The lottery box, used to select which goat was to serve in which capacity,
has been already been fashioned for service in the forthcoming Temple, and
may be seen during a visit to the Temple Institute in Jerusalem today.)

This was also when the Water of Purification was prepared, using the Ashes
of the Red Heifer. This background is essential if one is to really
understand the significance of the water that Jesus turned into wine at
Cana.

Since the loss of the Temple in 70 AD, the God-centered observances of the
Torah have been tragically replaced by a man-centered, "good works" system
of appeasement through prayer, charity, and penitence. But it appears that
a return to the traditional ways is on the horizon with the preparations to
rebuild the Temple in Jerusalem.

The 15th of Tishri: Sept. 28

Succoth, The Feast of Tabernacles (or Booths), begins on the 15th of
Tishri. This lasts for eight days and is one of the three feasts which were
compulsory for all Jewish males.

It's fascinating to visit Israel at this time and observe them as they
build their temporary "booths" in the traditional way, leaving deliberate
gaps in the branches to view the stars at night and for the wind to blow
through during the day. This is intended to remind them of the wilderness
wanderings. After living in temporary "booths" for a week, they leave their
temporary dwellings and return to their permanent homes.

(This is one of the reasons some suspect that this feast, rather than the
Feast of Trumpets, is suggestive of the Rapture of the Church. There also
appears to be a hint of this by Peter, desiring to build "succoths" at the
transfiguration.)

This day, traditionally, is also the day on which Solomon dedicated the
first Temple.

This feast also involved a daily processional to the Pool of Siloam to
fetch water for the Temple. This ceremonial procession is the setting for
the events of John 7, where Jesus offers them "living water."

This Procession involved four types of branches: the willow, the myrtle,
the palm, and a citrus.

The willow has no smell and no fruit; the myrtle has smell, but no fruit;
the palm has no smell, but bears fruit; and, the citrus has both smell and
bears fruit. Sounds reminiscent of the four soils in the first "kingdom
parable" of Mattfiew 13, doesn't it?

The prophetic implications of this climactic feast are many. Most scholars
associate it with the establishment of the Millennial Kingdom in Israel.

While the first three feasts -- Passover, Feast of Unleavened Bread, and
Feast of First Fruits -- seem to clearly be prophetic of our Lord's First
Coming, it seems that the last three feasts of the year are prophetic of
His Second Coming. (For more information, review our briefing package, The
Feast of Israel)You may contact Koinonia House by e-mail: update@khouse.org

Snail mail: Koinonia House, P.O. Box D, Coeur d'Alene, ID 83816-0347 Phone:
1-800-K-HOUSE1 (Credit Card Orders)
208-773-6310 M-F 9a.m.-5p.m (General Inquiries)
208-773-6312 (Fax)

Visit the K-House website at http://www.khouse.org

****************

A PROFILE OF THE ANTICHRIST
by Patti Lalonde


The Bible tells us of a character who will rule the new world order during
the time known as the Tribulation. He is referred to as the antichrist in
only one biblical passage. In I John 2:18 we are warned, "Little children
it is at the last time: and as ye have heard that antichrist shall come."
Although he is only referred to as the "antichrist" once in the Bible, he
is also referred to by other names, like the "lawless one," "the son of
perdition," and "the prince that shall come." It is from these passages
that we are able to know some things about what he will do and what he will
be like.

We know that he will be very cunning. He will seem to have the solutions to
the world's problems and he will promise peace. Dave Breese of Christian
Destiny Inc., notes, "The Bible promises that there will arise a figure who
ostensibly has the answer to everything. He steps on the scene and in the
midst of the prsent and ever-growing disaster he professes to have the
answer. You can be very sure that he is going to say, 'Trust me. Believe in
me. Accept my plan. I will be your leader.' Who is this person? The Bible
teaches that as we move to the consummation of history, the antichrist will
appear on the scene. He is so clever. He is so attractive, even so lovable.
He will turn out to be the most vicious monster in the form of a ruler that
the world has ever seen. This person is the fulfillment of the promise of
the rise of the antichrist."

We cannot be certain what event it will be that propels the antichrist to
center-stage. But we believe his revelation will probably coincide closely
with the Rapture of Christians. This would appear to be a likely time for
his rise to the scene because it would be a time of confusion and chaos.
Charismatic leaders are not prone to rise on a sea of calm, but instead
during a time of turmoil and uncertainty. The antichrist will promise
better times ahead for the people of the world. In Daniel 7:25 we are told
that he will "think to change times and laws."

But whatever event it is that will propel him to the forefront of global
politics, the people of the world at first will love the antichrist. They
will worship him because of his great promises. In one of the descriptions
of his character in the Bible we are told he will have "a mouth speaking
great things" (Daniel 7:8, Revelation 13:5). Indeed, at the beginning of
his rule on the earth, he will not appear to be the vicious monster that he
truly is.

We cannot name the antichrist at our present time in history because God
has not yet revealed who he is. When God had finished revealing what things
would be like in the end times through the angel Gabriel, Daniel said in
chapter 12, verse 8, "And I heard, but I understood not; then said I, O my
Lord, what shall be the end of the these things?" God responded (verse 9),
"Go thy way Daniel for the words are closed up and sealed till the time of
the end."

We believe that the antichrist will probably not be revealed until the
Rapture has taken place. In II Thessalonians, chapter 2, starting at verse
1, the apostle Paul writes to the Thessalonicans,

"Now we beseech you, brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and
by our gathering together unto him, That ye be not soon shaken in mind, or
be troubled, neither by the spirit, nor by the word, nor by letter as from
us, as that the day of Christ is at hand. Let no man deceive you by any
means, for that day shall not come, except there come a falling away first,
and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition; And now ye know what
withholdeth that he might be revealed in his time. For the mystery of
iniquity doth already work: only he who now letteth will let, until he be
taken out of the way. And then shall that Wicked be revealed, whom the Lord
shall consume with the spirit of his mouth, and shall destroy with the
brightness of his coming" (II Thess. 2:1-3, 7-8).

"He who now letteth" (verse 7) is the Holy Spirit, as it indwells
Christians, which will leave the earth with the body of Christians caught
up in the Rapture. Then, we are told in verse 8, after this event occurs,
the "Wicked", the antichrist, will be revealed to those left behind.

He Will Promise Peace

When the Jews rejected Jesus Christ as their Messiah, He uttered an
incredible pronouncement against them. "I have come in my Father's name and
ye receive me not; if another shall come in his own name him ye will
receive" (John 5:43).

Jesus was warning the spiritually blind Jews that one day a counterfeit
messiah would come and the children of Israel would receive this person
coming in his own name with open arms.

Many Jews in the world today are not religious. But if you were to ask the
average Jew why he thinks his forefathers rejected Jesus as the Messiah, he
would say it was because He did not bring peace. Likewise, if you were to
ask the average Jew how he would recognize the Messiah if He were to come,
he would say the rabbis have said the Messiah will bring peace.

And a platform of peace is one on which the antichrist will ride. Not only
will he think to change times and laws, he will, according to Daniel 8:25,
"cause craft to prosper in his hand; and he shall magnify himself in his
heart, and by peace shall destroy many."

Interestingly, when one thinks of the term "anti," it is often assumed that
it only means "against." But another literal translation for "anti" is
"instead of." So, in essence, the antichrist is coming in place of the true
Christ. So, it could very well be that Jews in the Tribulation will refer
to him as their messiah.

But even if this is not the case, Israel will trust him enough to sign a
covenant with him that is to last for seven years. In Daniel 9:27 we read:
"And he shall confirm the covenant with many for one week [seven years]..."

In keeping with the concept that "anti" means "instead of," the antichrist
could very well here be producing his imitation of the covenant made by
God, referred to in Ezekiel 37:26-28:

"Moreover I will make a covenant of peace with them; it shall be an
everlasting covenant with them: and I will place them, and multiply them,
and will set my sanctuary in the midst of them for evermore. My tabernacle
also shall be with them: yea, I will be their God, and they shall be my
people. And the heathen shall know that I the Lord doth sanctify Israel,
when my sanctuary shall be in the midst of them for evermore."

Although we don't know the details of the antichrist's covenant, it could
very well be an imitation of this covenant. We do know the antichrist will
promise peace and we do know that he will allow temple sacrifice to take
place. But we will discuss this a little later.

Some people believe that "the many" that the antichrist signs the covenant
with (Daniel 9:27) refers only to the nation of Israel. But it could also
mean other nations. The Hebrew word for "many" in this passage of scripture
means "abundant, in quantity, size, age, number and rank."

Also, if the antichrist's covenant is in part a promise of peace, it would
seem logical that other nations of the world, whose people will adore the
antichrist, would also take part in signing a document that promises peace
to Israel. It would be difficult to imagine that Israelis would want to be
the only party to a peace covenant guaranteeing her own peace. That is
unless, in viewing the antichrist as the messiah, they may take him solely
upon his own word that there would indeed be peace without other parties
putting their signature on the document.

But, if "the many" refers to other nations as well, the covenant could end
up being a peace treaty for planet earth, or a constitution for a new world
order of sorts.

Preparation for Peace

One of the most obvious pre-conditions for Israel signing a peace covenant
would be that she were in need of peace. Anyone living in our present world
today could not deny that this is indeed the case. Since she became a
nation on May 14, 1948, Israel has been surrounded by neighboring Arab
enemies wishing to push her into the sea. In fact, on the very day that she
became a nation, Israel was attacked by several neighboring Arab ations.

Since then, she has been in a constant state of war with virtually all of
the Middle Eastern nations. At the present time, only two Arab nations,
Jordan and Egypt, are formally at peace with Israel. And, of course, Israel
has a partial peace agreement with the PLO. But there are still many more
Arab enemies for her to contend with.

The Division of Land

Something else we know that the antichrist will do during his reign in the
Tribulation period is "divide the land for gain" (Daniel 11:39).

Interestingly, the "land for peace" issue is very big between Israel and
her Arab neighbors. In its declaration with the PLO, Israel has allowed the
Palestinians limited self-rule in Gaza and Jericho, with the intentions of
this leading to full autonomy in these areas as well as other areas in the
West Bank.

Negotiations have also been going on with Syria, but basically these are at
somewhat of a standstill. Why? Because, virtually what the peace talks
amount to with Syria is US Secretary of State Warren Christopher shuttling
back and forth between Jerusalem and Damascus relaying what seem to be
dead-end messages. Syrian President Hafez Assad, coined by one Israeli
journalist as the Frank Sinatra of the Middle East because he wants it his
way, will not budge unless Israel meets his full demands. Interestingly,
these demands center around Israel giving up land in exchange for peace.
Syria has said it will not guarantee peace until Israel fully withdraws
from the Golan Heights and southern Lebanon.

Another piece of real estate that Arabs are interested in, of course, is
Jerusalem.

Anyhow, in essence, what the Palestinians and Syrians are demanding is that
Israel return to its pre-1967 border. During the Six Day War, lasting from
June 5 to 10, 1967, Israel defeated the combined forces of Egypt, Syria,
Iraq, and Jordan. In its victory winnings Israel took control of the Sinai,
Gaza, Judea and Samaria, the Golan Heights and East Jerusalem.<P> In its
peace treaty with Egypt, Israel agreed to return the Sinai, which it did.

However, returning to its original 1967 borders in full would be a military
risk for Israel. The land that she took control of in the Six Day War has
been significant in her strategic defense since. In speaking of the 1973
Yom Kippur War, Israeli politician Benjamin Netanyahu wrote in his book "A
Place Among Nations," "On both the Egyptian and Syrian fronts, the Arabs
had managed to penetrate as much as twenty miles before Israeli forces
finally checked them. If the war had begun not on the post-1967 lines but
on the pre-1967 lines, and if the Arab armies had advanced the same
distances, Israel would have ceased to exist."

Editor Joseph de Courcy of the UK's Islamic Affairs Analyst [The Stoneyhill
Centre, Brimpsfield, Gloucester, GL48LF, UK] also recognizes the strategic
importance of the pre-1967 borders for Israel:

"Israel will be more vulnerable than at any time in its history following a
land-for-peace settlement with its Arab neighbors for the following
reasons:

"Any conceivable peace settlement between Israel and the Arabs must include
territorial concessions leading to an eventual return to the pre-1967
borders. This will be a majorstrategic setback for Israel as the
importance of the territorial factor in modern warfare has increased in
direct proportion to the lethality (and speed) of modern weaponry.

"As weapons have increased their destructive power, so it has become
necessary to disperse military assets, such as airfields, over wider and
wider areas.

"The speed of modern aircraft and missiles has also given added importance
to strategic depth. A country that is just 9 miles wide (as is pre-1967
Israel) has not strategic depth and cannot resist a surprise attack."

While Israel would obviously be reluctant to give up land that is
strategically necessary to her existence, it may just be the antichrist
that can convince Israel she will be secure, even if she does give up these
important pieces of real estate. The Bible does say that in the last days
Israel will become a "land of unwalled villages" (Ezekiel 38).

Now, what about a land agreement with Jordan? As far as the July 25, 1994
Washington Declaration signed by Israel and Jordan goes, there are not
significant land concessions involved. Interestingly, however, the Bible
does promise that at some point in history, Israel will be given land that
now belongs to Jordan. Betty Lynn writes in "Pathways to Armageddon and
Beyond" [available through This Week in Bible Prophecy], "The nation of
Jordan is comprised of three ancient tribes: Moab, Ammon, and Edom.
Moabites and Ammonites are the descendants of Lot by his incestuous
daughters, and Edomites are the descendants of Esau, Jacob's twin brother.

"These nations have always been at odds with the children of Israel. God
will ultimately punish Jordan for its treatment of Israel. In fact,
numerous prophecies tell us that Israel will ultimately possess Jordan.
Today, just the opposite is true. Jordan occupies the East Bank of the
Jordan River, which is the inheritance of Israel's son Gad.This is a
fulfillment of prophecy:

"Concerning the sons of Ammon. Thus says the Lord: 'Does Israel have no
sons? Or has he no heirs? Why then has Malcam [the national god of the
Ammonites] taken possession of Gad and his people settled in its cities?
Therefore, behold, the days are coming,' declares the Lord, 'that I shall
cause a trumpet blast of war to be heard against Rabbah of the sons of
Ammon; and it will become a desolate heap, and her towns will be set on
fire. Then Israel will take possession of his possessors,' says the Lord.
(Jeremiah 49:1,2).

"This Israeli territorial expansion is echoed in the prophecies of Obadiah.
In fact the main theme of Obadiah is the destruction of Edom, which lies in
southern Jordan:

"'Then the house of Jacob will be a fire and the house of Joseph a flame;
but the house of Esau [Edom] will be as stubble. And they will set them on
fire and consume them, so that there will be no survivor of the house of
Esau,' for the Lord has spoken. Then those of the Negev [southern Israel]
will possess the mountain of Esau, and those of the Shephelah [Judean hills
near Gaza] the Philistine plain [Gaza]; also they will possess the
territory of Ephraim and the territory of Samaria [West Bank], and Benjamin
will possess Gilead [East Bank] (Obadiah 1:18,19)."

The Bible is not clear about when it is that Israel will take possession of
these territories. It could be during the millennium. Or it could coincide
with the beginning of the Tribulation period. If this were the case, it
could be one explanation why Israel will sign the covenant with the
antichrist who will divide the land for gain. If Israel were in control of
these territories now belonging to Jordan, this would vastly increase her
land area, giving her more of a buffer zone for security. Israel may then
be willing to give up other territories in exchange.

Temple Sacrifice

If you will remember, in God's covenant referred to in Ezekiel, chapter 37,
He promised that His sanctuary, or tabernacle, would be in the midst of
Israel. In his imitation of this covenant, the antichrist will also allow
the Jews to have a sanctuary in which they will practice temple sacrifice
once again. And half-way through the Tribulation period, the antichrist
will break his covenant and he will "cause the sacrifice and oblation to
cease" (Daniel 9:27).

Many Jews today, of course, believe that there will be a Third Temple. At
the Old Jerusalem Exhibition a model of the Third Temple can be found. The
Temple Institute located in the Jewish Quarter of Jerusalem has on display
instruments that were fashioned for the re-establishment of temple
sacrifice. And on May 19, 1993, Israeli officials and Jewish leaders
worldwide signed a document called The Jerusalem Covenant. The document
reaffirms the unity of Jerusalem, which occurred with the takeover of East
Jerusalem during the 1967 Six Day War. It also recognizes the prophetic
passages of the Old Testament declaring a rebuilding of the Temple. It is
obvious that any Jews in our world today are anticipating the
re-institution of Temple sacrifice and worship.

The first two Jewish Temples were located on the Temple Mount in Jerusalem.
It would follow that the Jewish people will want to establish a Third
Temple on the same land area. The focal point of the Temple is the Holy of
Holies, built on the spot where Abraham was to sacrifice his son Isaac to
God. God, who was testing Abraham's faith and obedience, instead provided a
lamb to be sacrificed, thus sparing Isaac's life. This land is extremely
important to the Jews and their Temple.

But today the Temple Mount is one of the most controversial pieces of
property in the world. Right now it would seem highly unlikely that Arabs
who control the Temple Mount, backed by the United Nations, would even
dream of allowing the Jews to build a Third Temple beside or in place of
their sacred Dome of the Rock. The Dome is built theoretically on the spot
where Muslims believe the Prophet Mohammed ascended into the sky on his
horse and headed to Mecca.

There is, however, an interesting segment of the Washington Declaration
signed by Israel and Jordan. In the text of the declaration we read:

"Israel respects the present special role of the Hashemite Kingdom of
Jordan in Moslem holy shrines in Jerusalem. When negotiations on the
permanent status will take place, Israel will give high priorty to the
Jordanian historic role in these shrines. In addition, the two sides have
agreed to act together to promote interfaith relations among the three
monotheistic religions."

It is claimed that Jordan's King Hussein is a descendant of the Prophet
Mohammed.

Furthermore, in an interview with the Jerusalem Post (July 23, 1994),
Foreign Minister Shimon Peres said that the Israelis conceded on this issue
of giving King Hussein a role in Jerusalem's Moslem holy shrines because
the Israeli government wanted Jerusalem to open up religiously. "If we
reached an agreement with the Vatican on conducting their religious
affairs, I am sure we can reach an agreement with other religions," he
said.

Peres was referring to a January 6, 1994 historical fundamental agreement
reached by the Vatican and Israel which have a long history of animosity
between them. The agreement was aimed at paving the way for improved
relations. The basis of the agreement was to open diplomatic ties as well
as to ensure that other religions have free access to the holy sites,
important to their specific faith, located in Israel.

In a Jerusalem Post report (Jan. 8, 1994) we read:

"Uri Mori, head of the department of Christian communities of the Religious
Affairs Ministry, says that during the negotiations his ministry took
special care in wording the final agreement so that it would not infringe
on the other churches. In fact, he says, the document enshrines in
international agreement what until now has been only custom.

"Until now, Mori explains, Israel was not legally committed to respect the
status quo agreement on the holy places, although it has done so in
practice. In the fundamental agreement to be signed last week, Israel made
such a commitment, he says."

It could well be possible, as a symbolic gesture of peace in the new world
order, one could see the building of the Third Temple on the Temple Mount,
and maybe even a "Christian" church, right alongside the Moslem Dome of the
Rock.

The Abomination of Desolation

We have already mentioned that the antichrist causes the Temple sacrifice
to cease half-way through his covenant with Israel. But he does more than
just that. He desecrates the Jewish Temple. In Daniel 9:27 we are told:

"And he shall confirm the covenant with many for one week [seven years]:
and in the midst of the week he shall cause the sacrifice and the oblation
to cease, and for the overspreading of abominations he shall make it
desolate, even until the consummation, and that determined shall be poured
upon the desolate."

In the past there have been historical figures who have in some way
desecrated the historical Jewish Temples. Some believe that these figures
in some way have fulfilled the prophecy given in Daniel, chapter 9. Dr.
Randall Price writes in his book "In Search of Temple Treasures," "As we
survey the Old Testament, we can see Satan preparing for the advent of the
Antichrist during the Tribulation through a series of 'antichrists' who
appear as opponents of the Jewish people and as desecraters of the holy
Temple that housed the Ark..."Prominent examples of such antichrists are
the unnamed pharaoh who oppressed the Israelites in Egypt (Exodus 1:11, 22;
5:2) and the Babylonian king Nebuchadnezzar, who destroyed the Temple in
Jerusalem (2 Kings 24:13- 14)...

"Later figures develop the typological connection with the Temple by the
Syrian king Antiochus IV Epiphanes (Daniel 8:11-14; 11:31)...

"[T]he development toward the antitype (Antichrist) reveals that the
movement of the type's (antichrist's) actions toward Temple desecration.
Notice that the development begins with both opposition to the divine
program and the oppression of God's people. Pharaoh sets the basic plot
that will progressively enlarge by a desecration against the Temple.
Nebuchadnezzar cast the third element; his desecration was that of removing
the Temple from Israel and the Israelites from the Land. This act was more
severe than Pharaoh's persecution of Israel in his land. But it was not as
severe as what Antiochus did--persecute Israel and desecrate her Temple
within her own Land."

While these historical figures did indeed desecrate the Jewish Temples and
in some way and oppressed God's chosen people, they did not fulfill all
that the Bible has prophesied about the antichrist. Therefore, it obviously
follows that they were not the antichrist, and this "abomination of
desolation" is still to take place at a time in the future.

What is the abomination of desolation that the antichrist will perform?

The apostle Paul tells us in II Thessalonians 2:4 what the son of perdition
(verse 3) will do. We are told he "opposeth and exalteth himself above all
that is called God, or that is worshipped; so that he as God sitteth in the
temple of God, shewing himself that he is God."

So this is the abomination. The antichrist will enter the Temple, probably
the most sacred area of the Temple which is the Holy of Holies, and
proclaim to be God.

The Antichrist Rises From Europe

We can expect that the antichrist who arises on the world scene comes from
European descent. How do we know this?

Well, first of all, in the book of Daniel we are told that the Babylonian
king Nebuchadnezzar had a dream about a great image. God gave Daniel the
ability to interpret this dream. The image in Nebuchadnezzar's dream had a
head of gold, a breast and arms of silver, a belly and thighs made of brass
and legs of iron. These legs then moved on to feet which were partly made
of iron and partly of clay (Daniel 2:31-45).

Daniel explained that the image made up of different metals and the clay
were representative of four major kingdoms in history that would control
the earth. The first was Babylon represented by the head of gold. The
breast and arms of silver were representative of the Medo-Persian armies
that conquered Babylon. The third kingdom represented by brass was the
Greek Empire. And finally, the fourth empirre was the Roman Empire.
Interestingly, the Roman Empire was represented by iron legs in.

So the kingdom made up of iron and clay is an extension of the iron empire,
or the Roman Empire. We of course know from history books that the Roman
Empire fell. But since the kingdom of iron and clay is an extension of the
Roman Empire, it follows that it will be resurrected in a new format so to
speak. It is referred to by prophecy students as the Revived Roman Empire.

The Roman Empire was in control during Christ's time on earth before His
crucifixion. And it was by the Roman crucifixion that Jesus was put to
death on the cross. It will be during the existence of this Revived Roman
Empire that Christ will again come to earth at His second coming.

We also know from history books that it was the Roman Empire which was
responsible for the destruction of the Second Temple in 70 AD. In Daniel,
chapter 9, we are told that after the Messiah was cut off, the sanctuary
would be destroyed. And we are told in this chapter that the prince that
would come in the future [the antichrist] would be from the people who
destroyed the sanctuary. In verse 26 we read, "And after threescore and two
weeks shall Messiah be cut off, but not for himself; and the people of the
prince that shall come shall destroy the city and the sanctuary..."

>From this, the majority of students of Bible prophecy today have concluded
>that the antichrist will arise from the Revived Roman Empire which has its
>core in what is known today as the European Union.

Making War With the Saints

The antichrist we are told holds a hatred towards God, and his children. We
are told that he will come against those who are saved during the
Tribulation period. In Revelation 13:7 we are told that "it was given unto
him to make war with the saints, and to overcome them."

Even today we see this spirit developing in the world. In the past we have
documented examples of a distaste for Christianity that can be sensed in
many movies and TV programs. But the enemy is no longer the animated Mr.
Flanders living next door to the Simpson's, or the fictional Christian
zealots who ruled with an iron fist in the movie "The Handmaid's Tale." Now
the characters are real. Those identified as Christian zealots, accurate or
not, are members of the patriot/militia movement, abortion protesters,
those who speak out against homosexuality, or the Religious Right running
for office in the US political arena.

But this sentiment will reach its ultimate venomous state when the
antichrist sheds the blood of saints in the Tribulation period.

The reason behind this hatred for the saints, of course, grows from a
hatred of God and Jesus Christ. The antichrist, along with his followers in
the world, will ultimately turn their weapons against Christ at the battle
of Armageddon, only to learn the lesson of Who is truly Lord.


Visit This Week in Bible Prophecy Website: http://www.niagara.com/~twibp
Check your local TV listings for TWIBP...new stuff, new format

*****************

PREMISES OF THE NEW AGE WORLD VIEW
by Gordie Tong

The New Age World view is Syncretistic. In other words it blends elements
of other world views. Russell Chandler, author of "Understanding the New
Age", suggests the following beliefs make up some but not all of the
components of this movement:

- All is One (monism). The Cosmos is pure, undifferentiated, universal
energy - a consiousness or "life force". Everything is one vast,
interconnected process. All life is of equal value.

- All is God (pantheism). God is an impersonal principal, a conciousness,
lifeforce, Energy. Everything that is, is God.

- Humans, nature, spirits, ET's, the earth, etc. are infused with or of the
same essence as God. (polytheism). Humans have unlimited potentials being
one with the One." We are God, "affirms many within this movement. Other
enlighten beings, entities, etc. which share this divinity can also guide,
instruct and empower those who opened the door to other side. Paranormal
experiences are often sought and experienced when encountering these
guides, assorted spirits, ET's and unknown entities.

- All religions are essentially One. Jesus, Krishna, Buddaha, Lao- tsu, and
all the mystics old and new, realized and taught this Oneness. All
spiritual paths are equally valid. Dogmas and doctrines which cause
separation should be de-empasized in favour of personal or communal unitive
experiences of at-one-ness. There is a need, say some, for a New Age which
will bannish intolerance and promote harmony and unity. Reincarnation is
believed to explain suffering and karma.

- Humanity's problem is not sin but ignorance. We have forgotten we are one
with God and we...have infinite potential at our fingertips if we allow it
to flow. Therefore we need to reject the self limitations and beliefs of
the old ways of perception and embrace a "paradigm shift': a distinct new
way of thinking.

- How does humanity embark upon a paradigm shift? Through an "awakening
experience" each individual may "actualize" his or her divine nature and
achieve union with his or her divine nature with the Ultimate Unifying
Principle by applying a plethoria of consciousness-changing techniques, or
"psychotechnologies', to body mind and spirit.

- Some examples of what Ferguson calls "intentional triggers of
transformative experiences" are: meditation, Yoga,chanting, mood-altering
music, mind expanding drugs, esoteric systems of religious mysticism and
knowledge, guided imagery, balancing and aligning"energies," hypnosis, body
discipines...radical seminars designed to obliterate former values,
etc...The pathway to godhood lies not in left-hemisphere logic but in right
hemisphere's intuitive 'knowing' and creativeness.'

- The sequel to expanded personal awareness is planetary tranformation,
charaterized by mass enlightment and social evolution.... Many of the
world's problems: overpopulation, the envoirmental crisis, war, economic
problems etc. may be solved by realizing our Oneness and untapped
potentials. A New Planetary Order or New World Order which calls for an
emerging global civilizaton and one world government is in the agenda. When
a "critical mass" is achieved through world wide New Age events like the
Harmonic Convergence, or the World Peace Meditations, or Mind Body
Conferences, Earth Day, etc...then we will arrive at the New Age. Millions
have already participated in these events and some of them are annual and
ongoing..there are countless new age communities, conferences, peoples, and
publications in many countries "networking" to achieve critical mass or the
"Hundreth Monkey Effect" as it often called. Although at this present time
there is no one leading group or indivdual guiding this movement...it,
never-the-less through networking... is becoming a powerful force in
society and the world.

CRACKS IN THE NEW AGE WORLD VIEW

- The assumption that all is One and it's implications are not true. If God
is impersonal or all is One, there is no basis for absolutes in terms of
truth, ethics or understanding reality. Reality, truth or right or wrong
becomes whatever a New Age person perceives it to be. A Oneness which
encompasses all and is all must also embrace evil. Ethical relativsm is
illogical and unworkable. Try it sometime in a relationship or in society
and see the fruit of anarchy and chaos...Nor do we need abitrary absolutes
given to us by an authoritarian elite...If there is no higher law than the
state or an New Age elite then democracy is obsolete...we must return to
the concept of Lex Rex which states that those that govern are also subject
to revealed moral laws...If All is One, then there is no difference between
cruety and non cruelty...Charles Manson said "if all is One then nothing is
wrong"...he was more consistant with his pantheistic beliefs than most new
age people you meet.

- Man is not God. Human imperfection, finitude, falliblity, and fallenness
are the observable human condition. Humanity may with God's grace may
become more saintly..ie. God's Spirit may enable men and women to bear the
fruits of peace, love, goodness and experience God'smiracles of healing
etc... but man will not attain Godhood. The finite will not become the
infinite. We have potential not unlimited potential. Where is evidence of
human perfection or compassion in Roman Ceasars or others who also claimed
to be God? ...all you see is human folly and the corruption of power.

- There are distintions within the created order. Not all life is of equal
value as taught by new age Deep Ecologists or sometime by reincarnation
believers. Relativism-plugged into reincarnation theory-denigrates the
value of human life by reducing all life to the lowest level. . Although
all life is to valued as part of nature, nature is not perfect and can
produce pestilance and harmful mutations..perhaps we are reaping the fruit
of this as man tries to play God tinkering with genetic engineering...or
planting new species in the wrong eco-systems. Panthesism says all life is
equal...so man becomes no more valuable than the grass we trample on or
burn...

- Jesus did not teach that all paths lead to a pantheistic Oneness or that
man will achieve Godhood. (see John 14, Matt 7:14,) His teaching has to be
distored to suggest that Christ taught New Age philosophy as many within
New Age circles try to imply...by taking his teaching out of context. Not
all religions promote panthesitic monistic beliefs...as suggested by
uninformed teachers within the movement...

-The Altered State of conciousness reached through meditation and other
psychotechnologies often negates critical thinking and reason, often
dulling the individual's ability to discern between truth and deception. It
also allows for the possiblitiy to contact deceptive or masquarading
spirits (many within the movement acknowledge the existence of negative or
evil entities) or be possessed by them as may happen in the channeling
phenomena. A old proverb states "a man without self-control is like a town
without defences." A person in ASC who is passive is more vulnarable to
suggestiblity and outside control by whatever controllers human or non
human that might happen to be around. Real spirituallity involves the mind,
intellect and heart...critical thinking, not scepticism or mind-less-ness
is - necessary for spiritual discernment.

- Utopian notions of man and utopian New Age political goals may lead to
totalitarian systems that would grow increasingly intolerant of those who
would critize it. It was the belief in the fallenness and falliblity of
human leadership in Europe during the Reformation and afterwards that led
to ideas of democracy and freedom, as well as the need for checks and
balances in government

This may be lost as New Age ideas are more and more embraced in society.
Some kind of hierarchy of so called "enlighted" beings are trying to guide
us into the NEW AGE claim many within this movement. The question is how do
we know that the spirit guides, ET's or whatever, are what they appear to
be...there is growing evidence that they are not so enlightened after all,
and may have some other more sinister motives in mind when providing
guidance and so called "transformative" experiences.

- Reincarnation and evolutionary beliefs instead of bringing real love and
unity to mankind may create elitist feelings and a callowness to human
suffering. Karma supposedly determines a persons caste or position in life.
To try to help those who are suffering, is to interfere with their karma.
Unenlightened people are already called "cancer cells". In body of Gaia by
some within the movement...with the implication that a "cleansing" is
coming or needed..we heard that before from Adolf Hitler...who in his time
wanted to usher in a New Age..(Hitler also claimed he was guided by voices
from the other side) ..There are presently some prominant leaders guided by
powerful entities in this movement who are presently taking on or promoting
Messianic leadership...as well as the "cleansing concept"...their spirit
guides are saying this is necessary...John Randolph Price, the primary
moving force behind the "World Instant of Cooperation," was told by his
favorite spirit guide, "Asher," that "nature will soon enter her cleansing
cycle...." These individuals [the two billion human beings who do not have
the 'ring of protection' around them] with their lower vibratory rates will
be removed during the next two decades.... " Please read some of the
references listed below ...there are many people already who are
unknowingly caught up in this spiritual pandora's box...wake up don't be
one of them.

Many persons exploring New Age beliefs are sincere and pleasant
people...and are not throwing their lot in with the more dangerous elements
of the New Age...there are people being hurt by these beliefs and by cultic
leaders...as well as seductive entites...I've dialoged with many of them in
several countries...so I encourage compassion for victims...we may disagree
and be discerning and helpful but not be arrogant, for in the eyes of God
we all fall short of perfection...for it's only by God's grace that we are
able to see the many of the pitfals of a fallen world..If you are following
New Age beliefs ask God's Spirit to guide you in your quest for truth and
reality...

Also do your own research as others have below...some listed below were
formally in the New Age Movement and in leadership positions...some
experiencing powerful paranormal experiences until they woke up to the
deception.

References below:

1. The Beautiful Side of Evil - Johanna Michaelson..former assistant to
psychic healer...and Sylva Mind disciple.

2. Like Lambs to the Slaughter - Johanna Michaelson. * pp 307-310

3. Understanding the New Age - Russell Chandler , Journalist and religion
writer For Los Angeles Times.

4. Inside the New Age Nightmare - Randall N. Baer -former "crystal power"
practioner and teacher. Huntington House, 1989.

5. When the World Will Be As One -The Coming NEW WORLD ORDER in the NEW AGE
by Tal Brooke - former follower of Sai Baba, presently with The Spiritual
Counterfeits Research Group - Berkeley, Calif.

6. Out on a Broken Limb - Dr. F. LaGard Smith ..Professor of Law at
Pepperdine University. Harvest House 1986.

7."How Should We Then Live' - The Rise and Fall of Western Civilization, by
Dr. Francis Shaeffer. Fleming H Revell Co. NJ. 1976.

*****************

MOVING TOWARDS A THIRD TEMPLE
by Lambert Dolphin

By the rivers of Babylon, there we sat down, yea, we wept when we
remembered Zion. We hung out harps upon the willows in the midst of it. For
there those who carried us away captive required of us a song. And those
who plundered us required of us mirth, saying, Sing us one of the songs of
Zion!

How shall we sing the Lord's song in a foreign land? If I forget you, O
Jerusalem, let my right hand forget her skill! If I do not remember you,
let my tongue cleave to the roof of my mouth  - if I do not exalt Jerusalem
above my chief joy. (Psalm 137:1-6)

Yearnings for a Third Temple

The 137th Psalm, a hymn of the exiles of Jerusalem during the Babylonian
captivity, eloquently expresses the yearnings of the Jewish people for
their homeland, their City and their Temple - then and now. Jerusalem,
"City of Peace" has known nearly two dozen wars and destructions since its
existence was first known to us from the Biblical record. Abraham's meeting
with Melchizedek about 1450 BC reveals that there was in the city (known
then as "Salem"), even at that early date.

A righteous Gentile king, Melchizedek, ruled there as "priest of God Most
High" (El Elyon). During the time period after 70 A.D. Jerusalem should
have long since fallen into oblivion. This city with no natural wealth, no
oil reserves, and no great strategic military value. Ancient trade routes
passed up and down the coastline of the Mediterranean Sea or along the
Jordan Valley. The King's Highway ran North and South on the plateau of
Jordan - Jerusalem was out of the way. Why should anyone pass by there?

Today, centers of modern commerce and trade are in Tel Aviv or Haifa.
Jerusalem is more of a city of religion, art, culture and museums than an
economically viable regional marketplace or a center of business activity.
Yet Jerusalem thrives in our time as a city full of mystical attractiveness
and endless fascination.

As never before in history, Jerusalem is at the center of today's
headlines. The city which grew up around the small walled-village captured
by King David from the Jebusites 3000 years ago is the focal point of
never-ending debate among the great superpowers. No other city has been
desired and fought over as Jerusalem. In its history Jerusalem has been
fought over by armies of the Assyrians, Babylonians, Egyptians, Greeks,
Ptolemies, Seleucids, Romans, Byzantines, Persians, Arabs, Seljuks,
Crusaders, Mongols, Mamelukes, by the Turks, the British, and the
Jordanians. Today the nations of all the world consider it their
responsibility and obligation to meddle in her politics and destiny.

As a religious center Jerusalem remains sacred to (and fought over by) all
three monotheistic religions: Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. It is an
open secret that the Pope aspires to set up his world headquarters there,
having claimed for many years that the Holy Land has really been, all
along, under Roman Catholic stewardship. UN debates, Arab neighbors, and
the PLO urge the "internationalization" of this modest city. All the while
pilgrims continue to flock there in droves numbering millions per year.

All the eyes of the world are upon Jerusalem, City of Peace, today as never
before. This is a city that has been besieged about forty different times
and destroyed (at least partially) on thirty-two different occasions. The
rulership of Jerusalem has changed hands some twenty-six times. Since 1948
Jerusalem has experienced four wars.

>From the time of the establishment of the State of Israel in May of 1948
>until 1967, the City was divided. Walls, barbed-wire fences and a
>desolated strip of non-man's land cut through the very heart of the city,
>especially excluding the Jews from the Old City and the Temple Mount.
The Old City Liberated

In June of 1967 the Jews were involved in a war that resulted in the
liberation of the Old City of Jerusalem. On the third day of the Six Day
War, Israeli paratrooper Motta Gur, mounted on a half-track, announced that
the Temple Mount has been regained. On June 7 of that year the Israeli
troops moved into the Old City and stood at the Western Wall (Wailing Wall)
for prayer. Rabbi Shlomo Goren declared:

"We have taken the city of God. We are entering the Messianic era for the
Jewish people, and I promise to the Christian world that what we are
responsible for we will take care of."

The city of Jerusalem was reunified and the Star of David flew again from
its ramparts. The Temple Mount Restored to Moslem Control. On Saturday June
17, 1967, shortly after the end of the Six Day War, Defense minister Moshe
Dayan entered the Al-Aksa Mosque for a historic meeting. In a gesture of
good will, Dayan sat down on the prayer carpet with five leaders of the
Supreme Moslem Council (the Waqf) of what had been Jordanian-controlled
Jerusalem. That discussion fixed Israel's policy regarding the Temple
Mount, a policy that remains unchanged to this day.

Dayan had ordered the Israeli flag removed from on top of the Dome of the
Rock on the afternoon of the Old City's liberation. His discussion with the
Moslems led to further concessions. The administrative control over the
Temple Mount was to be the sole responsibility of the Supreme Moslem
Council - the (Jordanian) Waqf. Though the Jews would be permitted free
access to the Mount, prayer by Jews was prohibited. Dayan refused to permit
any Jewish identification with Judaism's holiest site. To him, the Temple
Mount held only historic interest. He said:

"I have no doubt that because the power is in our hands we must take a
stand based on yielding. We must view the Temple Mount as a historic site
relating to past memory."

The government of Israel then allocated responsibility of the Temple Mount
area to different groups. Israel's Department of Antiquities were given the
south, southeast, and southwest area of the Temple Mount to explore
archaeologically. The top of the Temple Mount, however, site of the First
and Second Temples, was given over to the Moslems to administrate. To the
present day, the Moslem Waqf allows tourists to visit the Mount a few hours
per day - but they do not allow any freedom of worship or any non-Moslem
archeological activity there. The entire area is treated as if it were a
gigantic outdoor mosque. Visitors who stroll out of very limited areas - to
view over the wall at the Pinnacle of the Temple, or to see the interior of
the Golden Gate, for example - will be quickly restrained by an Arab guard.


Shortly after the Temple Mount was recaptured, Rabbi Shlomo Goren, then
chief chaplain of the Israeli army, and one of the leading advocates for
the rebuilding of the Temple, attempted to establish a Jewish identity on
the Mount. The Western Wall below the Mount was all Israel actually
possessed and to Goren that was not enough. He believed regaining Jewish
presence on the Mount would be a major step towards Israel's long-awaited
redemption. On August 15, 1967, Goren led demonstrative Jewish prayers on
the Temple Mount Compound. His actions caused shockwaves and much
apprehension among Moslems as to the fate of their sacred sites.

Goren prayed within the Temple Mount courtyard, but this was contrary to
the newly agreed arrangement with the Israeli government. The Waqf
responded by locking the entrance gate above the Western Wall that leads to
the Temple Mount. The keys to that gate were confiscated soon thereafter by
the government of Israel and Jewish military police have been on duty at
the entrance gate ever since.

The two chief Rabbis of Israel (Sephardic and Askenazi) then compiled a
joint statement forbidding Jews to visit the Temple Mount. There position
was that the Jewish people were ceremonially unclean and might accidentally
tread on the place where the holy of holies stood in the Temple.

Now a Political Issue

The Temple Mount had become a political issue as far back as 1930 when
Mufti Haj Arain El-Husseini turned Solomon's Stables into a shooting range
and whipped up a frenzy over Jewish prayer at the Western Wall. The current
Supreme Moslem Council looks to a 1931 decision that the Temple Mount is
exclusive Waqf property. The Waqf - who owe their allegiance to Jordan - do
not accept the reunification of Jerusalem. Islamic preachers during the
regular Friday day of prayer on the Mount regularly and routinely denounce
Israel the right of the Jews to exist, frequently delivering inflammatory
polemics designed to foster Arab hatred towards the Jews.

Prior to 1967 the central structure on the Mount for the Moslems was the
Al-Aksa Mosque. After the city was recaptured in 1967, the Waqf began to
term the entire Temple Mount as Al-Aksa. In effect, they annexed the entire
Mount.

No Exploration or Excavation

The rabbinical prohibition against Jews walking around on the Temple Mount
has now been extended. The rabbis next declared that there was to be no
exploration, excavation, or even prayer on the Temple Mount. Yet they
continued to acknowledge that the Temple Mount is the center of Jerusalem:

"The Temple Mount is the red-hot heart of the city. This doesn't mean that
everyone who lives here turns up there in the course of a day, a week, a
month or a year, or even turns his mind to it. He may go through years
without giving it a thought, just as a Roman might not think of St.
Peter's. Some young Jerusalemites, who can't remember a time when Jews
couldn't freely and safely go to the Wall, do take it for granted. Yet even
they know that Jerusalem, unlike Rome, is contested. They believe too that
whoever holds the Holy Places, and especially the Temple Mount, possesses
the upper hand in city, and therefore the country."

Orthodox Jews and the Temple Mount

In their attempts to minimize tensions between Jew and Arab concerning the
Temple Mount a ban on Jewish entry was formally posted at the entrance gate
by the Chief Rabbinate of Israel.

"Entrance to the area of the Temple Mount is forbidden to everyone  by
Jewish Law owing to the sacredness of the place.  ---The Chief Rabbinate of
Israel."

Jews were thus officially banned from setting foot on the Temple platform.
In practice many Orthodox Jews observe the ban while other Jews do not. The
stated reason for the ban is that gentiles, as well as Jews, are regarded
as &quot;unclean&quot; today and are thus unfit to walk on the sacred
mount. The Mount is considered so sacred that one is forbidden even to fly
over it because the holiness of the site extends into the heavens.
Therefore the Orthodox Jew is allowed only to admire the mount from a
distance. This ban will stay in effect, many believe, until the Messiah
comes. Because of the ban the Jews pray and celebrate at the Western wall,
an area in earlier times known as the "Wailing" wall.

Other devout Jews have disputed the reasons for the Rabbinical ban claiming
that the Temple Mount foundations are indeed defiled and must be
ceremonially cleansed. Until the new temple is completed and ready to be
placed into service it is permissible for unclean persons to visit there
and even to work on the building of the Third Temple. First the temple must
be cleansed - then the people - is their argument.

We know from history that when the Herodian Temple stood, stone plaques,
some in Latin, others in Greek, were placed in the Court of the Gentiles
warning any Gentile not to enter the precincts of the Temple at the risk of
losing his life.

"No Gentile is to be approach within the balustrade round the Temple and
the peribolos.

Whosoever is caught will be guilty of his own death which will follow"

While there were no such signs in later times, for example when the
enclosure became a sacred place for Islam, Moslems were no less jealous to
guard the area from the steps of non-Moslems and threats to kill people
trying to enter are recorded in the reports of travelers who came to
Jerusalem in the past. The restrictions were partially lifted in the middle
of the nineteenth century but were clamped down again when Arab nationalism
rose to a peak under the then Jerusalem Mufti, Haj Amin el Husseini, during
the thirties of the twentieth century.

The Waqf these days only permits very limited access to the Temple Mount as
we have noted. Sometimes for only a few hours a day and at other times no
access whatsoever. Any attempts by Jews or Christians to pray, read from
the Bible, sing or speak openly about their faith are immediately squelched
by the ever-zealous and ever-present Arab guards, most of whom are
ill-tempered, rude, and disrespectful to tourists. In all fairness, it
should be added that those visitors who treat the Moslem guides, guards,
and care-takers with courtesy and respect will often receive a warm
response. As the Bible says, "Love covers a multitude of sins."

Role of the Jewish Ministry of Religious Affairs

The ministry of religious affairs have not been sympathetic to those who
wish freedom of access on the Temple Mount. On June 27, 1967, the day the
law regarding the Holy Places was adopted, the Israel Minister of Religious
Affairs said "it is our standing afar and our disinclination to enter that
illustrate our awe and reverence over the site of our former Temples."

After the city of Jerusalem was reunified in 1967 the Knesset passed a law
which guaranteed freedom of access and worship in all the holy sites. This
law is enforced with sensitivity and diligence all over Israel---with one
notable exception, and that is the Temple Mount. Though freedom of worship
is said to be guaranteed, any open display of worship is not allowed. The
carrying of a Jewish prayer book or the attempt to pray on the Mount is
strictly taboo. The police believe that such an act is a threat to the
peace because of Moslem reaction, and indeed the Moslems regard such
actions by non-Moslems are acts of disrespect for Allah. Hence the Temple
Mount is treated differently by the government from all the rest of the
holy sites in Israel.

On at least four different occasions the High Court of Justice has heard
pleas from Jews to permit freedom of worship on the Temple Mount. Each time
they have been denied. One of the reasons that this has not caused more of
a furor is a ban on the entrance to the Temple Compound that has been
published by the chief Rabbinate of Israel. The holy site is off limits to
those who may transgress its sacred ground.

Former chief Rabbi Shlomo Goren believed otherwise. It was his opinion that
only a small part of the Temple Mount area, some 15%, is off limits to the
people. Goren attempted to measure the area to pinpoint where a worshipper
can or cannot stand. It was his contention that worshippers should be
allowed in the large area of the Temple Compound that is not the sacred
portions. The problem is that there is no consensus of opinion as to where
to measure to indicate what parts are sacred and what parts are not.

Chief Rabbi Mordechai Eliahu suggested that if a synagogue were to be
built, it should be done on the eastern wall of the Temple Mount. Such a
synagogue stood there until the 16th century. The entrance to the synagogue
could be from outside the wall preventing people from walking upon the
prohibited areas of the Mount.

"Assaulting" the Mount

Since 1967 there have been various attempts by individuals and by groups to
assault the Temple Mount in order to perform Jewish blood sacrifices, to
destroy a Moslem building, or to upset the balance of power and to alter
the status quo.

On August 21, 1969 Michael Rohan a non-Jewish tourist from Australia set
fire to the Al Aksa Mosque. Firefighters fought the blaze for four hours as
an angry Moslem crowd shouted "Down with Israel." The president of the
Moslem Council accused the fire brigades of a deliberately slow response.
The Arab states blamed Israel for the incident even though Rohan identified
himself as a &quot;Church of God&quot; member. The fire destroyed a
priceless on thousand year old wood and ivory pulpit (minbar) that had been
sent from Aleppo by Saladin.

At his trial Rohan told the court that he believe himself to be "the Lord's
emissary" in accordance with a prophecy in the Book of Zechariah. The court
convicted Rohan but then declared him criminally insane. He was placed in
an Israeli mental hospital. The Temple Mount remained closed to non-Moslems
for two months after the incident. For the next three years, all
non-Moslems were barred from El Aksa Mosque.

After the ban was lifted the Moslem guards were still very nervous. The
mere opening of a purse for a handkerchief would cause the guards to come
running and search for a bomb.

The Case of Yoel Lerner

In October 1982 Yoel Lerner, a member of Meir Kahane Kach movement, was
arrested for planning to sabotage one of the mosques on the Temple Mount.
Lerner was convicted of planning to blow up the Dome of the Rock.
Previously he had served a three year sentence for heading a group that
plotted to overthrow the government and establish a state based upon
religious law. He was sentenced to two and one half years in prison.

...And of Allen Harry Goodman

In April 11,1982 Allen Harry Goodman, an Israeli soldier, went on a
shooting rampage on the Temple Mount. Storming into the Al Aksa Mosque with
an M-16 rifle Goodman killed a Moslem guard and wounded other Arabs. This
incident set off a week of rioting and strikes in Jerusalem, the West Bank,
and the Gaza Strip. At his trial Goodman told the court that he had
expected to become "King of the Jews by liberating this holy spot." He was
convicted a year later and sentenced to life plus two terms of twenty
years.

Jerusalem's psychiatrists and mental institutions have learned to expect,
and to professionally render aid to a growing number of insane or
marginally unstable individuals who flock to Jerusalem every year. Some
pilgrims claim to be the True Messiah, or the Virgin Bride of Jesus, or the
Two Witnesses of the Apocalypse. Moses, Elijah and Nehemiah, usually in
costume, announce their return from the dead fairly often in the public
square. Quickly these problem children are whisked off to wards now
accustomed to the bizarre and the unexpected as regular parts of living in
"the City of a Great King." The problem is so significant it has been
labeled "the Jerusalem Syndrome." "The City of Peace" preserves its
tranquillity and peace one day at a time, sometimes by a slim margin
indeed.

Another Foiled Raid on the Mount

On March 10, 1983 the police quickly stopped an attempted raid on the Mount:

"JERUSALEM --Israeli security forces arrested about 45 Jewish extremists,
including supporters of radical Rabbi Meir Kahane, foiling an armed raid on
the Temple Mount to seize Muslim and Jewish holy places, police said
Friday. Security forces, working on a tip, Thursday night captured 10 of
the extremists carrying army rifles, hoes and crowbars near an ancient
passageway to the area in East Jerusalem, Israel radio said.

Thirty-five other Israelis were subsequently arrested, but four were later
released after proving they had nothing to do with the incident.

An undisclosed number of those detained were Israeli soldiers but were not
in uniform, police spokesman Meir Gilboa said.

The religious militants . . . wanted to occupy the area to be able to pray
on the site, where Muslims worship, Israeli radio said. . .

Interior Minister Yosef Burg, the nation's internal security chief, assured
leaders of the Supreme Muslim Council that authorities will stop any
possible attacks of worshipers or attempts to curtail freedom of worship.
Jerusalem Police Chief Yehoshua Caspi said a takeover 'could have caused a
most serious conflagration' between Arabs and Jews.

Twenty-nine people were eventually charged for the intrusion but were
acquitted of all charges."

Jerusalem Day 1983

On May 11, 1983 the Israeli high court of Justice ordered a very limited
lifting of the ban of worship on the Temple Mount Compound. The court
ordered the Jerusalem police to permit members of the "Faithful of the
Temple Mount," to enter a small corner of the Temple precincts to worship
for an hour and a half. The service commemorated Jerusalem Day, the
anniversary of the reunification of the Holy City. Hundreds of worshippers
crowded into the tiny area, defined by a rim of police barricades
stretching but 15 feet from the Mograbi Gate. The entire space allowed for
Jewish worship was approximately 700 square feet, between 3:30 p.m. and
5:00 p.m., on Jerusalem Day.

The court order was controversial. Many Muslims saw it an infringement on
their religious sovereignty over the Temple Mount. More secular Jews feared
that the court's decision would simply complicate the already delicate
relationships with the Arabs. Many religious Jews celebrated the decision,
declaring that Jerusalem cannot truly be considered liberated until a Jew
has a right to share the Temple Mount equally with other religions who wish
to worship the true and living God. Some Rabbis called for more severe
restrictions to the point of allowing the Mount to be in permanent Moslem
control so as to prevent Jews from entering altogether. As usual,
paradoxes, extreme pluralism, diversity of opinion, and multiple
contradictions (common to daily life in Jerusalem) prevailed.

An Underground Riot

In the summer of 1983 Rabbi Yehuda Getz, the former Rabbi of the Western
Wall, (he died in 1995) broke through the Western Wall deliberately
excavating to the East ("Cistern 30") in their newly excavated underground
tunnel which runs under the old city. This tunnel extends from the prayer
area, Ha Kotel, North towards the Fortress Antonia. Getz hoped to
eventually reach the foundation of the Second Temple. During this
tunnelling, Rabbis Getz and Goren claim to have seen the Ark of the
Covenant according to statements they later made to the press. However the
Waqf guards on the Temple Mount discovered the underground activity and
soon sent down some young men through cistern entrances above to
"discourage" the work. A fist fight ensued and the episode concluded with
the sealing of the wall with six feet of reinforced cement. The incident
was especially tense as it was not certain at the time whether or nor the
Jerusalem police had jurisdiction to intervene in the undergound excavation
since the area was under the jurisdiction of Rabbi Getz. The so-called
"Rabbinical Tunnel" was opened to the public in 1996 as an outstanding new
archaeological attraction.

The Lifta Band Incident

In January 27, 1984 the most ambitious plan to assault the Temple Mount
occurred. The Lifta band, evidently wanting to bring the return of the
Messiah, attempted to blow up the Moslem Holy sites on the Temple Mount.

The plan drew international attention. The headlines read "Israel
Investigates Jewish Extremists in Mosque Plot:"

Israeli police established a special task force Sunday to investigate
suspected Jewish terrorism after an attempt to destroy one of Islam's
holiest sites was thwarted at the last minute.

Police reportedly believe that Jewish zealots, perhaps including some with
Israeli army training, organized the plot to blow up the Dome of the Rock
shrine and Al Aqsa mosque in the walled Old City of Jerusalem.

Security forces, notified by an Arab watchman, prevented the assault early
Friday. The attackers fled, leaving behind them explosives, including hand
grenades of a type issued by the Israeli army.

Information about the thwarted attack was withheld for about 36 hours,
apparently to allow emotions to cool. News of an attempt against the
Islamic shrines could have touched off riots among the Arabs of Israel and
the Israeli-occupied West Bank of the Jordan River and Gaza Strip, who are
overwhelmingly Muslim. Israeli military censors prohibited publication of
the news in Arabic-language newspapers published Saturday. Israeli police
revealed the attempted attack late Saturday.

The mass-circulation Tel Aviv newspaper Yediot Aharnot said police
recovered almost 250 pounds of explosives, including dozens of grenades,
boxes of dynamite and about 12 mortar rounds. .

Jerusalem Mayor Teddy Kollek expressed shock over the incident. He assured
the cities top Muslim official, Mufti Saadedin Alami, that the authorities
will do everything possible to apprehend the criminals.

Kollek also urged Alami to permit installation of an electronic fence to
increase security around the site. . .

The Supreme Moslem Council, which supervises the shrine, warned, "If the
attempted explosions had succeeded all Arab countries would have
immediately launched a holy war against Israel." Based on the aftermath of
far less serious incidents on Temple Mount - which have triggered rioting
among the Arabs of Israel and the territories - the prediction seems to
have been a reasonable one. This latest plot caused all of Jerusalem to
shudder:"JERUSALEM --The attempted terrorist bombing of Islam's
third-holiest sight has created aftershocks in Jewish and Arab sectors of
this city, releasing a collective shudder at the thought of what might have
happened if the golden-topped Dome of the Rock or the silver-domed Al-Aksa
mosque had been destroyed by dynamite. . .

A week ago Friday, six to eight intruders armed with at least 30 pounds of
explosives and 22 Israeli army-issue hand grenades scaled the outer wall
before dawn and sipped under the cover of a cloud sky onto the compound
that contains the mosques. They headed toward the Dome of the Rock.

An unarmed Moslem guard noticed them and alerted Israeli police, who chased
them off. The intruders left behind explosives, ropes, ladders and
knapsacks. Palestinian sources claim that the amount of dynamite left was
nearly 10 times what police have reported.

No suspects have been arrested, but police commander Yehoshua Caspi told a
parliamentary committee Tuesday that he is convinced Jewish extremists had
plotted the attack. . .

'There would have been riots and mass murder,' said a dental technician in
Jewish West Jerusalem, reflecting the concern that has spread throughout
the city. 'And you know, I wouldn't have blamed the Arabs. What would we do
if Arab fanatics blew up the Western (Wailing) Wall?'

The aborted attack, media reports of which were censored for nearly two
days, sparked isolated riots in Nablus and a nearby refugee camp on the
West Bank. Arab commentators elsewhere in the Middle East claimedthat if
the bombing had been successful, it would have started a new jihad, or holy
war, against Israel.

'It would have been the disaster of the decade,' said Bishara Bahbah, the
new editor in chief of East Jerusalem's Al-Fajr newspaper.

The incident has renewed a call for more protection for Jerusalem's
religious sites.

Police have not arrested anyone in those attacks, during which a Moslem
clergyman and a Christian nun were injured. Anonymous callers have claimed
responsibility on behalf of a group calling itself Terror Against Terror.

'Sometimes I can accept these things as isolated acts for extremist
purposes,' said Nazmi Ju'beh, curator of the Islamic Museum near the Dome
of the Rock, 'but this is happening in an organized way, and the government
isn't doing anything.'

Police patrols have been stepped up since the foiled attack, and officials
said they are planning new electronic surveillance around the 30-acre
plateau that occupies the entire southeast corner of the walled Old City of
Jerusalem.

Many Jerusalem residents believe that the attempted bombing is connected
with increasing pressure from Jewish nationalist extremists to be allowed
to pray on the compound , where the ancient Temple stood"

This threat to the peace of the city and the security of the Temple Mount
was further complicated by claims in the press that money for the assault
on the Mount was provided by Christian sources.

Not the Last Attempt

After the foiled attempt the Jerusalem Temple Foundation issued the
following statement:

"The latest attempted assault on the Temple Mount will not be the last as
long as the present injustice prevails. Police and soldiers and violence
and barbed wire could be dispensed with, and peace reign if one simple
basic condition were fulfilled - namely freedom of worship for all faiths
on the Temple Mount as provided by Israeli law and as confirmed by the high
court of Israel. The rule of Israeli law must be observed and upheld."

Arrests and Convictions

Yehuda Cohen, one of the members of the assault group was sentenced to one
and one half years of prison for his part in the conspiracy. Cohen
confessed to scouting the security arrangement of the Temple Mount as his
part in blowing up the Dome of the Rock. He later expressed remorse over
his actions. The judge, Ezra Hedaya, stressed the gravity of the crime.

I won't exaggerate if I say that the aim of the conspiracy - to blow up the
Dome of the Rock, holy to many millions of Moslems around the world is
shocking, and constitutes a threat to public order and endangers the
public. Who knows what would have been the consequences of the conspiracy."


Claims by the Islamic Council

"Jerusalem (UPI) --The Islamic Council in occupied East Jerusalem Wednesday
said Israel is resuming controversial Temple Mount archeological
excavations and charged the digging is destroying foundations of Moslem
structures. A spokesman for the Council, who asked not to be identified,
said foreign diplomatic missions were asked to intervene to stop the
digging at Judaism's holies site, where the Islamic shrines of Al-Aksa and
Dome of the Rock also stand. ..

Sheik Saad-Eddin Alami, head of the Supreme Islamic Council, the highest
religious body for east Jerusalem and the occupied West Bank, charged
Tuesday that excavations continued despite Islamic objections. . .

Israeli officials denied they have renewed excavation work, and said people
seen at the site are merely stationed as observers.

They said the actual digging, undertaken by the Ministry for Religious
Affairs in a tunnel along the northern section of the Temple Mount's
Western Wall, was stopped in early April following appeals by Prime
Minister Yitzhak Shamir and Jerusalem Mayor Teddy Kollek.

The excavations have been in dispute since October 1981, when Old City
Arabs clashed with authorities as diggers veered eastward toward the Dome
of the Rock Mosque, the legendary site of the prophet Mohammed's ascent to
heaven.

The eastward dig was sealed off at the time, but continued in other directions.

A leader of the Islamic Council, Adnan Husseini, told United Press
International 'something is going on again down there in the tunnel.'

He said he and his fellow engineers have been barred from approaching the
excavation site.

Husseini said he was 'very concerned over the ongoing underground
activity.' He said he could hardly cope with the damage already caused to
five Islamic structures straddling the dig."

Sheikh Sa'ad Din Alami, the head of the Islamic Supreme Council for the
Waqf and Islamic Holy places, reacted in the following manner to various
journalists concerning Jewish attempts to regain the Temple Mount:

"The Temple Mount belongs to Moslems. Moslems only hate the Jew as a ruler.
The Jews are free to believe that the Temple Mount is sacred to them, but I
think that it is holy to met. To permit them a corner for prayer is against
the Koran."

"There are no Jewish remains on the Mount. There never were Jewish
antiquities here."

"They must know that this is a mosque and they cannot pray in a mosque with
a Sefer Torah."

>From these responses it is clear that the Moslems officially disdain any
>attempts by the Jews (or Christians) to have a presence on the Mount.

A Secret Weapons Cache

Members of the Knesset, the Israeli government, have from time to time
accused the Arabs of stashing arms on Temple Mount. Access to the entire
area of the Southeastern corner of the Mount is strictly forbidden to all
but the Moslem guards. This area below which are vaulted rooms known as
Solomon's stables, are reportedly an arms dump for Arab terrorist groups.
There have been outcries from many Jews that the government investigate
this allegation and take action.

On January 8, 1986 a group of Israel Parliament (Knesset) members including
those who believe that the Jews have a right to pray upon the Temple Mount
gathered to investigate charges that arms were being stored beneath the
Dome of the Rock and that archaeological sites were being destroyed.
Because of the growing number of Jews who wish to rebuilt the Temple, it is
believed that Moslems were systematically destroying any evidence of the
previous Temples.

When the group of Knesset members reached Solomon's stables on their
official tour they were informed that no cameras were allowed below the
ground. Assuming the Moslems had something to hide, the Israeli officials
then demanded to be allowed to take their cameras with them. The Moslem
authorities confronted the delegation and an altercation broke out. Atop a
Moslem minaret, a loudspeaker announced that the Jews were attempting to
commandeer the Temple Mount. A near riot occurred and the legislators
decided to leave.

They returned six days later with one member reading aloud from Psalm 123
and others praying aloud. This caused another disturbance of the peace. An
Arab delegate in Morocco responded to this event by calling for Islamic
countries to "wage a jihad (holy war) in all its forms until Jerusalem is
liberated."

More Flag Waving at Gate

Following the visit of the Knesset member to the Mount, three young people
hoisted an Israeli flag over the Mograbi Gate of the Temple Mount. The flag
was flying for about three minutes before they were arrested by police
officers who removed the flag. The demonstrators were arrested for civil
disturbance.

A local Sheik reacted to the visits of the Knesset members:

"I condemn these actions in the strongest possible terms and demand that
the keys be returned to the Waqf immediately, that the police be reminded
that the Mosque is an Islamic holy shrine, whose gates only Moslems are
entitled to open or seal off, and that the army and border police be
forbidden to enter the Mosque area. Thousands of years ago, the Jews built
a temple which was subsequently destroyed. During the period of the second
Caliph, Omar Ben Khatab, a mosque was built on the southern part of the
yard of Al-Aksa Mosque. At that time, there were neither temples for the
Jews, nor churches for the Christians on the site and no building was
destroyed.

Historically, there is no proof that Al-Aksa or the Dome of the Rock were
built on the grounds of Solomon's Temple, although the Jews claim that the
Temple originally stood on this site. The Moslems have been in charge of
this piece of land for 14 centuries now and the Jews have no right to
advocate the destruction of our mosques because they want to rebuild
Solomon's Temple.

It is impossible for any Jew to be allowed to pray in the grounds of the
Al-Aksa Mosque. They will have to kill all the Moslems before they can pray
there unhindered."

Originally the Ottoman government designated a specific place on the Mount
from which police could ensure the security of the Mosque. The British and
later the Jordanians and the Israelis later used the same place as a police
center. Then, the Israeli police were joined by border police. Following
our protests, it was decided that the border police should merely man the
doors of the Mosque area and would not actually wander in the grounds
themselves, but this decision has subsequently been ignored, unfortunately.


The Islamic Council asked the Waqf to form a guard unit to protect the
Mosque area day and night and survey all those entering. These guards have
the authority to prohibit any non-Moslem from praying in the Mosque, and if
necessary to use force in order to ensure that these rules are adhered to.

Yet Another Riot

In October 1990, when the Crisis in the Persian Gulf between the Allied
Forces and Iraq was heating up an incident took place on the Temple Mount
that caught the attention of the world. The Temple Mount Faithful marched
on the Mount and unfurled a banner denouncing the Moslem presence. New
reports erroneously said that the were Jews attempting to lay a foundation
stone for the Third Temple on the Temple Mount. They marched from toward
the Temple but were stopped by the Israeli authorities.

In the wake of the riot 22 Palestinians were killed. The United Nations
censured Israel for overreacting to the incident. The United States,
wishing to keep together the fragile coalition with Arab states against
Iraq, voted against Israel. There was no censure of the Palestinians who
started the riot.

Newsweek reported on the bloody clash that left over twenty Palestinians dead:

"Last weeks clash was only the most bloody of several incidents in recent
years in which young Arabs, rocks in hand, have rushed to ward off Jewish
'attack.' Their religious leaders teach that those who die defending the
Noble Sanctuary go immediately to heaven. 'If we give up one centimeter, if
we let them place even one toe [on the mount] it will be the end of our
holy places,' said Muhammad Watani, a resident of the Old City. 'It will be
easier for us to die first.' To Muslims, the deaths last week only deepened
the sanctity of a place both faiths have long associated with glorious
redemption and epic destruction."



Newsweek also said it was:

"...a cycle of misunderstanding: following rumors of a Jewish "invasion,"
Palestinian youth rushed Israeli police on Al Aqsa plaza. When the police
killed an Arab, the Palestinians replied with rocks, scattering worshipers
at the Western Wall below. Enraged Israeli's fought back with live
ammunition killing 21."

This is what was commonly reported. But is that what really occurred?
Mortimer Zuckerman, Editor-in-Chief of U.S. News and World Report, tells a
different story:

"The impression given to the world is that the Palestinians assembled at
the Al Aksa Mosque in order to confront a small band of Jewish Zealots, the
Temple Mount Faithful, who have been intent on establishing a third Jewish
temple on the Temple Mount. It is true the group planned a march---marches
in previous years have been non-violent---but there was no march of the
Faithful on the fateful Sunday. The Supreme Court of Israel had banned the
demonstration. The Muslim Council, Wakf, a kind of mini-Vatican
organization that the Israelis permit to rule the Muslim holy places on the
Temple Mount, was informed of the Supreme Court ruling. All the Arab
language newspapers in Jerusalem had published news stories about the
Court's ban several days earlier, at the request of Israeli authorities.
These efforts to keep the peace were frustrated because on the night before
this holy day of Judaism, Palestinian-Arab activists recruited thousands of
Arabs to come to this holy place where some 20,000 Jewish pilgrims - not
the faithful zealots - would be praying on the adjacent plaza some 40 feet
below the Western Wall.

Present on that day, in the mosque, was Faisal Husseini, a key Palestine
Liberation Organization intifada leader, who is normally not seen at the
mosque on a day that is not a special day of prayer for the Muslims. But
not present on that day were the Wakf security personnel who had been
surreptitiously withdrawn from the area between the gates, at the Western
edge of the Mount that overlooked the Western Wall and the Jewish pilgrims
gathering before it. Forty feet above them, the Arab youths assembled and
did what they had been gathered to do. They rioted."


Summary: The Temple Mount Remains a Volatile Issue

Even though the Temple Mount has been regained and is officially part of
the State of Israel, it is still being profaned as far as the God of Israel
is concerned. When the Mount fell into Jewish hands after the Six Day War,
Israel took the Western Wall Area but left administration of the Mount to
the Muslim Council of Elders. Israel also banned Jewish worship. The
secular Jews did not care and many of the Orthodox Jews believe that the
Third Temple would have to await the arrival of the Messiah. These issues
remain stalemated to the present day.


Visit Lambert's Website: http://www.best.com/~dolphin...tons of great
links, apologetics and general resources for the battle.


**************

"YE ARE THE TEMPLE OF GOD"
by Nancy Missler

(From the a series of articles appearing in Personal Update, the Newsletter
of Koinonia House. This particular article appeared in November 1993)

The greatest and most important commandment in the whole Bible is Matthew
22:37, "Thou shalt love (agapao) the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and
with all thy soul, and with all thy mind." Jesus goes on to say in Luke
10:28, that if we love God this way we shall "live" and have that "abundant
life" He promises.

In our previous newsletter articles on "Loving God," we have shared that to
love (agapao) God means to totally give ourselves over to Him. It means not
only to obey Him and trust Him, but also to follow Him. God wants us to
follow Him so closely that we become "one" with Him -- having one will and
one life.

Over the next several months [possibly reprints are available from
K-House], we will explore exactly what it means to love God with all our
heart, with all our mind and with all our soul. In other words, we'll learn
how to become "one" with Him in each of these areas.

(Note: the Greek word for "mind" in the Great Commandment is dianoya.
Properly translated, dianoya means "will power" (or volition) and not mind
at all. The proper Greek word for mind is nous. Nous refers to our "whole
process of thinking," something totally different than will or willpower.
From now on, whenever I refer to this Commandment, I will always call
dianoya "will or willpower" (rather than mind) in order to avoid further
confusion.

I believe, then, this Commandment should read: Love God with all our heart
(kardia), with all our soul (psyche), and with all our willpower (dianoya).


When I began exploring the concepts Spirit, Heart, Will and Soul, I was
told, "Don't bother to study and research these things because the words
mean the same thing." That response bothered me because I believe God is
very specific in His instructions to us. I believe every word, every
sentence, and even every period in the Bible means something very precise.

If God says, "Love Me with all your heart" (kardia), He means something
very specific; and if He says "Love Me with all your willpower" (dianoya),
He means something else very specific; and if He says, "Love Me with all
your soul"

I believe Paul is making an analogy, a comparison, a sirrilitude here in
these two Scriptures by saying, "Our body (itself) is a temple" and that
temple (our body) is now the dwelling place of the Holy Spirit (Jesus even
refers to His own Body as a temple in Mark 14:58).

The Temple of Solomon

In the Old Testament, the Shekinah Glory (which was God's Spirit) used to
dwell in the physical Temple of Solomon in Jerusalem. Now, however,
Scripture tells us that God's Spirit dwells in "temples made without
hands." Namely, us!

I believe Paul is saying that there is a correlation between Solomon's
Temple in Jerusalem, that used to be the dwelling place of God's Spirit,
and our bodies that now the dwelling place of God.

I believe he is saying that in some mystical way, Solomon's Temple in
Jerusalem is a model (or a blueprint, or a type, or an example) of a
"believer indwelt by the Holy Spirit."

The reason I refer to Solomon's Temple is because it was special. Solomon's
Temple was the only Temple of the three (Herod's Nehemiah's and Ezekiel's)
where all the detailed plans -- not only of the construction of the Temple,
but also of all the furniture of the Temple -- were given to David by the
Spirit of God (see 1 Chronicles 28:12,19). No other Temple could boast of
this!

It was also the only Temple in which God's Spirit dwelt permanently until
the Temple was actually destroyed.

Lastly, the reason Solomon's Temple was so special is that it was the only
Temple in which the Ark of the Covenant rested. None of the other Temples
had the Ark.

Thus, in order for us to understand ourselves better, we are going to
compare our bodies (as the Temple of God now), to the actual layout and
stucture of Solomon's Temple way back in Jerusalem. And by doing so, we are
going to gain a better understanding of exactly what our spirit is, what
our heart is, what our willpower is, what our soul is, and what our body
is.

The Temple as a model of man is not a new idea; Charles Scofield (of
Scofield Bible fame) wrote a book way back in 1915 called New Life in
Christ, in which the same ideas are expressed. The "Blueprint" of Man (the
Misslers put a real neat chart together for this, sorry it can't be
included here)

I believe the Holy of Holies is analogus to a believer's new spirit
(pneuma); the Holy Place represents his new heart (kardia); the Porch
(including the Pillars), is analogus to his new supernatural willpower or
volition (dianoya).

The secret, hidden, wooden chambers around the main santuary, I believe,
represent a believer's subconscious -- the unconscious part of his soul
(heder); the Inner Court, representing the conscious part of his soul
(psyche); and the Outer Court, representing his body (soma).

In the next few Newsletters, we will go over each of these terms: spirit,
heart, willpower, soul and body. First, we will get the "overall picture"
as to what each of these areas are. Then, we will explore in detail what it
means to love God with each.

Our New Spirit (pneuma)

In a born-again believer (one who has asked Jesus to take con trol of his
life), the Spirit that now dwells at the core of our being is not our "old"
human spirit, it's a totally new spirit given to us at our new birth.
That's exactly what being "born again" actually means.John 3:3 says "...
unless a man be born again, he cannot see (know intimately) the Mngdom of
God." "That which is born of the flesh, is flesh; that which is born of the
Spirit is Spirit." (John 3:6)

Being "born-again" means receiving a totally new life source or power
source. It is now God Himself (the Father, Son and Holy Spirit) dwelling in
us. God has united our spirit with His and we have become one spirit with
Him.

1 Corinthians 6:17 says, "...he that is joined unto the Lord is one spirit
(with Him)."

God's Spirit is now the new energy source (or the new power source) that is
going to create new life within us.

Our New Heart (kardia)

Our heart, then, is the actual place where this "new life" is created,
started or brought into new existence by God's Spirit.

The Hebrew Word for create is bara. Bara means to create something out of
nothing, to make alive or to bring into new existence something that wasn't
there before (something brand new). In Psalms 51:10 it says, "Create in me
a clean heart, 0 God" (i.e. make something brandnew, something that wasn't
there before).

God says in Ezekiel 36:26-27, "A new heart also will I give (create in)
you, and a new spirit will I put within you; and I will take away the stony
heart (old heart) out of your flesh, and I will give you a heart of flesh
(a new living heart)."

This new heart, then, is not the old one simply changed or renewed, but it
is a totally "new" heart (something that wasn't there before)!

When we are born spin, we not only get a "new" spirit, but we also receive
a brand new heart. In other words, God replaces our "old" human heart life
(our human love and our human thoughts) with His brand-new heart life:
God's supernatural Love (Agape) and His supernatural Thoughts (sophia).

Romans 5:5 says, "...the Love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the
Holy Ghost which is given unto us." And "I will write them (my laws, my
thoughts) in their hearts: and I will be to them a God, and they shall be
to Me a people." (Hebrews 8:10)

Our "new" heart is God's supernatural Life in us. It is Christ in us, our
hope of glory (Colossians 1:27). Our new heart is the very "nature" of God
Himself.

This is why we speak of our heart as being the center core or the
foundation of our whole person. Thus, this is why it is such a critical
area for us to understand. In many commentaries and books about the makeup
of man, the "heart" seems to be an area that is very confusing and often
overlooked. And yet, there are more Scriptures about our hearts than any
other part of our body. Because of the number of ScriptureE; about our
hearts, I believe God has validated this as a desperately important area,
and one we must not overlook.

Scripture tells us that only God can "see" our hearts. Thus, He is the only
one who really knows "who belongs to Him," and "who does not."

Our "Old" Human Heart

I see our "old heart" as the old man that Paul says in Romans 6:6 "is
crucified" when we become born again. "Knowing this, that our old man is
crucified with Him, that the body of sin might be destroyed..."

Once we are born again however, that "old man" is positionally dead. He no
longer has any power over us. In his place is a new heart, "Christ in us."

Scripture tells us that our old, human heart (the "old man") before being
born again (before receiving God's Spirit) is evil and corrupt from birth.
This old heart will always be self centered, proud and going it's own way.
It will never, on it's own, seek God.

Genesis 8:21 tells us why, "...for the imagination (purposes) of man's
(old) heart is evil from birth."

Even in the New Testament, wherever the evilness of the heart is mentioned,
it is always "before" the Spirit of God comes to dwell within the person
permanently.

Mark 7:21 says, "...out of the (old, human) heart of men proceed evil
thoughts, adulteries, fornications, murders, etc."

Jeremiah 17:9 goes on to tell us that not only is our old, human heart (old
man) "deceitful above all things and desperately (incurably) wicked," but
"no one can even understand it!"

This means that without God's Spirit interceding (without being bom again),
we ourselves will not be able to understand our hearts. We won't be able to
understand the things we naturally think, feel and choose to do.

This explains why so many people, after spending thousands upon thousands
of dollars in psychiatric sessions, are not finding the answers they so
desperately want. The reason is right here in Jeremiah 17:9, "No one can
understand the wickedness of our (old, human) hearts."

Even if we could understand the corruptness of our old hearts, this
Scripture goes on to tell us the worst part of all -- no one knows how to
cure it. In other words, without God's intervention in our hearts, there's
no hope for any change! There is no remedy!

God is telling us that our nature, before His Spirit intervenes, is
basically corrupt and evil. We are not bae;ically good, as so many want to
think and believe. This is why we are in such desperate need to be "born
again:" not only to receive a "new" Spirit, but also a "new" heart, so new
life itself can come forth through us.

2 Corinthians 5:17 validates this. "If any man be in Christ, he is a new
creature: old things are passed away; behold, all things are become new."
We now have a brand new energy source (our spirit) and a brand-new heart
(filled now with God's supernatual Love and Wisdom).

An Example

There is a wonderful story I love to share about the "new nature" God gives
us when we are born-again.

Several years ago, as I was ministering in Australia, a lady came up and
told me a true story about some friends of hers.

The husband had always been very jealous of his wife. Over some incident
(which I can't recall exactly), he exploded and literally tried to kill his
wife. He was put in jail. But he escaped, and while his wife was
recouperating in the hospital, he once again tried to kill her. In a fit of
rage, he repeatedly tried to rip her large wedding ring off her finger. In
the process, he bent the ring completely out of shape.

God's Life in our Hearts

Again, he was caught. Only this time, he was put in a maximum security
prison. During the years he was there, someone shared Christ with him. He
accepted God into his heart, became bom-again and received God's new life
within him.

At that particular time, someone sent him the Agape tapes. (Can you
imagine? From a Newport Beach, California housewife to a prisoner in
Sidney, Australia! God's Ways certainly are not our ways!)

Through the tapes, God revealed to this man that he was a "new creation" in
Christ, and that he now had God's supernatural Love within him to give out.
The man's life began to be transformed, and he became devoted to the Word
and to showing forth Christ's life.

Some months later, he was released from jail and he looked up his ex-wife.
After a period of time (I'm sure she was very leary of him), he lead her to
Christ. They were eventually remarried and now she wears that old, broken,
bent-out-of-shape wcdding ring around her neck as a symbol of their new
life in Christ.

"If any man be in Christ, he is a new creature, old things are passed away;
behold ALL things have become new (brand-new Love, brand-new Thoughts, and
brand-new Power)."

The "old" heart, then, which Scripture tells us is evil from birth, is
totally replaced by a brand-new heart when we are born again by God's
Spirit. The Life that is now in our hearts (if we are bom again) is totally
pure, totally incorruptible and completely holy because it is now God's
Life in our hearts and not our own. This again is "Christ in us, the hope
of glory." (Colossians 1:27)

When I first taught the Way of Agape years ago, I thought our hearts were
still basically evil (even after we were born again) and that our hearts
were transformed only by our making the right choices. I was wrong! It's
not our hearts that need to be transformed anymore, that was done at our
new birth. It's our lives, our souls, that are in such desperate need of
transformation. The only life that now exists in our hearts, if we are born
again, is God's incorruptible Life. We just need to learn how to let it
out!

1 Peter 3:4 says, "But let it be the hidden man of the heart (God's Life in
us), in that which is not corruptible..." The new heart is now the center
core, the essential incorruptible nature and true essence of our being.
Upon this foundation everything else is going to be built and all
continuing activity will depend.

**************

Prophe-Zine News Bytes

I'm not a golfer, in fact I was just surfin' the Net when I caught this
site...I guess it just comes under the heading of ...
different!	http://www.ecs.net/golf/England/Cambridgeshire/ukgchbe.html

Chris (aka the new guy on the block)

++++++++++++++

Fall Prophecy Conference
From: RSmith1996@aol.com

1st Annual  DETROIT, MICHIGAN FALL PROPHECY CONFERENCE

Friday And Saturday Evening--October 18 & 19 ALLEN PARK MUNICIPAL AUDITORIUM

16850 SouthField Road, Allen Park, Michigan

Featured speakers---both nights:

Terry L. Cook -  666 Mark of the Beast Technology  Author and Ex-LA Deputy
Sheriff reveals the latest developments on the Mark of the Beast--Lucifer's
coming Identification system--and how the Internet will be used to
electronically enslave the population of the earth.

Gary H. Kah -    The Coming Global Government Former high-level government
official and best-selling author of two books "En Route to Global
Occupation" and "The Demonic Roots of Globalism will discuss the plan to
create a one world global government by the year 2000.

Joyce Riley -    Biological Warfare and the Gulf War US Air Force Reserve
captain and registered nurse uncovers the plot to reduce the population and
weaken United States military capabilities through laboratory created
biruses and bacteria which were tested during the Persian Gulf War.

Steven C. Wright -  Weather Weapons of the New World Order Ex-Bible college
professor, researcher and conference speaker shows evidence that the
ecological disasters, (floods, drought, hailstorms, hurricanes, tornadoes
etc.) We are now witnessing could be created by weather warfare technology
to force us into accepting a New World Order.

DOORS OPEN AT 5 PM

Advanced tickets 2 nights-only $20 each  $35 per couple (Children 16 &
under w/parent-free!)

Tickets at the door........... $25 each..$40 per couple

Send check, cash, or MO and a self addressed stamped envelope to:
LIGHT WARRIOR PRESS LTD
P.O. Box 7017
Sterling Heights, MI 48311-7017

Visa/MC/Amex/Discover payment possible by phone.
For More Information call---1-810-566-7799

Sponsored by The Light Warrior Broadcast (Sat. @ 4-5:30PM 1500am)  And
Christian Radio 1500 WLQV

+++++++++++++++

Editor Note:
Our friend Lee Underwood really does a great job of gathering news about
Israel and has agreed to contribute regular news feeds.  We want to let him
know how much we appreciate this so we are going to treat him as a regular
staff member, writer, contributor, whatever and give him his own by-line.
Be sure to visit his Website and email him questions or a note of
encouragement/thanks.

ISREAL IN THE NEWS

F.Y.I. - Week Ending: September 28, 1996/Tishri 15, 5757
By: Lee Underwood
email:  mbi@digital.net
website:  http://www.inet-images/fellowship/fyi.htm

"Thus says the Lord, 'Behold, I will restore the fortunes of the tents of
Jacob and have compassion on his dwelling places; and the city will be
rebuilt on its ruin, and the palace shall stand on its rightful place.'"
Jeremiah 30.18

VIOLENCE ERUPTS IN ISRAEL:  Hundreds of Arabs on the Temple Mount in
Jerusalem's Old City began attacking Jewish worshipers on Tuesday. The
Arabs threw stones down at the Jews who were praying at the Western Wall
below. The attack was blamed on the opening of a new entrance to a tunnel
next to the Western Wall. This touched-off fighting all across the land for
several days. As of Saturday, 14 Israelis, 56 Palestinians and two
Egyptians have been killed. In addition, hundreds of Israelis and
Palestinians were injured. There were riots, roadblocks, disturbances, and
attacks against civilian Jewish vehicles throughout Judea, Samaria and
Gaza. A "State of Emergency" has been declared throughout the area by
Defense Minister Yitzchak Mordechai. Galei Tzahal reports Saturday that the
Israel Defense Force (IDF) has positioned tanks in "sensitive" places
throughout Judea, Samaria and Gaza.  This includes Ram'Allah, Shechem, and
Gaza. The IDF Spokesman also stated that "open fire" orders for the tanks
were given, should the situation demand such action. OC Central Command,
Maj.-Gen. Uzi Dayan also explained that although the situation now is one
of relative quiet, this can change in an instant requiring swift decisive
action. "What happened prior to Yom Kippur (1973 War) will not happen
again." Dayan was referring to Israel being caught off guard prior to the
war.

The Holy Site of Joseph's Tomb in Shechem was badly damaged by rioting
Arabs on Thursday. IDF troops managed to rescue the Torah Scrolls from the
burning site, but the Holy Books and many other religious articles were
destroyed in the blaze set by the rioters. The damage to the religious site
is said to be extensive. Six IDF soldiers died in the defense of the Holy
Site. The site is now again under Jewish control. Meanwhile, two noted
Jewish philanthropists have announced that they will be donating $100,000
towards the refurbishment of the Od Yosef Chai study hall and synagogue
located at the Tomb that was destroyed in the Palestinian attack. The two
are dedicating the funds for rebuilding, acquisition of new furnishings,
and towards the repair of the Torah scrolls and holy books that were
damaged. Extensive damages estimated at hundreds of thousands of dollars,
were caused in the battle.

The Security Cabinet met Thursday night for six hours.  Prime Minister
Netanyahu stated there will be absolutely no compromise regarding the
Hasmonean Tunnel or Joseph's Tomb. The Government Ministers blamed the
Palestinian Authority (PA) and its military forces for gross violations of
the Interim Agreements and for acting in an irresponsible fashion. Danny
Nave added the government stated the actions of the PA forces jeopardize
the future of the piece talks between Israel and the PA. Israel calls the
PA back to the negotiating table without any preconditions. Following the
lengthy government meeting, the Spokesman for PM Netanyahu, Government
Secretary Danny Nave, stated the Tunnel will not be closed by the
government. Minister of Internal Security Kahalani explained the tunnel was
closed Friday as it will be the policy to close it on every Friday, in a
move to accommodate Moslem worshipers.
(SNS, IMRA, Jerusalem Post, AP, Channel 2 TV News, Arutz Sheva, ZINC, VOA)

BACKGROUND OF THE TUNNEL:  The Hasmonean Tunnel near the Temple Mount area
was originally dug out some 2,200 years ago. It brought water from the area
near the Damascus Gate to the Temple Mount. It was first rediscovered in
1870 by Charles Warren but its entrance was refilled. The Israel Ministry
of Religious Affairs reopened it in 1987-88. At that time, there were
reports of the Wakf offices being threatened (at the point where the Kotel
[Western Wall] Tunnel links up with the Hasmonean Tunnel) but after intense
engineering efforts, no further problems have been heard. The 534-yard
tunnel runs along the Western Wall.  It has been excavated over the last 12
years and has had only one entrance, near the Western Wall plaza. The new
exit opens onto the Via Dolorosa in the Old City's Moslem Quarter. Very
little work was necessary to open the exit, as the excavations have been
complete for some time. The path it traces was at ground level when King
Herod's rebuilt Second Temple was razed by theRomans in the first century
but was covered by successive layers of construction and debris in the
nearly two millennia since. The tunnel has been nearly finished for years
and already was open to tourists by appointment with a guide. Contrary to
Muslim claims, the tunnel does not run under the Temple Mount but rather
alongside it. It also poses no danger to the foundations of the Al-Aqsa
mosque and Dome of the Rock shrine on the Temple Mount, as it is no more
than a re-excavation of ancient halls and tunnels dating from the Maccabean
and Roman eras.

According to Amnon Lorch of the East Jerusalem Development Corporation, the
decision to use the Via Dolorosa end as an exit was due to Palestinian
interests that more tourists would be directed from the Western Wall and
the Jewish Quarter into the Moslem Quarter where many Arab-owned shops are
located. Lorch said that among the first people allowed into the tunnel
through the new opening were officials from the Wakf, the Moslem authority
which maintains Islamic holy sites including those on the Temple Mount.

The Jerusalem Post reports that, according to an official in the Israeli
Prime Minister's Office, the opening of the exit was agreed to in January
in a deal between Israel's then-Labor government and the Palestinian
Authority. According to the agreement, Moslems would be allowed to pray at
the area known as Solomon's Stables on the Temple Mount, in exchange for
Israel's opening the tunnel exit. Israel has kept its side of the deal, but
has only now opened the tunnel's new exit. The Wakf reneged on their
agreement and worse, began construction in the area of Solomon's Stables
[see F.Y.I. 9-21-96 and story below-ed.], thereby threatening ancient
Jewish remnants with destruction or being covered over. (SNS, IRIS)


PA POLICE IN THE MIDDLE OF ACTION: In Ramallah, PLO police did nothing to
stop the violence aimed at IDF troops on Wednesday. Later on in the day,
they participated in attacks against IDF troops with live automatic weapons
fire. The Ministerial Committee on National Security Affairs held a special
emergency meeting Thursday night which lasted six hours, Kol Yisrael
reported. A communique released at the conclusion of the meeting stated,
"The shooting on the part of the Palestinian Police and the incitement to
violence constitutes a severe violation of the Interim Agreements, and
their continuation will place the continuation of the piece process at
risk." The government called for the renewal of the political piece
negotiations without preconditions. At the conclusion of the meeting, PM
Netanyahu spoke with PA Chairman Arafat and told him that Palestinian
Police gunfire is intolerable and must be stopped immediately.  (SNS,
Israel Line)


WARNINGS OF IMPENDING VIOLENCE: According to IDF Chief of Staff, Lt.-Gen.
Amnon Lipkin Shachak, the violence in Ram'Allah was not spontaneous in
nature. Shachak stated it was definitely a planned operation that did not
"just happen." In fact, Galei Tzahal reports that, in an interview with the
German Der Spiegal magazine, Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak warned of a
renewal of the Arab Intifada and increased violence against Israeli
targets, due to the policies of the Netanyahu government.

According to a Channel 2 TV News report, the Hamas and Islamic Jihad
organizations have called for additional bloodshed. The Islamic Jihad
stated that following the recent Israeli actions, it feels justified in
carrying out terrorist attacks against Israeli targets. A Hamas Spokesman
warned of plans to carry out another bombing attack in Israel. Security
officials are taking both  threats in a most serious fashion. (SNS)


ISRAELI CLARIFICATION: The Israel Foreign Ministry released a statement
clarifying the following issues concerning the newly re-opened Hasmonean
Tunnel:

* No archeological or religious sites, nor any other buildings, were
damaged or endangered in its construction.

* No private property was expropriated, condemned or otherwise confiscated
in order to accomplish this project.

* The restoration of the tunnel does not violate the Interim Agreement
between Israel and the Palestinians, as archeological restorations in
Jerusalem are not covered by the document.

* The tunnel runs the length of the Western Wall and allows pedestrians to
enter one of the oldest subterranean paths in Jerusalem from the Western
Wall plaza and exit onto the Via Dolorosa. No part of  the tunnel runs
underneath the Temple Mount.

* The opening of the tunnel will increase the access by tourists to the Via
Dolorosa from the Western Wall plaza - thereby benefiting Arab merchants in
the Moslem Quarter.
(Arutz Sheva)

COURT RULES IN FAVOR OF TEMPLE MOUNT FAITHFUL: A Supreme Court decision
Tuesday instructed representatives of the State and of the Jerusalem
Municipality to report the extent of the construction works being carried
out by the Waqf on the Temple Mount. The report must be submitted within a
week. The judges accepted the petition of Temple Mount Faithful members,
ruling that the announcement of the Municipality that "it is dealing with
the matter" is not sufficient. The construction is being carried out in
Urvot Shlomo (King Solomon's Stables), beneath the southern part of the
Temple Mount, in violation of the law and of the Oslo accords. The
Jerusalem Municipality representative expressed objections to the Temple
Mount Faithful petition. (Arutz Sheva)

SPEAKING OF JERUSALEM . . .: A senior member of the General Security
Service reported to the  Ministerial Committee on Jerusalem, that there is
a movement by the PA to expand their institutional activities in the city.
The PA recently declared Jerusalem and the Area "B" surrounding it to be a
Palestinian development area "A". There are Palestinian plans for massive
construction in East Jerusalem but financial problems are hurting the
program. Another senior security official noted the following developments:

* PA  security authorities threaten East Jerusalem residents.

* The preparation of the street - in particular the youth - for a renewal
of the intifada in Jerusalem.

* Conflict with Jordan over the control of the Islamic institutions and
holy properties in the city.

* Illegal activity by PA legislators in the city.
(IMRA)

ISRAELI-SYRIAN UPDATE: IDF Chief of Staff, Lt.-Gen.Amnon Lipkin Shachak
reported that Israel is ready on its Northern border. The IDF Chief stated
that if Syria was going to attack Israel, it would attempt to carry out a
surprise attack. The IDF Chief stated, "We are very well prepared regarding
our intelligence and it would be extremely difficult for Syria to carry out
any surprises against us."

Meanwhile, Galei Tzahal reports Syrian President el-Assad stated that
Israel must comply with agreements signed by the previous Labor government
under the auspices of the United States. Assad stated that PM Netanyahu is
not honoring the rights of the PA and Syria and is putting an end to the
piece process. In a CNN interview, Assad stated that it appears that PM
Netanyahu is attempting to block the path to piece.

In another story, in a translation of an article which appeared in the
September 26th issue of the Amman newspaper Sot Elmaraa, an informed
Palestinian sources revealed that a military agreement was signed these
days between the PA and the Syrian government. The agreement calls for the
two sides to act together in the case of a threat, in particular on the
Lebanese front, the area of conflict which includes a number of Arab states
and international elements. The sources emphasized, that it was reached
under Egyptian support.  Teheran was kept abreast of developments in order
to avoid a Syrian-Iranian conflict in south Lebanon. It is expected that
Iran will join the agreement after the completion of talks with the
Palestinian leadership, which has not had relations with the Iranian
government for years. The sources advised the newspaper's editors, that
among the principle points of the agreement the Syrians proposed to the
Palestinians via the Egyptians, that Palestinian units be reactivated on
the Lebanese front, in particular those stationed in South Lebanon.  The
intention here is especially for camps under Fatah leadership. The sources
emphasized, that the Syrian document was incredibly balanced, as it
emphasized that "the State of Syria will relate to the State of Palestine
on equal terms." According to the agreement, the two states will increase
their influence on Lebanon. There is also the need for the intervention of
forces from Arab states, who are already located there in order to thwart
the aggressive plans beyond the border, with the intention being Israel,
and a allusion to Iran, which controls the Hizb'Allah as it wishes in order
to enflame the Israel-Lebanon front. (Channel 1 TV News/SNS, IMRA)

IRANIAN MILITARY BUILDUP: Iran expects delivery of its third Russian-made
Kilo-class submarine within the six months, part of an ongoing naval
buildup in the key oil lanes of the Gulf, an Iranian newspaper reported
Monday. Iranian Rear Adm. Mohammad Hossein Shafii, Head of navy
coordination, was quoted in Jomhuri Islami Daily as saying that Iran was
building its own destroyer and conducting research on land, sea and air
missiles. Iran is believed to have acquired its first Kilo-class submarines
in 1992, and its second in 1993.  These announcements, along with other
recent indicators, are seen by ERRI military analysts as evidence of a
further arms build-up in the Gulf region and a possible threat to Gulf oil
shipping lanes by Iranian forces. Experts say that Iranian acquisitions
would appear to exceed any that they would need for self-defense. (SNS)

HEVRON DISPATCH: Hundreds of Arab rioters engaged IDF troops Tuesday in the
marketplace of Hevron, near the Jewish Quarter of the city. The Arabs have
been rioting over the past week, demanding the reopening of the marketplace
which borders the Jewish Quarter. The Hevron Jewish Community continues to
insist that opening the market would invite disaster. The IDF closed the
marketplace to ensure safe passage for Jewish residents in the area.

Two acid bottles were thrown at soldiers near Jewish houses adjacent to
Beit Hadassah in Hevron Wednesday morning. The bottles landed near a Succa.
No one was hurt. It should be noted that the Norwegian "Peace-keeping
Force" TIPH totally ignored this attack, but studiously covered the arrest
of an Arab demonstrator near the Avraham Avinu neighborhood. In the evening
Hevron Arabs threw stone blocks at Israeli soldiers near Ma'arat
HaMachpela. Israeli soldiers identified the house from which the attack
took place, but the perpetrators, residents of the Abu-Snenah
hillsoverlooking the Jewish neighborhoods, escaped. (SNS, Hevron Press
Office)

ON THE NORTHERN FRONT: Four IDF soldiers were injured moderately-seriously
in Tuesday's fighting in the Eastern Sector of the Security Zone of suthern
Lebanon. Two Hizb'Allah terrorists were killed in the fighting.  On
Wednesday, a day of heavy fighting was reported between Israeli troops and
Hizb'Allah terrorists in southern Lebanon. IDF warplanes attacked
Hizb'Allah targets in southern Lebanon and reported good hits. The
Commission reviewing the Grapes of Wrath agreement met today and has called
on Israel and Hizb'Allah to reach a cease-fire and to keep to the agreement
which ensures that civilians will not be used as a shield for offensive and
defensive actions. IDF soldiers and Hizb'Allah exchanged machine gun,
artillery and grenade fire Thursday in the southern Lebanon border zone,
Lebanese security sources said. (Galei Tzahal/SNS)

Note: The word "peace" is not misspelled in this document. When used in
conjunction with the Middle East process, it is correctly spelled
"piece"-ed.

+++++++++++++++++++++

Hal Lindsey Prophecy Conference
From: Lori Eldridge
lorel@on-ramp.ior.com

Hi All,

The following are quotes from the Hal Lindsey Prophecy Conference, in
Irvine Calif., (that is going on this weekend -- 9-28-96) regarding the
fighting in Israel this week over the Tunnel. (Please excuse any misspelled
names as I'm transcribing this from an audio tape.)

Hal Lindsey:

"One of the most important things going on in the world today is the
outbreak of violence again in Israel. . . But what's the meaning of it.
Very quickly. I believe  that Benjamin Netanyahu, the prime minister of
Israel, for the first time said it like it really is. And it has upset the
United States greatly, it has upset the West, it has upset the Palestinians
and the Muslim world. Now why is this? He called a spade a spade. What he
did was show that the tunnel that provoked is something that has been under
construction for years. Everyone knew about it. It was not secret. The
Muslims watched them everyday do it. So there was no danger to any Muslim
holy site. It was carefully constructed. They did not go over any buried
archaeological sites. They did not weaken the foundation of the Mosque Al
Aqsa.  None of this was the cause of the problem."

" What really happened, and Netanyahu pointed to it, is that the citation
was fanned into flames deliberately by the Muslim leaders in order to
provoke an incident so that through a rising level of tensions the media
would jump on it, began to, as they usually do, slant everything in favor
of the Palestinians, and then the world will demand for Israel to make
concessions which will put their whole survival in question and in grave
jeopardy. What Netanyahu said is that he's been willing to negotiate on
what they had agreed to in the Oslo accord. But what the Palestinians want
is not that. They're holding outfor the things they have mouthed abroad
through the media and said it was part of the Oslo agreement when it
wasn't. For instance, they have said that the agreement was to give them a
Palestinian state and control of Jerusalem. As a matter of fact the Oslo
agreement, not only doesn't say that, but it gives arguments against that
being the goal. But what they want to take their case, create their own
idea of what must be done -- the media says it so much that people begin to
believe that is what it must have been so that then they can force their
own version of the agreement to be concluded as the United States leads the
charge to force them into agreeing to this."

" Now, right now, I want to say that the United States better learn a
little about the history over there. The issue with Israel is not a
timetable we have set up by which they must give away territory that
jeopardizes their very existence. The issue with Isreal is survival. If
they give away what the Palestinians are saying they agreed to then they
will have a very short-lived existence, and as the pre-eminent intelligence
analysist of New England, Decoursey says, there will be a nuclear holocaust
in the Middle East within 5 years."

Grant Jefferey:

"I spent a lot of time in the tunnels, over the last 8 years. I've been
privileged to get into areas where no one, at that point, other than the
archaeologists, had been. And I can tell you, as someone who has been
there, that absolutely no Muslim sacred sight is endangered by this tunnel
whatsoever. The truth of the matter is that this tunnel comes out at a
place that would lead right into the Muslim quarter, right into the Suke,
the bazaar, where the Muslim shops are and it would greatly facilitate the
Palestinian economic renewal within the old city of Jerusalem. It was
thought by the Israeleis that this would be a wonderful thing to help out
the Palestinians who have suffered greatly over the last 10 years from
various general strikes, etc. This particular tunnel runs parallel to the
Western Wall where the Muslim sites, that are sacred to them, are down on
the South end of the Alaxa Mosque and of course the golden dome, the Dome
of the Rock, and it came not within even 500 yards of where they could even
possibly have undermined any of the foundations. You'd have to be
underneath the temple mount to see that it would take a nuclear bomb to
undermine those foundations."

"It is a false crisis created to focus the eyes of the world on Israel and
to make claims that would arouse the Palestinians. They believe that they
are facing now a hard bargainer in Benjamin Netanyahu and his government
who said we will give you "Peace for Peace." Not "Land for Peace" but
"Peace for Peace." If you want peace we'll give you peace and all that goes
with it. We will facilitate the economic infrastructure of the
Palestinians. We'll give you all the autonomy that is consistent with the
security of those peoples. And they realize that for the first time they
are faced with someone who would not continue to give up land while
succumbing to terrorist explosions week after week when the only penalty of
the Peres government was they said: "Well, we'll hold negotiations for
another 48 hours. That'll really teach you!" They've  recognized they have
a new situation. But I believe that this approach, thought there is going
to be some rough times ahead, is the most secure approach for Israel and is
the only hope for a real temporary peace until  Jesus Christ, the Prince of
Peace, comes and establishes Peace in the hearts of the Jews and the
Arabs."

God Bless,
Lori

++++++++++++++++

Big Brother Update

Lexis-Nexis Data Base
By: Chris Jewett

In case you've missed this one.  We've been hearing a lot about the
Lexis-Nexis Data Base which allegedly gives out SSN's, mother's maiden
names, addresses and, in general, a whole lot of personal information on
anyone who is queried by the legal types who use it.  In short, you are
probably in there.  Many are outraged.  Lexis-Nexis people say in ain't so.
It isn't so full of individual privacy information as has been reported.
Blah blah blah.  But, they will remove anyone from the database who asks.
Our friend John (email:  straffin@best.com) contributed this website url
--  http://138.12.4.44/lncc/p-trak/index.html/ -- and the caption  "Go
here, to remove your name from Lexis-Nexis database."  Thanks for the info,
John.

The technology is in place, folks, only one thing remains before it can
really be effective!

*****
Smart Card Update

Smart Card and Smart Crooks
By Chris Jewett

I read an article dated 27 September 1996, forwarded to us from one of our
fans which stated that if you get a smart card in the hands of a smart
crook, the rascal could tamper with it.  Seems the scientists at Bell
Communications Research have decided all any clever individual need do is
employ the likes of modern technology, i.e. a microwave oven and a hand
calculator, and he could load Ye Olde Smart Card full of counterfeit money
or other false info.

We know what kind of minds have developed the Smart Cards and it appears
great minds think alike.  The developers stated that while the study may
have indicated that a security breach is possible -- remotely possible, was
the term they admitted it would not be easy or cheap.

"The attack is highly theoretical," said Charles Watt, chief scientist at
SecureWare Inc., a developer of computer security systems. "It is also
highly  unlikely to succeed."

John Beric, head of security for Mondex International Ltd., a British
company that makes smart cards, said Mondex cards are immune from the type
of attack  envisioned by the Bell study., but welcomes all attack research.

The Smart Card Forum, representatives from 225 technology and financial
companies promoting  Smart Card usage in North America, said it "does not
believe  that this theoretical attack presents a real-world risk. Even if a
single card could be compromised, though (that is) unlikely, it would not
compromise an entire system or allow the production of counterfeit cards."

For those of you who don't know, smart cards are simply, plastic cards
embedded with silicon chips that have a memory, can communicate with
computers and can perform simple mathematical functions.

They were first developed in France and the cards are widely used in Europe
on telephone calling cards, electronic tokens for subways and buses, and on
credit and debit cards.

+++++++++++++++

WATCH: JERUSALEM
by Grover B. Proctor, Jr.
gproctor@cris.com

________________________________________________________________
What I say to you, I say to everyone: Watch! (Mark 13:37)
________________________________________________________________

PALESTINIAN OFFICES SAID TO STILL BE OPERATING ILLEGALLY IN JERUSALEM

Earlier in the summer, Israel's Likud government ordered the Palestinian
Authority (PA) to shut down four affiliated institutions that are operating
in PA-controlled East Jerusalem which are in violation of the peace
accords, and said that the progress of any future negotiations would depend
on these offices being closed. In the weeks and months since then,
something like a choreographed diplomatic dance has been played out while
each side seemingly is trying to wait out the other.

In its order, the Israelis stated that they have sufficient proof to show
that these offices (the Orient House, the Office of the Palestinian Mufti
on Temple Mount, the Ministry of Education, and the Bureau of Statistics)
are in "constant violation of the peace accords with Israel." PLO Minister
of Jerusalem Affairs Feisal Husseini countered that "Israel is starting the
battle of  Jerusalem" and denied that the PA was doing wrong. "We are not
doing anything in violation of the accords but if there is something, we
can sit and talk. The Israelis have many violations of the peace accords.
They can say Jerusalem is ours, non-negotiable and not be spoken about and
then they can say goodbye to the peace. There will be no peace with the
Palestinians, the neighbors, and we can return to the days of war."

Later in the summer, after the PA had given assurances to the Israeli govern
ment that the offices in question had been closed, constant reports out of
East Jerusalem showed that most if not all of them were still  operational.
Even Prime Minister Netanyahu, who had initially reported that the
Palestinians had complied with his demand, later had to partially back down
in an interview with Israeli television. "It could be that I was given
incorrect information on this matter. The matter is being looked into
again."

Another issue of concern to the possibility of peace and stability in
Jerusalem was reported this month in the newspaper "Ha'aretz," when it
reported  that approximately 100 apartments around Jerusalem have been
rented by Jabril Rajoub's Palestinian Authority security forces. According
to the newspaper's report, the apartments are being used as offices for
interrogations and other activities which are prohibited by the Oslo Peace
Agreements. Israeli security sources say that it has been difficult to get
hard information on Rajoub's activities, given the level of fear that his
organization has instilled in Jerusalem residents.

CALLS FOR ESTABLISHMENT OF PALESTINIAN STATE CONTINUE, DESPITE OPPOSITION

Palestinian leader Yassir Arafat continues to rouse audiences with speeches
indicating his intention in the near future to create an autonomous state
of  Palestine, with Jerusalem as its capital. According to the published
text of one of his most recent speeches, Arafat declared, "We will soon
declare the lands of the Palestinian State. I say to Israel that if they do
not carry out the agreement, we will have no other choice."

Where will the borders be if such a Palestinian state is declared? Feisal
Husseini, the senior Palestinian Authority (PA) official in Jerusalem, told
Syrian television that the "just boundaries" of a future Palestinian state
should be "the Jordan River and the Mediterranean Sea." In making the
provocative statement, which if fulfilled literally would mean the
destruction of the state of Israel, Husseini added that the PA would take
whatever could be gained through the current negotiations, but he predicted
that events in the next fifteen to twenty years would present the
opportunity to realize the full boundaries of Palestine.

Only days after these declarations, Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin
Netanyahu reiterated his position that there will not be establishment of a
Palestinian state, but an American poll of 1,260 Israeli homes, published
in the newspaper "Ma'ariv," noted that two-thirds of them supported the
formation of such a nation.

NEW THEORY SAYS SOLOMON'S TEMPLE WAS NOT ON TEMPLE MOUNT

A radical new theory on the location of the Solomonic Temple, sure to spark
controversy once it is subjected to scrutiny by historians and
archaeologists, has been proposed by Dr. Ernest L. Martin in a series of
reports published by his organization, the Associates for Scriptural
Knowledge. For over a thousand years, Martins admits, "there has not been
any serious scholar who has not accepted with unquestioned confidence that
the general area of the Dome of the Rock [on Temple Mount] is where Solomon
built his Temple and where those after the Babylonian Captivity built their
Temple that Herod later enlarged."

Nevertheless, Martin claims to have found evidence in the writings of the
4th century B.C. Greek philosopher Hecataeus of Abdera, whose writings
about Jerusalem were prized by Jewish historian Josephus, and other ancient
authorities (including the Dead Sea Scrolls), that the Temple of Solomon
and the post-exile second Temple of Zerubbabel were located approximately
one third of a mile south of the current Dome of the Rock, on a mountain
summit called the Ophel (adjacent to another mountain called the City of
David), directly above the Gihon Spring. In the time of Simon the Hasmonean
(2nd century B.C.), according to Martin, both the Second Temple and the
Ophel summit were razed to the ground and the Temple moved north to what is
now known as Temple Mount.  Martin's theory identifies the "Wicked Priest"
mentioned in the Dead Sea Scrolls as Simon, so called by the "Teacher of
Righteousness" and his Essene community because of his actions to move the
Temple.

Martin finds justification for his interpretation of Hecataeus'
descriptions in the writings of a 3rd century B.C. Egyptian Gentile named
Aristeas, whose eye witness account of the pre-Hasmonean Temple included
description of "an inexhaustible reservoir of water, as would be expected
from an abundant spring gushing up naturally from within." As there is no
geological evidence of there ever having been a natural spring below the
current Temple Mount, historians have assumed that Aristeas was mistaken,
but Martin believes that this account confirms that what Aristeas saw was a
Temple built over the "gushing" waters of Gihon Spring, located south of
the current Temple Mount.

It should be noted, as Martin does, that no scientific or archaeological
evidence has ever been uncovered to substantiate his theory, and that there
has never been a major scientist, historian, or archaeologist in Western
history who believed the Temple of Solomon was anywhere other than on the
promontory now called Temple Mount. In past research reports, Martin has
claimed to have discovered several Biblical answers that were heretofore
lost or unknown, including the exact location of Golgotha, the correct
order of the books of the Bible, and the explanation for the "Star in the
East" at the time of the Nativity.

(Editor's Note:  I like the original idea better!)

++++++++++++++++++++++

And here's an interesting tidbit from one of the newsgroups I stumbled
across --Chris--

SCIENTOLOGIST STREET TALK

There may be an answer to the success of this one by the time you get this
issue, but on Tuesday, 1 October 1996, at 10:00 A.M. the full City Council
of Los Angeles considered members John Ferraro and Richard Alatorre's
proposal to change the name of Berendo Street to L. Ron Hubbard Way.

Berendo Street runs near the Scientology complex in Hollywood.  Scientology
lobbyists have been pressuring each council member to vote for the proposed
name change daily.  They have been approaching them at public functions,
conducting major letter writing campaigns, and plan on having a large
contingent of Scientologists at the council meeting.  Each member will have
a chance to speak for 2 minutes.

Of course, there are a number of folks in the area who do not want the name
of the road changed.  They have been encouraged to show up for the Council
meeting as well.   John Ferraro, in whose district Berendo Street lies,
supports the measure because  no significant opposition has been received.
He says the Scientology organization is "good citizen" and surrounding
businesses seem to support the idea.

The writer of the article I read was not real crazy about the idea of
changing the street name.  He stated that his reasons for this appeared in
the May 6, 1991, Time Magazine cover story, "Scientology:  Thriving Cult of
Greed and Power."  The writer also wanted to have Scientology investigated
for "certain of its practices" and "into the whole issue of the
appropriateness of  tax exempt status."  Additionally, "we have a
separation of church and state" and therefore it "is inappropriate and
perhaps unconstitutional for governmental agencies to change the name of a
street to that of the founder of any religion whether it be L. Ron Hubbard,
Moses, Jesus Christ, Buddha, Mohammed; or the Reverend Moon, the Reverend
Jim Jones or the Reverend David Koresh."

Personally, I don't know about what most of  the individuals listed above
think, but I feel fairly confident in stating that two of them (Moses and
Jesus) wouldn't want to have anything to do with such silliness.  "Lay not
up for yourselves treasures upon earth, where moth and rust doth corrupt,
and where thieves break through and steal:  But lay up for yourselves
treasures in Heaven, where neither moth nor rust doth corrupt, and where
thieves do not break through and steal:  For where your treasure is, there
will your heart be also."  Mt 6:19-21

If anyone out there hear's how this one turned out let us know.

++++++++++++++++

ZYUGANOV CALLS FOR YELTSIN'S RESIGNATION
based on an article from an International News Bureau
By Chris Jewett

The Head of the Communist Party Gennady Zyuganov, has asked ailing
President Boris Yeltsin to resign for the sake of Russia, stating that the
Russian Republic was mired in crisis and risked chaos or dictatorship.

During his recent visit to France, Zyuganov said he would have a "good
chance" of winning any new presidential election, noting Yeltsin's
re-election in July was a result of misleading promises and hidden heart
problems.

Yeltsin beat Zyuganov by 54 to 40 percent in the July 3 run-off.

Mr. Zyuganov, speaking before the French Institute for International
Relations, reiterated his appeals for Yeltsin to step down.  "There are
forces which are pushing our country either towards chaos or towards
dictatorship,'' he said after attending a session of the 39-nation Council
of Europe in Strasbourg, eastern France, adding that either was
unacceptable.  There is great danger in Russia...there is a crisis of the
non-payment of salaries, for teachers, for judges, for military officers.
There is huge discontent," he said.

When it comes to another election, Zyuganov "Electors understand that we
didn't lie," as he accused Yeltsin of misleading voters about the state of
his health and of breaking a promise that a backlog of salaries would be
paid.  He thinks he could win.

On Wednesday, doctors claimed that it was ok for Yeltsin to have heart
surgery but then delayed the planned bypass operation for at least six
weeks to improve the chances of success.

Others jockeying for position for Yeltsin's job include Prime Minister
Viktor Chernomyrdin, security Supremo Alexander Lebed and Moscow mayor Yuri
Luzhkov.

Lebed  made similar claims of instability, and sounded the warning that
Russia was on the brink of chaos and the army could mutiny.  "We are at a
dangerous limit, a very dangerous limit," he told a news
conference.

Zyuganov on Lebed:  "a good general but the army and the art of politics
are not the same thing."  He stated that General Lebed sided with Yeltsin
after he had learned that the president was sick and would be incapacitated
in office.

He also claimed Lebed's peace efforts for the region of Chechnya did not go
far enough, and that the region should not be granted full independence.

Zyuganov also opposes NATO expansion and that the world today is
unpredictable, unlike the days of the Cold War when Moscow and Washington
could get together and resolve the 1962 Cuban missile crisis.

The situation today is much more dangerous because in a uni-polar world,
the United States can take decisions almost alone to bombard foreign
capitals,'' he said.

Zyuganov opposes the enlargement of NATO and said Communists might not
ratify treaties limiting nuclear weapons. "If NATO is enlarged, arms
accords will be threatened,'' he said.


*****

Hey Everyone!

Look at what the PZ Website received....

"Dear Webmaster,

I write to tell you that Prophe-Zine was made Pneumatic Site of the Day for
21 September 1996. I have enjoyed your site.

http://www.pneuma.org/

In Christ,

Chris Erickson"

Good Job, Ray.  And, thanks to the guys at Pneumatic for the recognition.
Click on over to http://www.best.com/~ray673/pzhome.html and take alook at
that neat icon they have..

--Chris--





