PropheZine #58
Tuesday June 2, 1998
Bob Lally Publisher
Mimi Nila Senior Editor
Kim Koster Asst. Editor
Rick Woodcock Asst. Editor

Bob Lally...............Welcome
Mimi Nila.................Brief Message

ARTICLES
Phyllis Schlafly.............The China Connection Is the Real Scandal
The Winds.............Christians Support Draconian Measure--Return To
Dark Ages
Andrew Strom...........Co-redemptrix?
Light Warriors............Maitreya Update:More 'Crosses Of Light'
Sighted

PROPHEZINE NEWSBYTES
Caroline Davies......................Genocide Of Christians In Southern
Sudan
Lynn M Stuter .......................Kids killing Kids - Open Letter to
Congress
Michael Stroh Sac. Bee Staff Writer...Computer ID Gets Personal
Submitted by John Terry..............Steve Forbes Memo; Clinton-Gore
Awol On Y2k
Lee Underwood ..............................F.Y.I. - Israel in the News

Terry Denbow (Bible Study)........................How To Fall In Love
With The Word
*************************************
Hi!

Wonderful news: The Lord is blessing Prophezine with sustained growth.
This past month saw 22,000 visits and 137,500 hits on the web site.
We had visitors from 74 countries and this grows by nearly 3-4 countries
per week! Our staff is now at 26 and growing. If you can write HTML code
and have some spare time that you can donate to PropheZine, we have
many pages that need to be modified in their appearance. I am looking for
10 volunteers. If you would like to join the team please contact Scott
Forsyth
at sforsyth@uuproductions.com. We have 7 prayer warriors on staff and
would welcome more. If you feel led by the Lord to join our team please
contact Greg Shambo at gshambo@solve.net.

Due to this growth we are considering publishing this Newsletter and the
News Bites in Spanish. If you are fluent in Spanish, both reading and
writing, and would like to be involved in the editing of the Spanish
versions
please contact me, Bob Lally, at bobslally@prophezine.com.

PropheZine may hold a mini-conference in the Albany, New York (USA)
area. The conference would be 1 day with Scott Pearson as the Guest
Speaker. Scott has spoken at the International Prophecy Conference for
the past 5 years. His audio messages are on the web site. If you are
interested in attending this conference please let me know by sending an
email to bobslally@prophezine.com.

One last item, we recently included 1500 articles on Y2K / the millennium
bug
from the Dr. Gary North web site. We now have total 17 megabytes of raw
text for
you to search upon.

God Bless!

Bob
bobslally@prophezine.com


*************************************
Hello to everyone,

Time is going by so quickly, I cannot believe it is June already. The
newsletter is being shortened somewhat since we are sending it out again
every two weeks God willing. I certainly have to rely on Him for the
time to put this information into your e-mail box. I could never gather
all these articles on my own. They come from many sources to me and I
would like to ask for your prayers for the diligent and willing servants
who work in their "spare" time to keep this letter coming to you. Of
course all the glory goes to Him.

What a change we are coming to in the next few years. I am sure we
would all like to believe tomorrow will be the same as yesterday and
next year will be the same as the year before, but it will not. I
believe the Lord has some amazing work for us to do. My prayer for all
my brothers and sisters in Christ is that you will be like the 5 Virgins
who were wise and were ready for the bridegroom.

8And the foolish said unto the wise, Give us of your oil; for our lamps
are gone out.
9But the wise answered, saying, Not so; lest there be not enough for us
and you: but go ye rather to them that sell, and buy for yourselves.
10And while they went to buy, the bridegroom came; and they that were
ready went in with him to the marriage: and the door was shut. Matthew
25:8-10

May He Bless you and keep you,
In His Service,
Mimi Nila
Mnila@ibm.net
*************************************
The China Connection Is the Real Scandal
by: Phyllis Schlafly

Now we know why the Democrats were so vicious in their attacks on
Senator Fred Thompson (R-TN) and Rep. Dan Burton (R-IN). Theirs were the
committees that were closing in on the China connection, the scandal
that can bring down the Clinton presidency, the scandal that has made
Congressmen start to utter the T word (treason).

The New York Times played it straight with three front-page news
stories above the fold that essentially vindicate Thompson's charge that
the Chinese Communist Government tried to influence the 1996 U.S.
election with campaign contributions. The rest of the media "did it my
way," the liberal way that is, by burying the sensational new evidence
unearthed by the Justice Department under redundant and emotional Frank
Sinatra obits.

Bill Clinton's friend and ubiquitous Democratic fundraiser Johnny Chung
has told Federal investigators that he funneled nearly $100,000 from
the Communist Chinese military to the Democratic campaign in the summer
of 1996. The money was handed to Chung by the daughter of the top
commander of China's People's Liberation Army, General Liu Huaqing, who
was also one of the top five members of the Chinese Communist Party's
ruling Politburo.

Chung's liaisons with the Clinton Administration were so cozy that he
was able to arrange for the daughter, who goes by the name of Lt. Col.
Liu Chaoying, to get a speedy visa and come to America to be
photographed with Clinton on July 22. Chung was quite a hustler; he
visited Clinton's White House 49 times.

After fundraising investigations began last year, the Democratic
National Committee returned $366,000 to Chung, which were suspected of
being illegal foreign contributions. Chung has pleaded guilty to
campaign-related bank and tax fraud.

Liu Chaoying is what is called a "princeling," one of the privileged
offspring of China's ruling elite. In addition to her title as
Lieutenant Colonel in the People's Liberation Army, she is a senior
manager and vice president for China Aerospace International Holdings,
which is the Hong Kong arm of China Aerospace Corporation, a state-owned
jewel in China's military-industrial complex, with interests in
satellite technology, rocket launches, and missiles.

Johnny Chung told Federal investigators that Col. Liu gave him
$300,000, which she said originated with China's military's intelligence
arm, and told him to use the money for Democratic campaign
contributions. He apparently kept $200,000 for his "businesses."

Soon after the picture-taking fundraiser, Col. Liu had Chung open a
California branch of Marswell Investing, another of her Hong Kong
enterprises, whose chief "business" was parking Chinese money in the
United States. She also invested $300,000 in the Chung's facsimile
business.

The plot thickens. During 1996, U.S. policy dramatically changed for
the financial and military benefit of China's military enterprises and
two U.S. multinationals, Loral Space and Communications and Hughes
Electronics. Loral's CEO, Bernard Schwartz, was the largest single
contributor to the 1994 and 1996 Democratic campaigns, giving $275,000
to the Democrats in 1996.

The U.S. had previously barred All-American companies from doing
business with China Aerospace because it had made illegal missile sales
to Pakistan. Col. Liu was assistant to the president of the sanctioned
company and her father, General Liu, was in charge of the Chinese Army
when China sold missiles to Iran and nuclear equipment to Pakistan, as
well as carried on its own maneuvers to threaten Taiwan.

The Departments of Defense and State maintained that our satellite
technology should be on what is known as the "munitions list," the list
of our most sensitive military and intelligence-gathering technology.
Defense and State argued that commercial satellites carry technological
secrets that can jeopardize "significant military and intelligence
interests."

Over the protests of Defense and State, Clinton personally reversed our
policy and transferred jurisdiction over these exports from the State
Department to Commerce Secretary Ron Brown. This let the technology
transfer go forward and allowed U.S. civilian communications satellites
to be launched by Colonel Liu's China Aerospace.

The chronology is interesting. Clinton's decision to approve the rocket
and satellite technology transfer was announced on March 14, 1996, but
the actual change was delayed until the fall. The campaign contributions
arrived in the interim.

Another powerful government-owned enterprise that benefited from
Clinton's China policy was China International Trade and Investment
Corporation. Clinton signed waivers allowing the Chinese to launch four
U.S. satellites on the very day that its chairman, Wang Jan (referred
to by the press as a "Chinese arms dealer"), attended one of Clinton's
now-famous campaign coffees in the White House and later spent some time
in Ron Brown's Commerce Department office.

The kind of space technology that Clinton has provided to China is just
what it needs to make intercontinental ballistic missiles and point them
more accurately at the United States.

Of course, White House spokesmen assert that all this new evidence is
mere coincidence. That argument won't sell. It cries out, not for
another special prosecutor, but for Congress to start impeachment
proceedings immediately.
-------
WWW.EAGLEFORUM.ORG A Phyllis Schlafly column.
Eagle Forum's Mission is to enable conservative and pro-family men and
women to participate in the process of self-government and public policy
making so that America will continue to be a land of individual liberty,
respect for family integrity, public and private virtue, and private
enterprise.

"They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength, they shall
mount up with wings as eagles, they shall run, and not be weary; and
they shall walk and not faint." Isaiah 40:31.
Phyllis Schlafly, President
Eunie Smith, First Vice President
Eagle Forum, P.O. Box 618, Alton, IL 62002, 618-462-5415, 618-462-8909
(fax) ************************************
CONGRESS APPROVES RELIGIOUS MONITORING USING HR 2431
CHRISTIANS SUPPORT DRACONIAN MEASURE--RETURN TO DARK AGES
The Winds www.thewinds.org

In a move that was generally unrecognized by the American public for its
profound implications, the U.S. House of Representatives passed a bill
that will establish a religious monitoring office in the White House. On
May 14th HR 2431, named "The Freedom from Religious Persecution Act of
1998", was passed by an overwhelming majority of 375 to 41. It was
co-sponsored by Republicans and Democrats alike, and the list of groups
supporting the measure included an odd assortment of bedfellows from
across the religious and political spectrum. The primary supporters of
the bill were Christian conservatives and members of the Republican
Party.

The bill is now in the Senate where it is sponsored by Senator Arlen
Specter (R-PA) as S-772.

Last year Rep. Frank Wolf (R-VA) introduced House bill HR 2431 "to
establish an Office of Religious Persecution Monitoring, to provide for
the imposition of sanctions against countries engaged in a pattern of
religious persecution, and for other purposes," the bill reads at the
top [emphasis supplied]. The Act will establish an Office of Religious
Persecution Monitoring (ORPM), the director of which will be appointed
by the president within sixty days after enactment. The director will be
empowered with sweeping authority to monitor religious groups around the
world to decide if they are suffering persecution and to apply economic
sanctions against the offending nation, entity or individual. This
unprecedented power has led some to refer to the ORPM Director as "the
Czar of Religious Monitoring."

The ORPM will be unprecedented in both its scope and power. The
director will have the authority to levy sanctions at will -- a
prerogative once possessed only by Congress because it is an act of war,
but now heartily bestowed on the ORPM by Congress. HR 2431 is in effect
a "super fast-track" sanction making authority, a carte blanche; granted
to an office that will not receive congressional oversight. The ORPM's
edicts will not even require the approval of the president, as HR 2431
gives the ORPM authority to declare sanctions and then coordinate their
implementation with the Departments of State, Treasury, Commerce, and
the Attorney General. The president may waive sanctions for national
security reasons, but his oversight and approval are not required. In
effect, the ORPM will be quasi-independent, required only to submit a
report to Congress once a year.

The extent of the ORPM's sanctioning power may be seen in proposed
sanctions against the North African nation of Sudan and specifically
mandated by HR 2431. The ORPM Director "shall identify and list the
persecution facilitating products, goods, and services." This can be
anything the director deems "persecution facilitating", including food,
medicine and other essentials.

Sudanese products may not be exported to the U.S. All financial
transactions between the U.S. and Sudanese persons and entities are
prohibited. Aircraft owned by U.S. persons and entities cannot land in
Sudan and air service agreements are canceled. Investment in Sudan is
prohibited and so is the export of computers and related technology.
Sudan's assets in the United States will remain frozen. The State
Department is directed to pressure other countries to honor U.S.
embargoes. All persons violating these sanctions are subject to the
penalties set forth in the Trading with the Enemy Act.

In essence, the ORPM Director will have unrestricted authority to
shut down all trade, air traffic, loans and financial transactions
beginning with selectively targeted individuals to a complete embargo of
designated countries. While these dictatorial powers appear to be
directed at persecuting governments, they equally affect U.S. persons
who wish to send money and food to relatives and businessmen who have
investments in targeted countries. These sanctions are imposed
arbitrarily.
Buyers are deprived of necessary goods and sellers are deprived of their
livelihood, all without due process of law. While benevolent on its
face, this Act is both draconian and unconstitutional.

HR 2431 defines two categories of religious persecution. "Category 1
persecution" is committed with the support of government officials or
their agents. "Category 2 persecution" is committed without the
involvement of government officials or their agents, "but which the
government fails to undertake serious and sustained efforts to
eliminate."

HR 2431 does not define "religion" and its description of
"persecution" is somewhat definitive ending with the phrase, "or other
forms of torture". While eliminating religious persecution seems to be a
good thing, it is wrong for one government to dictate how all others
must handle their domestic policies. "Category 2 persecution" reveals
the true character of HR 2431. Foreign governments are forced, under the
threat of starvation and economic ruin, to become active "change agents"
for the United States ORPM -- forced to implement a radical social
agenda that will eliminate the various forms of "persecution" occurring
within their respective cultures. While China and Vietnam are cited in
the Act, special reference is made to "militant Islamic" countries that
"persecute" religious minorities -- further evidence that
fundamentalist, monotheistic religions and cultures are in the cross
hairs of this new bureaucracy.

HR 2431 does not make reference to the U.S. Constitution for its
authority, but, instead, cites Article 18 of the Universal Declaration
of Human Rights and Article 18 of the Covenant on Civil and Political
Rights. It also makes reference to the United Nations Charter.

Section 2, paragraph (2), subparagraph (A) of HR 2431 reads:

Article 18 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights states that
'Everyone has the right to freedom of thought, conscience and
religion; this right includes freedom to change his religion or
belief, and freedom, either alone or in community with others and
in public or private, to manifest his religion or belief in teaching,
practice, worship and observance'.

What HR 2431 does not mention is that later in this U.N. declaration
is the statement that "no one shall be subject to coercion which would
impair his freedom to have a religion or belief of his choice." Freedom
on the Altar, William Norman Grigg, emphasis supplied). While appearing
to guarantee the freedom of religion, this document subtly injects the
words "have a religion", suggesting that religious expression in the
form of evangelism, proselytizing and condemnation of immorality could
be suppressed. It also introduces the premise that the U.N. may define
what religious freedom "shall include." This concept is diametrically
opposed to the U.S. Constitution which simply recognizes the fact that
all men are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights.

How Did This Bill Get Passed?

It is almost ludicrous to even discuss a bill that proposes to
establish a religious monitoring agency in the federal government and
cites U.N. documents as its authority. The First Amendment of the U.S.
Constitution clearly states that "Congress shall make no law respecting
an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof,"
-- in other words, "hands off religion"-- yet, this is precisely what
Congress has done.

It is a wonder that a bill which so blatantly violates the First
Amendment could receive such enthusiastic support from Christian and
conservative groups. The inclusion of specific sanctions against Sudan
in the bill were one factor that helped pull in Christian support.
Reports of the religious persecution of Christians in Sudan's civil war
have been circulating among American churches--stories of torture,
enslavement and murder. These reports have been fanned by a book
entitled In the Lion's Den. This book was published by Freedom House, a
Washington-based organization established in 1943 by Wendell Willkie, a
proponent of world government and Eleanor Roosevelt. Freedom House is
reportedly a front for the Council on Foreign Relations. This is
evidenced by the numerous CFR members on its board including Zbigniew
Brzezinski, the first Rockefeller appointed Tri-Lateral Commission
Chairman and National Security Adviser under President Carter. Freedom
House has been among the primary promoters of HR 2431. ("Will Americans
Accept Federal Religious Monitoring?" C.E. Carlson, We Hold These
Truths, an educational organization).

In the Lion's Den reportedly infers that the 1.3 million Sudanese
civil war casualties are mostly Christian victims of religious
persecution at the hands of an extremist Islamic government. Official
demographic data does not support that figure, according to a report by
We Hold These Truths.

Mr. C.E. Carlson writes, "Freedom House seems to have buried more
Christians than ever existed in Southern Sudan ... where most of the
killing is said to have occurred." (ibid.) In short, few facts and a
case built on emotion is how In the Lion's Den has reportedly helped
channel Christian support in favor of HR 2431. It should be noted that
President Clinton issued an executive order applying economic sanctions
against Sudan last November, and recent news reports have indicated
hundreds of thousands of Sudanese people in the South are now on the
brink of starvation, and many of them are Christians.

WHO IS BEHIND THIS BILL?

The person primarily responsible for facilitating the passage of HR
2431 is Mr. Michael J. Horowitz, a Jewish attorney who is a senior
fellow at the globalist Hudson Institute in Washington. In an October
16, 1997 memo he sent to Rep. Frank Wolf (R-VA), he reveals that he
(Horowitz) is the true author of HR 2431. He also reveals that the
purpose of the Sudan provisions in HR 2431 is to destroy the Sudanese
government and that "covert military aid" was already being used for
that purpose. To top everything, he noted that he organized the much
hyped November 16th International Day of Prayer for the Persecuted
Church for the purpose of getting HR 2431 passed.
(HTML reproduction of Wolf-Horowitz memo obtained from We Hold These
Truths). Calling a prayer event to help establish an unconstitutional
religious monitoring agency and overthrow an unfriendly government
should make one wonder what this whole thing is all about.

Christians haven't wondered, however, and they have roundly
applauded Horowitz for his endeavors. He is the only non-Christian to be
awarded Prison Fellowship's Wilberforce Award (1997). He's been called
"a new Jewish prophet." He makes his rounds in Christian circles saying
things like, "I am doing this because I am a Jew &emdash; because I ...
see eerie parallels between what is happening to Christians today and
what happened to my people during much of Europe's history." ("The
Suffering Servants: Michael Horowitz Sounds the Alarm", 4-14-97, Prison
Fellowship ministry). Christians lapped it up and have fought to get on
Horowitz's HR 2431 bandwagon.

...And pile on they have. Lutherans, Southern Baptists, Catholics
and Seventh-day Adventists, the Salvation Army, just to name a few.
Christian organizations supporting HR 2431 include the Christian
Coalition, Pat Robertson's 700 Club, Dr. James Dobson's Focus on the
Family, and the Family Research Council. These have united with the
Baha'i Faith, Jewish organizations, Arab organizations, Buddhists, and
many others in joining hands with the Freedom Foundation and the Hudson
Institute -- a globalist's dream come true. (List of supporting groups
obtained from Rep. Wolf's website).

To add to the subterfuge being employed the Clinton administration
mumbled to the press its opposition to the bill because it might
"interfere with diplomacy" or something. ("White House Mixed on
Religious Bill", Washington Post, 5-12-98). Cabinet officers lobbied
against it, if somewhat tepidly.
Clinton's opposition was enough to clinch Christian support. The bill
had to be good because Clinton was against it. It was the old reverse
psychology trick, employed by a president that would just love the power
of policing religion along with everything else.

IT IS AN OMINOUS SIGN WHEN CHRISTIANS MINDLESSLY EMPLOY GOVERNMENT FORCE
May 1st was the National Day of Prayer, and Christian leaders descended
on Washington to throw their political weight around. Dr. James Dobson
who heads the Focus on the Family ministry threatened to lead a
Christian exodus out of the Republican party unless their priorities
were addressed -- the foremost of which was the passage of HR 2431. In
the March 1998 issue of his magazine Focus on the Family, Dr. Dobson
urged his readers to "pray for U.S. Congress as it considers The Freedom
from Religious Persecution Act (H.R. 2431)" and remember that "it is
crucial that the body of Christ respond to the call expressed in Heb
13:3" which reads, "remember them that are in bonds, as bound with
them...."

Dr. Dobson's wife Shirley, speaking at a rally in Washington May 1st
ironically intoned, "At a time when so many people rely on symbols of
power, the National Day of Prayer reminds us to refocus our attention on
God." The scripture that formed the theme for this event was Psalm 20:7:
"Some trust in chariots and some in horses, but we trust in the name of
the Lord our God." Statements such as these from the Christian
leadership, even as they threaten and plead for the coercive power of
federal government sanctions to work on their behalf, could cause one to
wonder if Dobson and associates are all brain dead.

After HR 2431 passed, Randy Tate, Christian Coalition executive
director, said in a statement:
"We now call on the Senate to pass this bill and for the President to
sign it into law ... religious persecution will not be tolerated, and
those recalcitrant regimes which stubbornly continue to oppress and
victimize people of faith will be dealt with." (Christian Coalition
Press Release). Threatening rhetoric such as this is more reminiscent of
a 13th century papal crusade than a plea to spare those persecuted for
their faith. This must be what it looks like to "reset our moral
compass" as the president of the Christian Coalition has been urging us
to do.

Attorney Michael Horowitz and Christian leaders alike have
downplayed concerns that the ORPM might conduct religious enforcement in
the United States. Horowitz claims that the bill "establishes no
enforcement mechanism" based on the U.N. documents cited above, and that
the bill makes no provision for application in the United States. These
assurances are small comfort in light of the "and for other purposes"
clause at the top of the bill, and the fact that the U.S. is not
specifically excluded from the ORPM's jurisdiction. The bill simply says
that the ORPM may apply sanctions wherever persecution is occurring.

Religious surveillance is already being conducted in the United
States by the United Nations Special Rapporteur of Religious
Intolerance. This office was established by the United Nations
Commissioner on Human Rights in 1986. On January 28, 1998, the Atlanta
Journal Constitution printed a story entitled, EMORY DRAWS U.N.
RELIGIOUS OFFICIALS. The U.N. was attending a forum at Emory University
concerning religious freedom for Indians living in the southwestern
United States. The standard that these officials use while "examining
religions" is the UN's 1981 Declaration on the Elimination of All Forms
of Intolerance and Discrimination Based on Religious Belief." (March 7th
letter by Craig T. Miller, published by We Hold These Truths).

Whether conducted by the ORPM in the White House of the U.N.'s
Special Rapporteur of Religious Intolerance, the enforcement of
acceptable religious standards is coming to the United States,
regardless of Mr. Horowitz's denials and objections. The absence of
domestic "enforcement mechanisms" and other technicalities are
irrelevant in light of the already flagrant violation of the First
Amendment. Oppressive laws always appear benign on their face. When
enacted, it will be up to the unscrupulous tyrant in the White House to
interpret it, and a scheming anti-Christian bureaucracy to implement it.

The federal government's slaughter of the Branch Davidians near
Waco, Texas should have convinced anyone that this government is unfit
for the job of monitoring and "protecting" religious minorities. Such an
act of religious persecution is unprecedented in the United States this
century, but the officials responsible have yet to be "sanctioned" and
held accountable. While the embers at Mt. Carmel were still smoldering,
President Clinton scoffed at the suggestion that Attorney General Janet
Reno should resign, "just because some religious fanatics murdered
themselves." This is the president that will appoint the "Czar of
Religious Monitoring."

MALIGNANT DESIGNS

Most Christians today are devoid of true spiritual power and
understanding. This is why they have succumbed to the common human
failing of using force as a means to further their cause. If they truly
believed in God, they would ask Him to deliver their persecuted
brethren. Instead, they turn to a cruel and despotic regime to enforce
their agenda. This is what the church did during the Dark Ages.They
ended up killing millions of people and bringing shame on the Christian
religion. History now repeats itself.

Modern Christians today have succumbed to another human failing --
the misconception that the U.S. government is capable of defending truth
and righteousness. It is not. Every bill, every law and regulation,
every treaty, every official act is subverted and molded into the
internationalist agenda.
These internationalists hate Christianity. They are, in effect,
anti-Christ. They are bent on the total destruction of the Christian
religion. Since Christians have eagerly signed on to HR 2431, they have
effectively signed their own death warrant. The Act of oppression meant
for "extremist Islamic"
countries will come back to haunt them.

On April 29th Col. John R. Niemela (USAF- Ret.) faxed a scathing
letter to House majority leader Dick Armey that addressed the true
motives behind the Clinton administration's phony opposition to HR 2431.
He wrote, "Those people who dominate his staff, Talmudic in principle
and severely anti-Christian, well understand who designed this bill, who
has massaged it over several years, what their principle purpose was in
promoting it, and, who they are! And so do you!"

Col. Niemela then exposed the true objectives behind HR 2431. "The
blueprints that guide this law have been available for years, but most
'blinded' Christians ignore them. Protocol No. 14 of the Elders of Zion
demand that no other religion should exist other than theirs, and, the
Communist Manifesto No. 19 directs its members to infiltrate churches
and replace revealed religion with other forms, discredit the Bible and
inject Humanism." Wisconsin Report, 5-7-98).

Col. Niemela's assertions are well documented in many sources,
including Humanist Erich Fromm's The Sane Society (l955) which predicted
that "the theistic concepts are bound to disappear in the future
development of humanity....A new religion will develop...the most
important feature of such a religion would be its universalistic
character...it would embrace the humanistic teachings common to all
great religions of the East and of the West...." (Road to Socialism and
the New World Order by D.L. Cuddy, Ph.D.).

Of course, there will be no room in this new world for true
Christianity with its faith in Christ, its fundamental beliefs, and the
Protestant principles that put a man's conscience above the authority of
the State. Those who rebuke and condemn certain "lifestyle choices" will
be regarded as "religious persecutors", as "intolerant" and disruptive
of society.

Leading occultist Alice Bailey wrote in The Externalisation of the
Hierarchy that the builders of the new world order "will develop the new
world religion... (and) the new civilization.... They can, however, be
delayed by the reactionary types of people, by the ultra-conservative
and closed minds [fundamentalists] ....These must all be brought under
the power of death." (ibid.) The coming ORPM is a well orchestrated step
in that direction.

Christians who supported HR 2431 flatter themselves that they have
increased their posture and security in the world. They have, instead,
cast their lot with the emerging global order and forfeited divine
protection. Since they disobeyed the command, "Trust not in oppression",
in their day of trouble they will find themselves unable to trust in the
One they profess to worship.
************************************
CO-REDEMPTRIX?
Andrew Strom, NZ
The following two items - one short version, and a longer piece -reveals
the efforts of the present pope to redeem the Catholic Church in one
final blow from the redemption of Jesus Christ - as if it isn't done
thoroughly enough before.

Pope to declare Mary Co-Redemptrix on May 31st!?

Tue May 26 , 1998 -- There is mounting evidence that Pope John Paul II
may declare Mary the Co-Redemptrix, Mediatrix and Advocate of humanity
as the fifth official Catholic Marian dogma (article of faith) on
Pentecost of 1998! According to Dr. Mark I. Miravalle of the Franciscan
University of Steubenville, organizer of the "Vox Populi Mariae
Mediatrici" movement, the date for the promulgation of the dogma has
definitely been set for May 31, 1998, which was formerly the liturgical
feast of Mediatrix of All Graces, which was established by Pope Benedict
XV.

Catholic lay representatives from all over the world have been called to
Rome for the World Congress of Ecclesial Movements, meeting May 27 to
29, immediately prior to the Pentecost festival, and Catholic
anticipation is running high that Pope John Paul II may indeed announce
Mary to be the Coredemptrix of all humanity to this assembly in St.
Peter's Square, perhaps as early as Saturday, the 30th of May.
Some 150,000 people are expected to attend, representing 56 Catholic lay
movements.

Cheryl Marie --------------

Pope may declare Mary 'coredemptrix'
By TIM UNSWORTH Special to the National Catholic Reporter
At 77 and in uneven health, John Paul II invests virtually every
allocution with some mention of his advancing years and of his devotion
to Mary, the mother of Jesus. Before he dies, he may decide to use his
charism of infallibility to elevate Mary's crown another tier.

Reports from Rome, the U.S. Catholic press and even Time magazine
suggest the pope will cap his career by infallibly declaring Mary
Coredemptrix of Humanity, Mediatrix of All Graces and Advocate for the
People of God. Such a move would be the first time since 1950, when the
doctrine of the Assumption was promulgated, that a pope has exercised
his power of infallibility. It would bring to five the number of Marian
definitions since she was declared the Mother of God at the Council of
Ephesus in 431. Her perpetual virginity was declared at the third
Council of Constantinople 250 years later, in 681. In 1854, the Church
defined the Immaculate Conception.

The proposed new teaching is certain to raise theological eyebrows.
Pius IX had written to and received approval from his fellow bishops
before declaring the Immaculate Conception to be an article of faith.
Pius XII did the same nearly a century later. A unilateral declaration
of Mary as coredemptrix would likely be received with anger, even by
bishops prepared to support the pope.

Popes have shunned coredemptrix talk for over 50 years. Prior to this, a
mixture of devotion and hyperbole combined to bring coredemptrix and its
synonyms into the language. Writers such as Alphonsus Liguori and Louis
de Montfort and popes from Leo XIII (1878-1903) through Pius XI
(1922-1939) used the term freely. Leo devoted 11 of his 60 encyclicals
to Mary, but no pope took the definition beyond an accommodated sense.

Vatican II pretty much decided not to give Mary any more titles. To
declare a Marian dogma now would not only re-introduce the still
controversial issue of papal infallibility but also raise ecumenical
difficulties. According to Time magazine's religion writer Richard N.
Ostling, "Protestants and the Orthodox would go into orbit, feeling
Christ has been demeaned as the unique Savior" (Time, June 16)...

The proposed teaching may, like the earlier pronouncements on the
Immaculate Conception and the Assumption of Mary, be labeled "worthy of
credence" but not required, in the sense that Catholics could dissent
from the teaching without fear of excommunication. In other words, the
phrase "Let the force of anathema be on it" would not be attached as it
is to core Catholic teachings.

Editor added:

"Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether they are
of God: because many false prophets are gone out into the world." 1John
4:1.
"Prove all things; hold fast that which is good." 1 Thess. 5:21.
"Now the Spirit speaketh expressly, that in the latter times some shall
depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits, and doctrines of
devils; Speaking lies in hypocrisy; having their conscience seared with
a hot iron;" 1 Tim 4:1-2.
"For if he that cometh preacheth another Jesus, whom we have not
preached, or [if] ye receive another spirit, which ye have not received,
or another gospel, which ye have not accepted, ye might well bear with
[him]." 2 Cor. 11:4
2 Cor. 11:13-15 "For such [are] false apostles, deceitful workers,
transforming themselves into the apostles of Christ.11:14 And no marvel;
for Satan himself is transformed into an angel of light.11:15 Therefore
[it is] no great thing if his ministers also be transformed as the
ministers of righteousness; whose end shall be according to their
works."
************************************
MAITREYA UPDATE:
MORE 'CROSSES OF LIGHT' SIGHTED:
INVASION: KNOXVILLE, TENNESSEE
As many of you know who have been TLW subscribers for any length of
time, I have been very interested in the agenda of Benjamin Creme and
the Lord Maitreya ever since I first discovered who they were in 1983.
That was merely one year after the world was shocked by a full page ad
placed in a cross section of worldwide newspapers announcing the arrival
of the Christ into our present day world. I have included the column
MAITREYA UPDATE in nearly every issue since the inception of this
publication in Nov. 1991.

The Lord Maitreya and his direct influence upon humanity has peaked my
interest for especially the last seven years. I have published many
articles describing events and various phenomena occurring globally
which seem to bear out the fact that Lord Maitreya is much more than a
would be Messiah nonchalantly passing through time and space.

I have reported on healing waters that have been charged by Maitreya in
a least three different locations: Mexico, Germany, and India (All
locations of constant, incredible, demonic activity). I have likewise
periodically done articles on the strange and attention drawing
apparitions of the Aquarian 'crosses of light' also witnessed on many
continents of the world. But now this luminous phenomenon has come home
to roost right here in the Bible belt of the United States of America in
a big way.
"Shocked but not surprised"...I know most of you have read these words
in many articles featured in TLW in the past, but in this present
context of the continual saga of the crosses of light I may even care to
emphasize this a bit more. From month to month, I anticipate the
arrival of my next issue of Share International for the express purpose
of monitoring the events of significance taking place within the
confines of the camp of TLM. Most of the time I will find an article of
extreme import. However, when I opened up my July/August of SI to page
number nine and my eyes fell upon the article entitled Cross Chasers: 19
Hours in
Knoxville, by Buddy Piper, and I noticed the picture of the Copper
Ridge Baptist Church at the bottom of the page, I immediately
recognized that this was going to be no ordinary report. I soon
discovered I was not wrong, as with more than a modicum of trepidation
and a heightened sense of imminent danger, I began to read the report.
My previous fears were quickly realized to their fullest measure. Yes,
as I suspected, there is indeed a Baptist church right here in the Bible
belt of the good old US of A that has accepted the crosses of light
phenomenon in their own windows with open hearts and minds. This is a
sad day for the Church in America. The article
from Buddy Piper declares:

Since reading Benjamin Creme's book, The Reappearance of The Christ and
The Masters of Wisdom, in 1981, I have been in 100 per cent agreement
with it's message, as I understand it: Maitreya, the Christ has returned
to the world.

Recently drawing on my 50 years of experience in broadcasting, I
decided to try to help publicize some of the "signs" that Maitreya and
the Masters are placing in the world, specifically the crosses of light,
to awaken humanity to the truth that he is here. The crosses have
appeared around the world, most often in the windows of peoples' homes,
exerting a healing influence on the entire community where they exist.

With the dedicated help of a network of volunteers around the United
States who inform me of manifestations of Maitreya's work, I have
become known as the "Cross Chaser" from having appeared on scores of
radio and television shows explaining who placed those crosses in
windows and why.

I recently returned from spending a day in the cross-saturated
fundamentalist Copper Ridge Baptist Church of Knoxville Tennessee, USA.

That is just a bit of background which explains how this man became so
heavily involved in the dissemination of information
promoting this crosses of light miraculous deception. He is not the
only one who is publicizing this strange occurrence but he is obviously
one of it's champions.

I find it very hard to believe that a Baptist pastor of a
fundamentalist Christian church would succumb to this anti-Scriptural
supernatural event but if the rest of this report is true then that is
exactly what has taken place. Piper continues

I had never heard of a group of crosses appearing in a church; they
generally appear in the homes of poor people, shining in a bathroom
window. I believed this tiny church might offer an ideal opportunity to
put Maitreya's story before the entire United States, especially when
Joe Bullard, the minister, said openly and honestly: "I don't know that
to say about these crosses. I can hardly keep from believing it's a
miracle!"
I could hardly wait until morning to call him and
confirm his belief.

The next part of this story becomes even more incredible as Pastor
Joe is contacted by Buddy Piper. Mr. Piper writes:

On 6 January, 1996, I called Joe Bullard at his home in Knoxville: "I
work with a group of people around the world who follow these
sightings. I can tell you who put those crosses in your church and why.
Do you want to know? I wish to respect your theological viewpoint.
That's why I'm asking if you wish to know." He responded: "I'm trying
to learn as much as I can about this. It's a beautiful mystery. Let me
tell you a little bit about what happened. I've been in the ministry
for 51 years and I decided to relax a bit and take on this small
church part-time. It has only 14 members and most of them don't come
regularly. One evening last November my wife, Mildred, and I drove by
this lovely church as we thought about giving it up. We stopped the car
in amazement when a radiant white light seemed to surround the entire
building for a short time. We went home wondering what that meant. Could
this be a sign that we should stay? We didn't have long to wait for the
answer.

I say this with no disrespect intended but it should have been a first
priority to consult the Lord about this event. Or at the very least the
Scriptures. It may be that Pastor Joe has not really learned that much
about spiritual deception and the advanced wiles of the Devil which
were reportedly manifesting right in their very midst. When we read a
little further on in the report we see that he was obviously taken in by
the power of this professional deception. The sad saga continues:

On 8 November, 1995, the next time I spoke to the congregation, a
bright light hit the side of the church and, as we looked out the
window, we saw our first cross of light. We could hardly believe it, but
as they continue to appear, we know they are real I said: "Keep those
church doors open to all people, believers and non-believers alike,
because headings will come to many who view them. Watch for that to
happen."

Joe replied: "Although some of our people don't like the idea of
non-members coming here, we just voted to keep the doors open as much
as we can. Thirty or forty people a day of all kinds of beliefs are
coming to see them. We put a little collection plate out for those
who wish to contribute to keep the lights on, but we may not be able to
afford to keep the doors open long."

Well as we go on with this story it doesn't take much spiritual
insight to imagine that this powerful of a satanic manifestation would
not die an easy death. As a matter of fact it is now thriving and
pulsating with a self-perpetuating life of it's own. The power being
demonstrated here at this small Tennessee church should be obvious to
any aware observer who has received the Spirit of God and continues to
walk with Him on a daily basis. This sadly is not the case here in
Knoxville. This should be one of the more obvious manifestations of
the demonic to those who are scripturally aware of Jesus' warning of a
special last-days deception which would come upon all the world.
However this very apparition and manifestation could be seen as a
spiritual barometer which tells us the disturbing story of the lack of
spiritual discernment within the Body of Christ. As you read the rest
of this story keep in mind that these are some of the most unusual and
disturbing reports that I have ever read...and I have read quite a
few. It seems for all intents and purposes that the full force of the
Lord Maitreya's deception has recently and quietly entered the small
back door of a non-discerning and spiritually starving Christian church.
(This is made even more apparent by the earlier description of this
small and vapid congregation. I don't mean to be harsh but if they were
studying their Bibles this probably would not have happened. And even
if it did someone who knew their authority in Christ would have given
this unearthly apparition a sound rebuking. That should have taken
care of the problem.) Now lets continue with the story and, if these
reports are true (and I have every reason to believe that they are)
discover the supernatural events that began to manifest when the
grounds of the church were adopted as a proving ground for this
spectacular deceiver. The Share International article continues with the
sudden rise to media stardom of the little Baptist church and it's
pastor in the hills of Tennessee. Buddy Piper makes the arrangements
to involve the print and news media. He also makes plans to share the
limelight with the clergy man from Copper Ridge Baptist. He encourages
him:

You can tell them about the crosses and healings that may have taken
place and that we believe the crosses were put there by the Christ,
as each understands him, as a sign of hope for the future and to heal
many people.

"You can disagree with me if you feel it's necessary, and I'll
respect your right to your viewpoint. We'll work together to try to get
as many people as possible to see these crosses...I'll suggest that
people come to Knoxville to see the wonderful works of art which God's
Representative has created in your church.

Only one radio station in the area arranged to do an interview with
the two gentlemen corroborators. This was only after someone from the
station had gone to the church and seen the crosses of light for
themselves, but that was the tiny spark that lit the publicity flame.
The interview was scheduled for April 10, 1996. By the time Buddy Piper
re-contacted Pastor Joe the churchman had another incredible story to
tell. This time it was a personal appearance from Maitreya. Bullard
related to the "Cross Chaser":

My board members and I have had some strange assurances that something
is really going on. One night before people came to see the crosses, we
were sitting on one side of the church, when several of us saw a tall
man wearing a turban appear on the opposite side of the church and walk
slowly toward the wall. He was absolutely perfect in form. Two other
people then appeared who had more of a cloudy appearance and they
followed him forward. Every couple of steps the last person in line
turned slightly toward us and waved in a friendly manner. When they
reached the front of the church, they turned around and we expected to
see the two followers lead the way back, but the first was again in
front of the others followed, as before. When they had made the walk
three times, they disappeared. That certainly caught the attention of
some of our members. They're still telling everybody about it!

Now comes the really frightening part (frightening for those who are
caught up in this grave deception). The direct contact made by the
minister. Pastor Joe Bullard relates:

"And then I got another experience. I had to go to the bathroom one
night and on my way back to bed a small cross appeared in the room and
I heard a voice say: 'Keep those church doors open and it won't be long
till I (or we) will be back.' I said: 'Who are you?' Then the cross and
the voice disappeared. I thought I was losing my mind.

With conditions the way they are now it may have been better for him if
he had. These are no ordinary crosses of light either. They can grow to
what appears to be forty feet high and they are reddish gold in color
according to Buddy Piper and Pastor Joe.

There are a myriad of reports of how viewing these crosses of light
have changed the lives of those who have seen them and as the
magnitude of this deception increases so do the incidences of
supernatural healing. The first one was the healing of a blind man
during the pilgrimage of over on thousand people lined up in and outside
of the church.

Many physical healings have been documented, as well as, marriages and
family ties being restored. Even the restoration of faith in a supreme
being has come in the lives of a multitude of the pilgrims to this site.
(Strangely, they would be better off as unbelievers would than to
believe this is a miracle from the God of creation and help to spread
this antichrist deception.) They have now received media coverage by
some of the most powerful and influential radio and television stations
in the area.

As of the date of this article, over 35,000 people have visited the
site.
One deaf child recently declared that he was seeing Jesus in the room
at the church...just before he was partially healed. This was soon after
an encounter that his mother and her other deaf child had with a man in
a local grocery store who told her, "Take your children to the church
in Knoxville with the crosses of light." Addicts and drug abusing
visitors are also reporting an abatement in their craving for drugs
after their encounter with the crosses.

Are these miracles from God??

Not if they lead the recipients into a relationship with spirits posing
as angels of light who base all they teach on the anti-biblical
spirituality espoused by the Lord Maitreya and his followers. And this
is exactly what they teach.

Conclusion

All I can say about this issue is that the people in this Baptist
church desperately need to seek the Lord and the Holy Spirit
concerning these occurrences and they will quickly discover that this is
just one more sign pointing to the soon return of Jesus Christ to the
earth. Not the return of the Christ, but the return of our Lord and
Savior Jesus Christ who is the same yesterday today and forever. He is
not walking around on this earth wearing a turban. As a matter of fact
He is not walking around on this earth at all!!! He is at this present
time seated at the right hand of the Father awaiting His soon return.
(Stephen the martyred disciple, mentioned in the beginning of the Book
of Acts, the Holy Scriptures tell us, saw Him at the moment of his
death. But there is one who does walk this earth in the name of the
Lord whose job it is to deceive ---- and deceive he most assuredly does.
Jesus warned us through His Word that there would be those who come in
the last days who will call themselves "the Christ".
This passage in Matthew chapter 24 should be required reading for all of
us who exhibit a strong desire to not be deceived. Our Lord tells us
emphatically:

Then if any man shall say unto you, Lo, here is Christ, or there,
believe it not. For there shall arise false Christs, and false prophets,
and shall shew great signs and wonders; insomuch that. If it were
possible, they should deceive the very elect. (Matt. 24:23)
I submit to you that the article you just read more than fulfills my
expectations and anticipation for this spiritually dangerous time in
which we live. The Lord is coming soon...and it won't be to a small
Baptist church in Knoxville, Tennessee. But I do know of someone who
would definitely like us to believe that God is visiting His people. Who
made that visitation? Any guesses??
More on this story in the next issue of TLW. Watch and pray. Amen

The previous article was taken from a recent copy of the Light Warrior
newsletter. To order your subscription and/or view a list of back issues
LIGHT WARRIOR PRESS,LTD
PO Box 368
Sterling Heights, MI 48311 - USA
Ph/Fax (810) 566-7799
************************************
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
PROPHEZINE NEWSBYTES
Genocide Of Christians In Southern Sudan
Baroness Accuses Sudan Of Genocide
By Caroline Davies May 26, 1998

BARONESS Caroline Cox, a human rights and aid charity leader, condemned
the Islamic- backed Sudanese government yesterday for the "genocide" of
Dinka tribespeople.

Returning from the Bahr el Ghazal province in southern Sudan, she said
she had seen hundreds of corpses strewn in villages that had been raided
within the past few weeks. She feared that the number of dead could rise
to thousands.

She said on her return to London yesterday: "The international community
should react with outrage, and demand that the government of Sudan stops
attacking innocent civilians, and that it immediately opens up all of
its airstrips to aid organisations and human rights monitors."

Lady Cox, who is president of Christian Solidarity Worldwide, said the
scenes were the worst atrocities she had ever witnessed in her travels
around the world. She said: "The government promised these people food,
and gave them bullets. I have criticised the Sudanese government for
much of what they have done; for the way the military have been set
against civilians, for their policy of encouraging slavery, for their
use of the politics of hunger in closing off airstrips to aid
organisations.

"But now they have surpassed themselves. Added to that catalogue of
condemnation is the systematic, cynical, brutal policy of slaughter and
destruction, which I think add up to the genocide of the Dinka people.
And the fact that they can do this simultaneously while basking in the
approval that has been given to them by the international community for
opening up some airstrips which should never have been closed, is
appalling."

Lady Cox said the international community should step up pressure on the
Sudanese leadership, possibly through sanctions, to allow human rights
monitors and aid organisations into the embattled country to prevent
them "exploiting the politics of hunger". She had seen hundreds of
corpses of people killed by fundamentalists armed and funded by the
Islamic government in Khartoum.

"The stench of death was overpowering. The scale of killing is beyond
anything I've seen on previous visits. The widespread systematic
destruction, the devastation, the massacre . . . really, genocide is an
overworked word, and one I never use without meaning it. But I mean it".

She spent five days on foot in the area around Aweng, which was raided
on May 10. The scale of atrocity, she said, went far beyond the usual
northern Sudanese raids into the south for slaves and cattle, hallmark
of the 15-year civil war between the Islamic north and Christian and
Animist south.

"The area had just been overridden by hordes of government soldiers,
supported by the mujahadeen and the murahaleen, an Arabised raiding
tribe. They were armed by the government with Kalashnikov rifles, they
came in vehicles mounted with machine guns, with camels and horses and
donkeys for their loot, and swept into these villages.

"The devastation was there for us to see. They attacked the market at
Abiel Dau, outside Aweng. They surrounded it, and killed everyone they
could. I have seen the corpses. In one morning alone 120 bodies have
been found. Hundreds more are missing.

"Those that they have been able to bury have been put together in
graves. But some are in the swamps - the corpses just lying there. A lot
are in the River Lol, just floating. There are women and children, and
people who have tried to escape to the bush, but were followed, hunted
down and slaughtered. I just came across corpse after corpse, still all
with their bracelets and bangles on, the remnants of their
personalities, of their humanity.

"Among the human corpses are corpses of their cattle, the ones the
raiders could not drive north, so they shot them. I could not take in
the ultimate barbarity and cruelty of it. And the extent of it. It was
just a place of death, of raw, calculated death with intent."

Raids by government-backed Arab marauders on Dinka villages in the south
are common. Cattle are taken, crops razed and woman and children taken
as slaves to the north, where they can be bought back by their families.
>From the extent of the killing in Bahr el Ghazal - where 350,000 are at
risk from starvation -
Lady Cox is convinced that the Sudanese government has turned to
systematic massacre in its holy war with the south.

Local chiefs, she said, emphasised that the offensives were calculated
to coincide with the Government's ostensible humanitarian gestures,
while evicting the Dinka from fertile lands, redrawing the boundaries
and renaming villages and rivers in Arabic.

Survivors have been driven towards the swamps, where they have camped on
small grassy islands, with no food, drinking water, or protection from
malaria-carrying mosquitos. "It's hell on earth," said Lady Cox, 60.
Many had lost relatives, some killed, others abducted. "Pages and pages
of names and ages of women and children taken from each village were
handed to me." They will be forced to return to the villages when the
rainy season sets in, in the next few weeks.

"But I went through village after village and they are completely burnt
to the ground. There is no harvest, no crops, no shelter, no livestock
for them to go back to. Their future is desperate".

She had been braced to expect evidence of famine, but had "not prepared
myself for this. It's not known, I had no idea about the extent of the
slaughter".

In one village she saw evidence that the men had been tied up and thrown
alive into a burning hut. "You could see the charred bones." She had
been told that two women and a child and been tied up and had their
throats slit - "killed like goats".

A four year-old boy was found in the market 10 days after the raid. He
had been hiding, terrified and alone, after his mother was shot. "He was
malnourished, dehydrated, naked, and terribly traumatised by what he had
seen. He had been hiding in terror since May 10. The way he just hung,
hung, hung on to the person who found him - I will never forget.

"Another grandfather, terribly dignified, terribly upright, was left
with four little grandchildren after his daughter was abducted. "What
can I do?' he asked me. 'They've burnt everything. I only have tamarind
seeds to feed them and I have not a thing with which to buy back their
mother."

Christian Solidarity Worldwide is an interndenominational human rights
organsiation for religious liberty helping persecuted Christians and
other suffering repression, victimised children and victims of disaster.
Board of Management
The Baroness Cox (President)
David Atkinson MP (Life Vice President)
Mervyn Thomas (Chairman) Telephone 44 181 942 8810 www.csiuk.org
Csiuk@clara.net
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
Saturday, May 23, 1998 14:14:42
From: Lynn M Stuter
The following was emailed to all Washington state Senators and
Representatives.
It is time we started speaking the truth and standing by it.
It is time to hold our elected representatives accountable. Lynn S.

In the last year there have been a number of incidents in which
children have killed teachers and students on school grounds. This has
happened in Washington, Kentucky, Mississippi, Arkansas, Pennsylvania
and Oregon that I am aware of. On the same day that the Springfield,
Oregon, incident happened, a Washington youth stepped off a school bus
in a district north of Seattle, then shot himself through the head. In
a two year time frame, in the Moses Lake [Central Washington] area, a
youth killed his teacher
and three other students; the cousin of one of his victims killed his
mother, sister, and himself; and four youths killed an elderly couple
because one youth had a grudge to satisfy.

Why wasn't this happening six years ago, ten years ago? The
commonality in all of these incidents is Goals 2000. Far fetched you
say--not hardly.

At the time of the Moses Lake incident, I told several legislators that
unless and until the matter of what these kids were being exposed to in
the classroom was addressed at the state level, this was going to keep
right on happening--and time, sadly, has borne that out.

Education reform is not about educating for intelligence, it is about
process, it is about modifying and changing a child's behavior to
produce the wanted society, the wanted workforce of the 21st Century.
The techniques being utilized are techniques that should only be used by
clinically trained and clinically licensed medical personnel and then
only under certain circumstances. The use of these techniques by
teachers in a classroom setting constitutes medical malpractice and the
result is kids who are powder kegs waiting to go off--kids who take guns
to school and murder teachers and classmates. As I told legislators at
the time of the Moses Lake killings--you are only going to twist some
minds so far before they will snap. Minds are snapping.

I have a curriculum, obtained via the Nine Mile Falls School District,
entitled "Language Circles." In the front of the book, it instructs the
teacher in the methods of creating conflict in the child to attain the
wanted behavioral change. I obtained the curriculum via a mother whose
child was being exposed to this curriculum. The child was having
nightmares!!!! When I looked at the curriculum, I could fully
understand why. The curriculum is sordid, sadistic, masochistic. When
the parent --the wife of a minister--complained to the teacher, the
teacher told the parent that she (the teacher) hoped the parent wasn't
"imposing her moral values on the child." To give you some idea of
what the curriculum included, the following is an outline of one story
from this curriculum:

The young boy, Fles, escapes from the "establishment" in which he
resides, to the "nature" beyond. He plays in a stream and accidentally
breaks the mask covering his face. He has been told that if he sees his
face, he will die, so he curls up on the bank, waiting to die. When he
doesn't, he realizes how beautiful his face is, and that the mask isn't
necessary and races back to the "establishment" to tell everyone they
don't need to wear their masks. The final paragraph of the story reads,
"'Please,' he cried, but they didn't hear. A tear ran down his cheek.
He didn't struggle as the gray synthetic bag dropped over his body."
Can you imagine the effect of this story on the mind of young child
forced to read it by a teacher? Can you comprehend the debilitating
effect of such a story on a young mind? Yet children are being exposed
to stories such as this, even ones worse, on a daily basis in the
classroom under education reform.

Another prime example is "The Giver" in which the child is exposed to
graphic infanticide, sadism, masochism and a warped sense of reality.

As you may or may not recall, a copy of "Rage" by Stephen King (under a
pseudo name) was found by the bed of the boy who killed the teacher and
three students at Frontier Junior High in Moses Lake. What do you
expect when kids are being exposed, on a daily basis, not to mind
expanding works of literary accomplishment, but to mind numbing and mind
altering garbage, most of which is sadistic, masochistic and sordid?
This material isn't what parents are shown on "curriculum night," it is
supplemental teaching materials that most parents aren't even aware
exists. The Future of Washington Schools Project survey shows that 86%
of all parents haven't a clue what education reform is about. These
parents haven't a clue that teachers are no longer teaching from
textbooks!! Parents still believe that teachers have the same moral
standards and principles as they [parents] do; they trust that the
teachers are the "experts." In too many instances, that trust is blind
to what teachers are doing--the teachers are simply doing what they have
been told to do, and they don't stop to think about what they really are
doing. Yes, parents have a responsibility to know what their child is
being taught, but exactly when has the debate on education reform ever
taken place? Who from the state has taken the time to truly be honest
with parents
about the realities of education reform and when has that happened? The
fact of the matter is that it hasn't. Parents have purposely been kept
in the dark because most don't have the time to do the research that a
few grassroots activists have done. They are too busy trying to pay the
excessive taxes being burdened on families to support the programs
destroying families and children!!!!!

Couple these curriculums with the DARE program that teaches children
that taking a gun to school is a "choice" that the child must make. It
doesn't say, "Guns kill." It doesn't say, "Guns don't belong at school."
It doesn't say taking a gun to school is wrong. It says taking a gun to
school is a choice, and if you choose to do it, it's okay because you
choose to do it. What do you expect? You don't tell a child that such
is a choice. You tell him that it isn't a choice. Children must have
limits. If they aren't given those limits, they will seek those
limits--even if such is destructive to themselves and others!! Moral
relativism, values clarification and nondirective education are
destructive, pure and simple.

As I have stated repeatedly, unless and until our legislators are
willing to stop sticking their collective heads in the sand and start
addressing the realities of what children are being exposed to in the
classroom on a daily basis, the killings are going to continue. You can
continue to blame the problem on children's access to guns (the media
bent), but children have always had access to guns. It was not until
the last ten years in which children have been immersed in behaviorally
modifying techniques in the classroom that this problem has occurred.
While these techniques have been perfected in classrooms over the last
thirty years, children have not been immersed in them to the extent they
are now being immersed under "Goals 2000" and "School to Work".

Lynn M. Stuter

+++++++++++++++++++++++++
Human Bar Codes
Date: Tue, 02 Jun 1998 06:57:03 -0800
THE SACRAMENTO BEE
Computer ID gets personal: Verifying identities goes high tech with
scanning of human 'bar codes'

By Michael Stroh Bee Staff Writer (Published June 1, 1998)
Imagine if your house were smart enough to unlock the front door at the
sound of your voice. Or your office PC only logged you onto the Internet
after first recognizing your face.

In short: What if machines could scan and identify us like soup cans in
a grocery store so we never had to carry another key or recall another
arcane PIN number ever again (hmmm . . . was it my husband's birthday or
my poodle's age?).

Once stock props for James Bond flicks, the technology to identify
people by the pits and freckles of the iris, the whorl and arch of the
fingerprint, or the timbre of their voice -- a technology known as
"biometrics" -- is not just possible, "it's here," said Ed Howard,
executive director of the Center for Law in the Public Interest in Los
Angeles.

"It's science fact, not science fiction."
Today dozens of companies in the United States are developing biometric
devices. Last year biometric firms worldwide sold roughly $140 million
worth of equipment -- $33 million for uses outside law enforcement.
Some analysts predict the worldwide biometrics industry could balloon to
as much as $1 billion by 2001.

"In the Information Age, security is becoming more and more important;
people are looking for better ways to protect their data. Biometrics can
do that," said Erik Bowman, a biometrics industry analyst with
CardTech/SecurTech in Bethesda, Md.

The technology is taking off, experts say, because it allows companies
and government agencies to identify people much more surely than with
Social Security numbers, mothers' maiden names and other common methods
used today.

"These have become so widely available, and so widely compromised, that
they're no longer useful for really definitive identification," said
John Stafford of the California Bankers Association. "Someone can steal
a Social Security card or driver's license, but they cannot take your
fingerprint or your retina."
Consider:

The Immigration and Naturalization Service in January installed
face-recognition technology on the California-Mexico border at Otay
Mesa. Now commuters who don't want to spend hours waiting to cross the
busy border can pay a yearly fee of $129 to zoom through a special lane
that scans their faces.

BMW is working on a car with built-in fingerprint recognition that
requires the owner's finger to start the engine.

MasterCard is experimenting with fingerprint scanners as a replacement
for the traditional signature to seal a purchase.

At the Winter Olympics in Nagano, Japan, athletes had to spread their
hand over a hand geometry reader to check in. A similar device is used
in the San Francisco International Airport to access secure areas.

Despite its high-tech image, biometrics has a long history. The ancient
Chinese studied finger images, trying to unlock the secret of the
swirls.

But it wasn't until the 1880s -- when British anthropologist Sir Francis
Galton first calculated mathematically that no two people could have the
same fingerprint pattern -- that biometrics found practical application.
Soon after the discovery, British police started to use prints to ID
criminals.

As the use of biometrics today moves beyond fingerprinting criminals and
into personal identification, some say the technology raises troubling
legal and ethical questions.

The human retina, for example, can reveal whether a person has certain
diseases such as diabetes, causing some to fear a biometric retina
scanner could be misused by insurance companies or employers to
discriminate.

Critics also wonder who will have access to the digital storehouse of
retinas or fingerprints kept by companies, and what would happen if this
human bar code data were sold or traded, much the way magazines sell
subscription lists to junk mail companies today?

"It scares the dickens out of me," said Beth Givens of the Privacy
Rights Clearinghouse in San Diego.

Lawmakers are only now beginning to wrestle with these questions.

The House Domestic and International Monetary Policy Subcommittee last
month held a hearing on biometrics to bring legislators up to speed on
the technology.

Meanwhile, Assemblyman Kevin Murray, D-Los Angeles, is pushing a bill --
the first of its kind in the country -- that would attempt to build
walls around biometric data and prevent it from being misused.

The bill, AB 50, would make illegal the sale of voice, fingerprint and
retina databases to third parties. It would also prohibit the use of
such information in discriminatory practices. If the bill passes, a
bank, for example, couldn't stick face-recognition bank machines only in
branches located in poor neighborhoods.

The bill, slated to be heard June 9 in the Senate Public Safety
Committee, has the unlikely backing of both the California Bankers
Association and the nonprofit Center for Law in the Public Interest.

"We can't let the genie out of the bottle," said Howard, the executive
director with the Center for Law in the Public Interest. "We can't let
an industry emerge with a profit motive to sell this kind of information
to as many people as possible."
Those in the biometric industry argue that many fears surrounding
biometric devices are unfounded.

Retina scanners are not designed to diagnose illness. Even databases of
hand or face scans would be worthless to third-party companies. The
reason: Most devices don't even store a person's entire fingerprint or
retina image, just its digital shorthand, the key areas needed to
differentiate one person from another.

"It's more a public relations issue the industry has to deal with," said
Bowman, the industry analyst.

Still, those in the industry do admit that biometrics is by no means
foolproof.

A hacker, for instance, might be able to pilfer a data base of, say,
fingerprints and use this to access a secured computer system.

Biometrics is susceptible to other, more mundane, problems too. A finger
can accidentally be burned, scarred or amputated, making fingerprint or
hand scanners unreliable, if not useless. People grow beards and have
plastic surgery, which may throw off face recognition technology. A
stressful day may cause the voice to waiver enough to confuse a voice
recognition reader.

Companies that make biometric devices have thought through these
problems -- and even the most macabre fraud scenarios.

To prevent desperate criminals from trying to cut off somebody's finger
to gain access to a secure computer or bank vault, fingerprint scanners
made by Mytec Technologies of Toronto, Canada, also measure skin
temperature to determine whether somebody's finger is alive or dead.

Miros Inc. of Wellesley, Mass., has programmed its face-recognition
device to differentiate between a two-dimensional photograph of a person
and the real McCoy. (Although company officials have said the technology
might confuse identical twins.)
Meanwhile, researchers are even now trying to come up with more ironclad
biometric devices, many of which are even more outlandish than those
being made today.

They're trying to cook up ways to recognize us by the distinct pattern
of veins in our hands or heat distribution under the skin of our faces.
One day, experts say, it may even be possible for machines to do what
only our loved ones and blood hounds are capable of today: to ID us by
our scent.

"This is all 'Brave New World' stuff," said Givens.
www.sacbee.com
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
TO: MEMBERS OF CONGRESS AND BUSINESS AND CONSERVATIVE LEADERS

FROM: STEVE FORBES, HONORARY CHAIRMAN AMERICANS FOR HOPE, GROWTH AND
OPPORTUNITY
SUBJECT: STEVE FORBES MEMO; CLINTON-GORE AWOL ON Y2K
Bridgewater, New Jersey, May 15, 1998--/Y2K WIRE/
--The Year 2000
(Y2K) computer crisis is now upon us and the federal government is even
more woefully unprepared than the rest of society.

The implications are ominous. Medicare, the IRS, the Federal Aviation
Administration and other basic agencies are operating on utterly
out-of-date technology. It doesn't take much imagination to see how
dreadfully wrong things could go.

Some Y2K problems have surfaced already; more will surface soon.
Most states begin their fiscal 2000 years on July 1, 1999; the federal
government, on October 1, 1999.

"There is very little realization that there will be a
disruption," Sherry Burns, director of the Central Intelligence Agency's
office studying the Year 2000 problem, told Reuters. "As you start
getting out into the population, I think most people are again assuming
that things are going to operate the way they always have. That is not
going to be the case."

"There is no way we're going to fix 100% of all the computer systems
around the world in time," warned Edward Yardeni, chief economist with
Deutsche Morgan Grenfell, in an April interview with the technology
magazine, FORBES ASAP. "My analogy is the 1973-74 recession. Just the
way a disruption in the supply of oil caused a global recession, a
disruption in the flow of information, especially if it is critically
important information, might similarly disrupt global economic activity
and produce a recession."

The federal government's Y2K compliance efforts recently received a
"D-minus" grade by the House Subcommittee on Government Management,
Information and Technology, chaired by Representative Steve Horn of
California.

What has the Administration's technology point man, Vice President Al
Gore, been doing for the past five years?

-- Only 63% of the 7,850 federal computer systems deemed "mission
critical" that is, vital to protecting U.S.
national security, health, safety, education, transportation, and
financial and emergency management
will be ready on January 1, 2000.

-- Five Cabinet-level departments (Defense, Education, Transportation,
Labor and State) received "F" grades. Only 24% of Defense's
mission-critical systems have been fixed to date. Only 36% are expected
to by fixed by January 1, 2000.
At this rate, Defense's mission-critical systems won't be completely
fixed until 2009.

-- "The impact of [Year 2000 computer] failures could be widespread,
costly, and potentially disruptive to military operations worldwide,"
concluded a chilling April 1998
General Accounting Office report. "In an August 1997
operational exercise, the Global Command Control System failed testing
when the date was rolled over to the year 2000. GCCS is deployed at 700
sites worldwide and is used to generate a common operating picture of
the battlefield for planning, executing, and managing military
operations. The U.S., and its allies*would be unable to orchestrate a
Desert Storm-type engagement in the year 2000 if the problem is not
corrected."

Serious problems face the private sector, too. According to March
surveys by the Information Technology Association of America and The Y2K
Group:

-- 94% of information technology managers see the Y2K computer issue as
a "crisis";

-- 44% of American companies have already experienced Y2K computer
problems;

-- 83% of U.S. Y2K transition project managers expect the Dow Jones
Industrial Average to fall by at least 20% as the crisis begins to
unfold;

At its core, this is not a technology crisis; it is a leadership crisis.
We have the technology to fix or replace every computer and software
program affected by Y2K, though it will be expensive. Technical
corrections are estimated to cost between $300 billion and $600 billion
globally. Litigation, lost business and bankruptcies could drive the
costs over $1 trillion.

Distracted by scandals and side-tracked by questionable crises like
global warming, the Clinton-Gore Administration is failing to insure
that vital government computers will be fixed in time.
Nor are they impressing the American public and foreign governments with
the urgency of this crisis. Why such silence?
Are they trying to limit public concern until after the mid-term
elections? The stakes are too high for such partisan political games.

With the Clinton-Gore Administration AWOL, Congress must urgently fill
this leadership vacuum. Increase defense funding to speed up compliance.
Create Y2K compliance penalties and incentives for key federal agencies.
Require the Federal Emergency Management Agency (which itself received a
"D-minus" grade for Y2K compliance) to develop contingency plans for
major disruptions in vital services.

Move fast. Time is short.

Contact:

Joel Rosenberg Communications Director (703) 925-9281
http://www.ahgo.org/
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
F.Y.I. Israel in the News
Week Ending: May 30, 1998/5 Sivan 5758
=================
"You shall count fifty days to the day after the seventh sabbath; then
you shall present a new grain offering to the L rd." Leviticus 23.16
==================
SHAVUOT THE FESTIVAL OF WEEKS: Shavuot, will take place this year
between sunset on Saturday, May 30, and sunset on Sunday, May 31. It is
a legal holiday in Israel. Shavuot marks the giving of the Torah (the
Five Books of Moses) at Mt. Sinai, seven weeks after the exodus of the
Jewish people from Egypt. Indeed, Shavuot literally means "weeks" and is
celebrated seven weeks after Passover. The celebration of Shavuot is
specified in Leviticus 23.15 21 and Deuteronomy 16:10. In Jerusalem,
there is a widespread custom of going to the Western Wall which will
be exceptionally crowded for the morning prayers. Shavuot prayers at
the Wall are often accompanied by dancing and singing. The Shavuot
morning prayers are marked by hymns and special scriptural readings,
including the Book of Ruth. In ancient times, Shavuot marked the end of
the barley harvest, and the beginning of the wheat harvest. Jewish
farmers brought their first fruits to the Temple in Jerusalem
(Deuteronomy 26:1 11), where special sacrifices were offered (Numbers
28:26 31). (Government Press Office)

PRE HOLIDAY TENSIONS IN SHECHEM: Arabs in Shechem prevented some 30
Yeshiva students from entering Yeshivat Od Yosef Chai Thursday, and then
attacked them with stones. The Palestinian Authority (PA/PLO) police
assisted the Israel Defense Force (IDF) soldiers in attempting to
restore peace, and the soldiers dispersed the attackers with tear gas.
The reason for the controversy: The Arabs refused to allow the students
to bring in the extra equipment they needed for the Shavuot holiday.
After intense talks, during which time no one was allowed in or out of
the Yeshiva, the army agreed to reduce the number of yeshiva students
and family members who would be allowed to spend the holiday there from
100 to 50. (Arutz Sheva)

VIOLENCE ON JERUSALEM DAY: Violence broke out between Jewish
demonstrators and PA/PLO security guards at the PA/PLO headquarters in
the Orient House in Jerusalem. The guards attacked demonstrators of the
Yerushalim Shelanu (Our Jerusalem) [ourjrlm@mail.netvision.net.il]
movement, grabbing and attempting to burn their Israeli flags. The
Temple Mount and Land of Israel Faithful Movement
(www.templemountfaithful.org), on their way to the Temple Mount, joined
the demonstration and burned a black coffin on which was written, "The
Oslo agreements and the 'Palestinian' state of terrorists". [The Orient
House operates as a Foreign Ministry and HQ for the PA/PLO, in
contravention of the Oslo accords, which outlaw any official PA/PLO
activity in the capital. ed] Palestinian Arabs also threw stones at
worshipers in Rachel's Tomb in Beit Lechem (Bethlehem).

The police did not allow the Temple Mount Faithful to enter the Temple
Mount Sunday. Gershon Solomon, founder and leader of the group, said,
"We have lost the Temple Mount. Exactly 31 years after we heard, 'The
Temple Mount is in our hands,' the situation is that it is not in our
hands. Feisal Husseini [PA/PLO Minister of Jerusalem Affairs] orders the
Israel Police to close off the Mount, and it is closed. We simply allow
our sovereignty to disintegrate, and this is a terrible disgrace for the
Jewish people." The group also carried a Trojan horse to symbolize that
the PA/PLO are like a Trojan horse in the midst of the land of Israel.

Meanwhile, at the Jubilee Parade, 22,000 marchers made their way from
the Jaffa Gate through the city to Sacher Park. An estimated 150,000
spectators cheered along the route.

In response to the celebrations, PA/PLO leader Yasser Arafat said:
"According to the [peace] agreements, east Jerusalem, holy Jerusalem, is
part of our occupied territory." [According to Article V, Section 3 of
the Declaration of Principles, discussion of the status of Jerusalem
will not take place until the permanent status negotiations/refer to:
http://www.israel.mfa.gov.il/peace/dop.html] The festivities were also
attended by several leading American politicians, including House
Speaker Newt Gingrich, which further incited the wrath of Palestinians.
(Arutz Sheva, TMF, MED, BBC)

ISLAMIC CONNECTION TO JERUSALEM WEAK: Former Israeli Ambassador to Egypt
Moshe Sasson, an expert on Islamic affairs, explained the exact nature
of Islam's connection to Jerusalem: "We must differentiate between the
holiness of the city and the holiness of sites within the city. The
Caliph Abd El Malik, when he moved his center of power from Damascus to
Jerusalem, sought to build up the importance of Jerusalem as an Islamic
center, and built the mosques there. The Al Aqsa mosque was built 61
years after Mohammed's death. Jerusalem is not mentioned even once in
the Koran (it is mentioned 667 times in the Bible), and the Al Aqsa
mosque is mentioned only once and even that is not a reference to the
mosque of today. In verse 1 of chapter 17, the Koran states that Allah
transported Mohammed from Mecca to Al Aqsa; but this cannot be referring
to the mosque in Jerusalem, because when Mohammed was alive, there were
no mosques there. Rather, it refers to the 'end' (aktsa, in Arabic) of
the sky." Sasson said that in Islam, there is a differentiation between
political sovereignty and religious significance: "None of the holy
cities in Islam are political capitals. " Sasson said that the holiness
of Jerusalem to Islam can therefore not be an issue when discussing its
future political status. (Arutz Sheva)

ON THE NORTHERN FRONT: An Israeli patrol was attacked with explosives
before midnight Wednesday in the western sector of the Security Zone,
killing two IDF soldiers and wounding three others. The Hizb'Allah
terrorist organization claimed responsibility for the murders.

According to security sources, some residents of the Security Zone may
have collaborated with the Hizb'Allah gunmen who planted and detonated
the bomb. Earlier, two Israeli helicopters raided suspected Hizb'Allah
targets north of the Security Zone. IDF and soldiers from the South
Lebanese Army (SLA) engaged in a protracted exchange of fire with
Hizb'Allah terrorists in southern Lebanon for much of Tuesday, Ha'aretz
reported. During the course of the exchange, Hizb'Allah fired mortar
shells on Israeli territory near the border fence in Israel's north. The
shells fell in the Galilee panhandle and the western Galilee; the second
time in 24 hours that shells were fired into Israel. In response, the
IDF used artillery, fighter planes and helicopters against the
Hizb'Allah positions.

On Wednesday, the Monitoring Group for the Grapes of Wrath
Understandings found Lebanon guilty of violating the Understandings in
two incidents which involved the firing by terrorists from Barachite and
Hadatta villages. These attacks consisted of over 50 mortar bombs fired
from the center of Barachite and Hadatta villages. Further, the
Committee concluded that Lebanon violated the understandings in that two
Mortar bombs fell on Israeli territory. The Committee concluded that two
incidents of SLA fire into Lebanese villages were in violation of the
Understandings but added that the firing was in response to extensive
attacks committed by Hizb'Allah from within those same villages.

It now appears, after US intervention, that Syria is willing to discuss
the Israeli proposals for a withdrawal from Lebanon. This is because the
US has received hints that Iran would be willing to take part in an
arrangement on this matter, and that Iran guarantees to be responsible
for Hizb'Allah's activities after an Israeli withdrawal. (AFP, Israel
Line, ICEJ, IDF Spokesman, Arutz Sheva)

FUND FOR YESHA: The Knesset Finance Committee approved Wednesday the
allocation of NIS 130 million ($35.7 million) for religious schools and
Jewish towns in Judea and Samaria. Moshe Yogev, treasurer of the Amanah
settlement organization, stated that NIS 35 million ($9.6 million) were
earmarked for the construction of three new by pass roads: from Tekoa
(near Gush Etzion) to Jerusalem; a road by passing El Aroub (in Gush
Etzion), and one to by pass Bitouniyah (in the Ram'Allah area). An
additional NIS 18 million ($4.9 million) will be provided for the
regional councils in Judea and Samaria.

ARAB LEADERS CALL FOR SUMMIT: The Egyptian Foreign Minister, Amr Moussa,
has held talks in Saudi Arabia with Crown Prince Abdullah. Details of
the talks were not immediately available, but correspondents say they
are part of intense diplomatic efforts to convene an Arab summit to
discuss the deadlocked Middle East peace process. Arafat has been
touring the region to garner support for the proposal. A statement
issued in the United Arab Emirates, where Arafat held talks with
President Sheikh Zayed Ibn Sultan Al Nahyan, said the two leaders agreed
on the need for an emergency summit to restore Arab solidarity. The
Saudi crown prince was to meet on Saturday with President Hafez al Assad
of Syria and will meet on Sunday with King Hussein of Jordan. The summit
is expected to be held next week in Damascus. The Egyptian daily al
Ahram said on Thursday said that the proposed Arab mini summit will
include the PA/PLO, Morocco, Syria, Saudi Arabia, Oman, Jordan, the
United Arab Emirates and Egypt. (In what is supposed to be negotiations
between two parties Israel and the PA/PLO
it is, in reality, Israel against the US, Britain, Switzerland, France,
the EU, UN and the entire (almost) Arab world ed) (BBC, ArabicNews)

PA/PLO COUNCIL DELAYS NO CONFIDENCE VOTE: The Palestinian Council on
Saturday delayed a no confidence vote in Arafat's government, giving it
at least two weeks to respond to charges of corruption and inaction. The
council is the PA/PLO's first democratically chosen body. Arafat has
largely ignored the council, and lawmakers are demanding he start
enforcing their laws, replace some of his Cabinet ministers and submit
the 1998 budget for council approval. Last week, 28 legislators
including several members of Arafat's own Fatah faction signed a
petition in favor of holding a no confidence vote. If the confidence
motion passes, it would force Arafat to make changes in his Cabinet but
would not affect his position. (AP)

IRAN TO PROVIDE MONTHLY FUNDING TO HAMAS: A detailed agreement has been
signed between Hamas spiritual leader Sheikh Ahmed Yassin and Iran.
According to the French Arabic language newspaper Alouten al Araby, the
agreement specifies that Iran will provide Hamas with at least $15
million every month. Hamas will undertake to act against both the PA/PLO
and Israel, with the purpose of destroying the Oslo process. Iran will
help Hamas carry out terrorist activities abroad, and a Palestinian
"Hizb'Allah" along the lines of the Lebanese Hizb'Allah will be formed.

In other news, after his recent visit to Arab countries, it is reported
by Yediot Aharonot that Yassin will receive a total contribution of $50
million for Hamas. The money was pledged by host governments, Islamic
organizations and individual Hamas supporters. During his tour, Yassin
issued hostile statements including a call to fight Israel "until the
liberation of Palestine".

Meanwhile, senior defense officials and IDF commanders met Thursday to
discuss whether or not Israel would allow Yassin to return to the Gaza
Strip following his fund raising trip abroad. One senior IDF officer
said Yassin had deceived Israeli and PA/PLO officials by using his
medical condition to gain permission to go abroad and then embarking on
a fund raising tour. A decision is expected in the coming days, defense
sources said. Yassin said Tuesday he expected Israel to be eliminated
and a Palestinian state to be established early in the first quarter of
the 21st century. The 61 year old wheelchair bound cleric was freed by
Israel last October after serving eight years of a life prison sentence
for attacks against Israel attacks by Hamas. (Arutz Sheva, Israel Line,
Jerusalem Post)

PM NETANYAHU IN CHINA: Prime Minister Netanyahu said on Tuesday that
Chinese leaders gave him an "absolute commitment" that they are not
providing Iran with nuclear weapons technology and will not in the
future, Ha'aretz reported. China also emphasized that it does not
provide Iran with materials that could be used to produce nerve gas.

However, in another story, according to US sources, China has recently
transferred about 1,000 tons of specialty steel to Iran amid suspicions
that it is being used, at least in part, for Teheran's missile program,
Ha'aretz reported. US intelligence discovered the shipment after it had
already arrived in Iran, the sources said. Two months ago, Azerbaijani
authorities, tipped off by US intelligence, intercepted the transfer of
22 tons of stainless Russian steel along their border with Iran. U.S.
officials said they believe the steel could be used to make fuel tanks
for Scud missiles.
(Israel Line)

PA SMUGGLING WEAPONS VIA SINAI TUNNELS: The PA/PLO is obtaining weapons
illegally smuggled from the Sinai via tunnels as well as locally
produced arms, some of which have been used in clashes with Israeli
troops, a very senior military source said Sunday. This may include
anything from Katyusha rockets, Stinger shoulder fired anti aircraft
missiles and anti tank weapons. Under the interim agreements, all
weapons brought into PA/PLO areas must be registered by Israel. The
PA/PLO is prohibited from manufacturing grenades and heavy munitions.
The source said the Palestinians are already producing Uzi submachine
guns and grenades in secret workshops in Gaza. (Jerusalem Post)

GOLAN R.E. FOR SALE: The Golan Regional Council has begun a campaign to
bring more residents to the region. 380 houses are being offered for
sale in 14 communities, both religious and secular. Some of the houses
are being sold for as little as NIS 170,000 ($46,670) for 70 square
meters (760 sq. ft.), and NIS 400,700 ($110,000) for houses twice as
big. Some 17,000 Jews presently live in the Golan Heights.

Meanwhile, Syria has condemned Israel's plan to settle more people in
the Golan. Damascus charged that the Israeli government was closing off
all roads to peace in the Middle East. The Syrian newspaper Tishrin
charged that PM Netanyahu has succeeded in destroying the peace process
because the US government has not taken a tough stance against him.
(Arutz Sheva, Kol Yisrael)

HEBRON DAY: On Sunday Hebron and Kiryat Arba celebrated the 31st
anniversary of the liberation of Hebron during the Six Day War in 1967.
A parade of Kiryat Arba Hebron youth marched from the Ramat Mamre
neighborhood in Kiryat Arba through the main Kiryat Arba neighborhoods,
to Ma'arat HaMachpela in Hebron. In the evening special outdoor
festivities were hosted in Kiryat Arba.

Meanwhile, Attorney General Eliyakim Rubinstein and Chief Prosecutor
Edna Arbel visited Hebron on Thursday. They were hosted and escorted by
the Hebron Police Force and toured the three Jewish neighborhoods and
Ma'arat HaMachpela. Their visit continued the dialogue started several
weeks ago at a meeting between Hebron leaders and the AG at his office
in Jerusalem. They received explanations from Hebron's Noam Arnon, Orit
Struk and Avraham ben Yosef as well as police officers and other
security forces. A group of Hebron women and children staged a small
demonstration outside Beit Hadassah, protesting continued harassment of
Hebron's Jewish population by the prosecutor's office.

One Hebron man whose weapon was confiscated for no apparent reason,
father of a very large family, tried speaking with Rubenstein, but was
effectively ignored. The Hebron community has demanded that the
discriminatory law enforcement rules applied to residents of Hebron and
Yesha be annulled. The AG has promised to 'make minor revisions' but
refuses to totally void them. (Hebron Press Office)

SURVEY: AMERICAN JEWS SUPPORT GOVERNMENT: An American survey has found
that the majority of American Jews support Prime Minister Netanyahu's
policies. Despite what is conveyed by the Israeli press, the survey
showed that 56% support Netanyahu and his policies, while 34% are
against it. Also, 69% are in favor of American pressure on Arafat and
they don't believe that he is fighting terror. (Arutz Sheva)

JEWISH ORGANIZATIONS INITIATE CLASS ACTION AGAINST SWISS CENTRAL BANK:
US lawyer Michael Hausfeld said Wednesday that he intends to file a
class action suit against the Swiss central bank, demanding the
restitution of looted property which it received from Nazi Germany. The
large Jewish organizations are behind the lawsuit. Hausfeld was speaking
following the publication of the Bergier Commission report, which stated
that the Swiss National Bank bought gold from Germany valued at nearly
$4 billion in real terms, most of which was looted.
It also stated that gold valued at $1.4 million bought by the bank, was
looted from victims of the Nazis, mainly from Holocaust victims.

According to Hausfeld the lawsuit will probably be filed within a week,
and 80,000 potential claimants have registered in his office over these
past months. Hausfeld said that the law suit will be filed on behalf of
7 11 million people, demanding that the bank return all property in
its possession which does not belong to it. He did not specify the
amount of money stated in the law suit.

US Undersecretary of State Stuart Eizenstat was to publish Friday the
second part of the US government report on trading in German gold during
the Second World War. The report is supposed to focus on other
countries, excluding Switzerland, which purchased the stolen gold,
mainly via Bern. (Globes)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
FYI - Israel In The News "For Zion's sake will I not hold my peace, and
for Jerusalem's sake I will not rest" Isaiah 62:1
'F.Y.I.' may be reproduced & distributed in any form. Please give proper
credit. Send comments to Lee Underwood at: fyi@tzemach.org (Do not send
subscription requests here) Web site: http://www.tzemach.org/fyi To
subscribe/unsubscribe, send request to: fyi-list-request@tzemach.org For
subscriptions, in the subject area, enter: subscribe (Do not enter
anything else) To unsubscribe, in the subject area, enter: unsubscribe
(Do not enter anything else)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
How To Fall In Love With The Word
By Terry Denbow

" Thy word is very pure, therefore Thy servant loves it." Ps. 119:140


How we long for someone to be genuine and honest; someone you can
trust. That person would be honorable and forthright.
How we marvel at gold that is 24kt. or the cheesecake that doesn't
skimp but is the richest and creamiest. How we enjoy well made clothes
and the innocence of a small child, or the beauty of real jewels.
Their pureness cannot compare with the purity of God's word. It
is infallible and transparent. Nothing is shady or has an ulterior
motive. It is pure through and through. Purer than what the eye can
see, the genuine thing, exalted above God's own name. And loving the
Word is loving Jesus.

(KJV)
" I will worship toward the holy temple, praise Thy name for Thy
lovingkindness and for Thy truth; for Thou hast magnified Thy word above
all Thy name."
Ps. 138:2

The Jews were not even allowed to speak His name because it was
too holy and He has exalted His word above His name.

How to fall in love with the Word

1. Recognize your need

There is already an attraction there promoted by the Lord Himself;
because the Bible says that no one seeks after God. (Ro. 3:11)
Therefore any love we have at all for God is from Him.

"By this love of God was manifested in us, that God has sent His only
begotten Son into the world so that we might live through Him. In this
love, not that we have loved God, but that He loved us and sent His Son
to be the propitiation (satisfaction) for our sins." I John 4:9&10

Catch this because it is important. We did not seek God; or love God.
It was never us reaching up for God but God reaching down to us.
Humbling huh? We did not see our need, He showed us our need. He
called, He wooed us because of His great love for us.
In view of that, the obvious is to pray for more love for Him and His
word.

2. Study the Word

"Great are the works of the Lord; they are studied by all who delight in
them."
Ps. 111:2

Your walk with God will be less than fulfilling if you are not studying
His word. It will only be 2 dimensional and your relationship with the
Lord will be distant. When you love someone you spend time with them so
you can get to know them. The Bible contains the very words from God's
own mouth! God the creator of all things!! God my Savior, God my
Father. Do you really want to be doing all the talking all the time?
There are so few who listen and He has so much to say.

(listen)
(wisdom is speaking
"Blessed is the man who listens to me, watching daily at my gates,
waiting at my doorposts." Proverbs 8:34

"Guard your steps as you go to the house of God, and draw near to listen
rather than to offer the sacrifice of fools; for they do not know they
are doing evil."
Ecc. 5:1

"And she had a sister called Mary, who moreover was listening to the
Lord's word, seated at His feet." Luke 10:39

3. Pour out your heart to Him

There is a time to pray; all the time. This sounds very contradictory
from what I just shared. Just talking all the time or just listening
all the time is not what God wants. He wants a relationship,
conversation. (conversation-informal, familiar talk) Familiar talk with
Someone you can become familiar with. Conversation also means 1st you
talk then they talk. Not just 1 person doing all the talking or
listening.
Familiar conversation also means sharing everything not just the big
stuff. Praying means talking, being in communication with God all the
time. Sharing your broken heart or your smallest joy.

"In the morning, O Lord, Thou wilt hear my voice; in the morning I will
order my prayer to Thee and eagerly watch."
Ps 5:3

"I rise before dawn and cry for help; I wait for Thy words."
Ps. 119:147

If you are not in the habit of acknowledging God in everything you do,
practice talking to Him. Chances are if you are not talking to Him,
you're listening to the devil. Jesus is everything. Focus all your
energy, mind and strength on Him.
The more you give yourself to Him, the more in love with him you'll
become. The more you'll want to die to please Him, the more you'll
hunger and thirst for more of His word.

Christ likens us as to His bride. The bride:

"Like an apple tree among the forest, so is my beloved among the young
men. In his shade I took great delight and sat down, and his fruit was
sweet to my taste. He has brought me to his banquet hall, and his
banner over me is love. Sustain me with raisin cakes, refresh me with
apples, because I am lovesick."
S of S 2:3-5

The bridegroom:

"How beautiful you are, my darling, how beautiful you are! Your eyes
are like doves behind your veil; Your hair is like a flock of goats that
have descended from Mount Gilead. Your teeth are like a flock of newly
shorn ewes which have come up from their washing, all of which bear
twins, and not one among them has lost her young. Your lips are like a
scarlet thread, and your mouth is lovely. Your temples are like a slice
of pomegranate behind your veil."
S of S 4:1-3

"You are all together beautiful my darling, and there is no blemish in
you. Come with me from Lebanon, by bride, may you come with me from
Lebanon."
S of S 4:7 and part of 8 (read more of this if you can)

He looks upon us with longing and as if we were sinless. He's waiting,
calling us with open arms to come away with Him.

Your Sister in Christ,
Terry Denbow
BibleBabe@eee.org


