Prophe-Zine
Issue # 10

Credits..........

	Statement of Faith.........

			& Other stuff.........

Raymond Gano............Welcome to Issue # 10
Dave Breese .......Questions & Answers Regarding Bible Prophecy
Ron Rhodes........ "Millennial Madness"
Jack Van Impe......The Coming World Government
Dave Hunt........."Pre-Wrath" Or "Pre-Trib" Rapture?
Alan Yusko.......The Coming Mark Of The Beast & Rise Of Antichrist
Todd Strandberg.....The Hot Zone, Current events that are fast moving and
supportive of Bible prophecy.
Prophe-Zine News Bites..... Assorted Authors and News Services
Prophe-Zine's Cool World Wide Web Sites

Special Thanks to: To you my reader. It is because of your letters that I
am taking this great step in faith in putting out a bi-weekly newsletter.
Without you and your hunger for more news, Prophe-Zine would have never
come about.

Publication Cycle Notice: Prophe-Zine will be published (up loaded), on
the 1st and the15th of each month. (bi-weelkly)

Prophe-Zine is freely distributed to the major on-line services, BBSs, and
to the Internet.

The Editor of Prophe-Zine can be reached by sending e-mail to:
ray673@best.com. Please write the Editor if you are interested in receiving
guidelines for submission to Prophe-Zine

Statement of Faith

THE PURPOSE of Prophe-Zine is to carry out the command of the Lord Christ
Jesus, recorded in

 Matthew 28:19:
                          "Therefore go and make disciples of all nations"

Prophe-Zine is a Christian publication grounded in the deity of Christ and
the inerrancy of Scripture.  The major intent of the editors is first, the
giving out the message of the Gospel, "For what I received I passed on to
you as of first importance: that Christ died for our sins according to the
Scriptures, that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day
according to the Scriptures," 1 Cor. 15:3-4.

The Editor of Prophe-Zine holds to a strictly literal and inerrant Bible
interpretation, salvation through Christ alone, a soon pre-tribulation
Rapture of all believers and the establishment of a thousand-year kingdom
on earth. The evangelism of the unbelievers and the exhortation of the
believers take precedence over all other activities of this ministry.

Prophe-Zine may not agree with some of the authors and their beliefs, but
Prophe-Zine believes that we must endeavor to keep the unity of the spirit
(In other words agree to disagree), so Prophe-Zine feels that it must give
equal time to other biblically based doctrines in all fairness.

Eph 4:3 Endeavoring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.

In His service,

Ray Gano

The Legal Stuff About Prophe-Zine

Prophe-Zine
Copyright © 1995 Raymond B Gano
All rights reserved.

Please ask for permission before reproducing or reprinting specific
articles and/or graphics, since some of the individual works appearing in
Prophe-Zine are copyrighted works belonging to their respective authors or
artists and are used here with their permission.

Prophe-Zine may be freely distributed under the following conditions:
It may not be included in a software package without prior consent from
the author. It may not be distributed or reproduced for commercial
purposes.

Prophe-Zine's editor uses a Quadra 840 AV Macintosh computer. Programs
include: MacWrite, MacDraw Pro, Color-It, JPEGview, Popcorn, OnLine Bible
KJV 2.1, plus any other freeware that I can get my hands on to fill up the
hard drive and use up even MORE RAM (needs 8 more megs, those graphics are
killing me)

The Editor  is currently looking for submissions, artists, writers,
fiction, reviews, columnists and other help for Prophe-Zine  articles. If
interested, please write the Editor to receive a guideline for submissions.


Feedback and suggestions from the Prophe-Zine readers are ALWAYS WELCOME!
Don't just tell me that you actually liked reading Prophe-Zine, tell me
what YOU would like to see in future issues!


********************************************************
Welcome to Issue # 9

Hi ya all,

Thank you for downloading the newest issue of Prophe-Zine. This  is a
special issue. From this issue on, Prophe-Zine is going Bi-weekly ( that's
every 2 weeks ) So you will be getting even MORE news now. I am really
going to need your help now.

What Prophe-Zine needs:

1. Prayer, Prayer, Prayer...

2. I need writers and articles. I am putting out twice a month, that means
I need double the articles. OK all you closet authors, here is your chance.


3. Even more readers.

4. More ways to get Prophe-Zine out to the rest of the world.  I will be
putting up a WWW site here in the near future.

SO I am really trusting you all and taking a step in faith. I know that
with the Lord's help and a little help from you, my readers, I will put out
an even better newsletter.

I would like to share a letter from a new reader. This person was SO
encouraging and I was so blessed by his letter I just had to share it with
all the rest of you. I receive alot of "Flames" because I am a Christian
and because I publish Prophe-Zine. It is letters like Locke Curfman's that
re-energizes me and confirms that this is what the Lord wants. I hope you
enjoy what Locke wrote to me as much as I did. Also I would really love to
hear from more of you. In fact please give me ANY testimonies that involve
Prophe-Zine so that I can publish that also and encourage all of us.

Ray,

I would be most honored and thrilled to continue receiving your
newsletter.  I have received it today and read the entire newsletter and I
LOVE IT!!!! - I too feel strongly that your push to publish a bi-weekly
letter would be very well received.  With events moving as quickly as they
are in the world, the faster we (Christians) can receive accurate
up-to-date, Christian world view articles and information, the better.  I
especially enjoy the wide variety of authors that you showcase and the
breadth of information on all the topics of interest (the Rapture, Israel,
the Third Temple, the PLO) - your doctrinal statement is right in line with
my beliefs, thank you for stating that while you hold firmly to your stated
doctrine, you are committed to bringing about the unity of believers by
including articles and comments by those with whom you may agree to
disagree - that is a most Christ-like attitude to have!

Please add me to your mailing list - I look forward to reading my next
issue of Prophe-Zine!  I thank and praise God daily for people like
yourself and like Rob Smith (MrnMrsRob@aol.com) who are steadfast in making
Christians aware of the Great Commandment and the Great Commission and the
fact that the time is at hand.  May God continue to bless your work!

And May God receive the glory!

Locke Curfman

Thank You Locke again for that encourageing letter.

Please pray for the Peace of Jerusalem and for Israel (Ps 122). 1996 will
be a very special year for Israel. Jerusalem has a chance of being split
and given to the PLO. The PLO would receive East Jerusalem (The old city).
Keep your eyes on the Peace treaties, the PLO, Russia, and all the
elections.

"We will carry our struggle to Jerusalem,"
                     -- Yasser Arafat, the PLO chairman, addressing the
crowd in
                           Tulkarm by phone. London Telegraph. 12/11/95 ---

I echo Locke's words and wish you a very Happy New Year.  I pray that all
your loved ones, friends, family who do not know the Lord, come to know Him
in this new year. I pray that the Lord continues blessing you and your
loved ones in this new year.

I pray that you remember that we are living during a time of great
urgency. So make every minute count in serving the Lord. Go out and boldly
proclaim the Gospel, the more you use those evangelistic muscles the
stronger they become.

Eph. 6:10-13
10 Finally, be strong in the Lord and in His mighty power.
11 Put on the full armor of God so that you can take your stand against
the devil's schemes.
12 For our struggles are not against flesh and blood, but against the
rulers, against the authorities, against the powers of this dark world and
against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly realms.
13 Therefore put on the full armor of God, so that when the day of evil
comes, you may be able to stand your ground, and after you have done
everything, to stand.

In His service,
Ray
ray673@best.com
Raymond673@aol.com

**********************************************
Questions And Answers Regarding Bible Prophecy
By Dave Breese
Host of the television show "The King Is Coming"

Question:
In the Parable of the fig tree ( Mt. 24: 32-35), Jesus was saying that
when the fig tree blossomed, that generation would not pass away until He
returned. Does the fig tree refer to Israel? And how long is a generation?
Shouldn't Jesus have returned by now?

Answer:
Although many theologians use the fig tree to illustrate Israel, there is
no iron-clad scripture we can point to that says that is what it symbolizes
here. Regarding the length of a generation, this is something about which
theologians differ. Some say it is 20 years, some say 30, some say 40 and
some say it is a lifetime, approximately 70 years.

Some people have put together date theories that since the nation of
Israel was born (the fig tree "putteth forth leaves) in 1948, Christ was to
have returned by 1978 or 1988, or which ever. It is far more enriching to
explore the context in which Jesus put forth this parable.

The parable is found in the middle of the "Olivet Discourse" a message He
gave to the Jews telling them of the terrible experiences they would have
during the tribulation. He is telling them that "This Generation" - the
generation that experiences all the things that He has been talking about -
will not pass before He returns in power and great glory ant the Battle of
Armageddon.

Regarding the exact time of His return, Jesus addressed this issue in the
Olivet Discourses as well:  " But of that day and hour knoweth no man, no
not the angels of heaven, but my Father only"  Mt 24:36

So, it is not open to our conjecture to set a date for His return. We are,
however, told to be watchful, because is will be rather unexpected:
"Therefore be ye also ready; for in such an hour as ye think not the Son of
man cometh," Mt 24:44

Question:
What is Humanism? Our pastor has mentioned this in his sermons, and I see
this word in Christian literature, but I do not understand what it is.

Answer:
In brief, humanism is a philosophy touching virtually every aspect of
life, and has been declared by the United States Supreme Court  to be a
religion. it is referred to by it advocates as a "faith" and a "religion."

Humanists reject the Deity of God, the inspiration of the Bible, and the
Deity of Jesus Christ. It scoffs at the idea that men need to be saved, and
that they have a soul which is eternal. Humanism rejects the doctrines of
the Bible such as life after death, judgment, Heaven, and Hell. It scoffs
at the Biblical account of creation. It believes that there are no
absolutes - that is, no right and wrong- and holds that all moral values
are self-determined and situational. Each person, therefore, is allowed to
do their own thing, "as long as it does not harm anyone else."

Humanism is working towards the removal of distinctive roles of males and
females in society, and advocates sexual freedom between consenting
individuals regardless of their age. Premarital sex, homosexuality, and
incest are approved. It upholds the right to abortion, euthanasia (mercy
killing), and suicide. It is pushing for the equal distribution of
America's wealth in order to reduce poverty and bring about equality; and
believes in control of the environment and control and limitation of
energy. It plays down American patriotism and seeks to undermine the free
enterprise system while all the time urging the creation of a one-world
socialist government.

Humanism has very cleverly taken over the public school system. Teachers,
who have been and are now being educated in colleges supported by public
tax money, have sneaked humanism into the classroom in a very subtle
manner.

Concerning all of this, the Bible makes several declarations which are pertinent:

 "O Lord, I know that the way of man is not in himself; it is not in man
that walketh to direct his steps,"
Jer 10:23

" Man's goings are of the Lord; how can a man, then , understand his own
way?" Prv 20:24

Every interested citizen , and especially every parent, ought to be aware
if what is going on in the classroom, and one way to find out is to examine
the textbooks and the materials used by the students. A generation raised
on such philosophy as that outlined here is having a devastating effect
upon America and its way of life. This is but one more evidence hat we are
indeed living in the Last Days

Question:
When I try to tell my friends about Bible Prophecy, they say that people
have been talking about these events that are going to happen for hundreds
of years. How should I reply?

Answer:
First of all, what your friends have been telling you is, in and of
itself, one more prophecy being fulfilled! Listen to what the Apostle Peter
says:

" Knowing this first, that there shall come in the last days scoffers,
walking after their own lusts, and saying, Where is the promise of his
coming? For since the fathers fell asleep, all things continue as they were
from the beginning of the creation" 2 Peter 3:3-4

The fact of their unbelief being a fulfilled prophecy might be a good
starting-off point for your discussion. From there, you might look at the
many signs of the last days given us by Jesus in Matthew Chapter 24, and by
Paul in 2 Timothy chapter 3. For example:

"For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom; and
there shall be famines, and pestilence, and earthquakes, in various places.
All these are the beginning of sorrows," Mt 24: 7-8

"This know, also that in the last days perilous times shall come. For men
shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud,
blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, Without natural
affections, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers
of those that are good, Traitors, heady, high-minded, loves of pleasures
more than lovers of God," 2 Tim 3:1-4

"But evil men as seducers shall become worse and worse, deceiving, and
being deceived, " 2 Tim 3:13

The situations described in these and other Scriptures are all dovetailing
together to indicate to us that indeed the time is getting short. It is
true that no one knows exactly when Christ will return, but we must be
individually ready for His coming by accepting Him as our personal Savior
before He returns or before we die:

"Therefore be ya also ready; for in such an hour as ye think not the Son
of man cometh," Mt 24: 44

One helpful way of looking at Bible Prophecy with those not  versed with
it is to compare the prophecies in the Bible with the news items presented
in the newspapers or the television news broadcast. This can be very
enlightening! We would encourage you not to be weary in well-doing , but
continue to lovingly discuss these matters with those close to you. Also,
remember to pray for them on a regular basis.

About Dave Breese:

Dave Breese is the Bible Teacher on The King Is Coming telecast. Each
week, he speaks to the nation, expounding God's plan for the future from
the prophetic scriptures.

World Prophetic Ministry teaches Bible Prophecy in these End-Times
days.Through our outreach of books,audio and video cassettes, and our
highly acclaimed telecast The King Is Coming, we proclaim the Good News:
Christ died for our sins and is coming again soon.

Please Write Dave and tell him that you saw his article here in
Prophe-Zine. He has a free catalog of books and newsletters that you can
order from him. They are an excellent resource for the study of Prophecy
and World events.

Write to :
World Prophetic Ministry
P.O Box 907
Colton, CA  92324

*******************************************
"Millennial Madness"
by Ron Rhodes.

"Book your mountain top while there's still time," the soothsayer says.
"You may find them in increasingly short supply as we draw near A.D. 2000."

Millennial madness. It swept across the world at near-epidemic levels just
prior to A.D. 1000, and we will no doubt witness much of the same as we
approach the turn of the second millennium. Some are predicting imminent
doom, others a glorious utopia. Either way, millennial madness is on the
rise and will almost certainly afflict a significant share of humanity over
the next decade.

Millennial Madness: Act 1._ Just before A.D. 1000, many believed the end
was near. To prepare for the end, "men forgave their neighbors' debts,
people confessed their infidelities and wrongdoings....The churches were
besieged by crowds demanding confession and absolution....Prisoners were
freed yet manyremained wishing to expiate their sins before the end."[1]

As Christmas (A.D. 999) arrived, there was an outpouring of love. Stores
gave away food; merchants refused payment. On December 31 the frenzy
reached new heights. Pope Sylvester II held a midnight mass in the Basilica
of St. Peter's in Rome. There was a standing-room-only audience -- but the
people weren't standing; they were on their knees.

After the mass had been said, a deathly silence fell over the
congregation. Finally, as the clock uneventfully ticked past 12, church
bells began ringing. Amid weeping and laughing, husbands and wives
embraced. Friends exchanged "the kiss of peace." Enemies were reconciled.

But life soon resumed its normal rhythm. "Merchants ceased giving away
their goods. Prisoners were captured to be placed back in the slammer.
Debts were remembered. And life went on as if nothing happened."[2]

Millennial Madness: Act 2._ Now it's our turn. There are growing signs
that we are in for a similar outbreak of mass hysteria as we approach A.D.
2000.

New Agers are representative of those who look for a utopia. Ken Carey,
author of several New Age handbooks, envisions A.D. 2000 as a kind of
psychic watershed, beyond which lies "a realizable utopian society."[3]
David Spangler agrees, noting that the Mayan and Aztec civilizations
believed that a "cycle of dark ages" would end before A.D. 2000; following
this, a New Age of harmony and wholeness will emerge.[4]

Other soothsayers have predicted doom. Shortly before his death in 1961,
Carl G. Jung had a series of visions and saw worldwide catastrophe prior to
A.D. 2010. In recent months, Elizabeth Clare Prophet of the Church
Universal and Triumphant has been saying that an "Ascended Master" has
informed her that catastrophe awaits the world. She says Russia is about to
invade the U.S. and thus has directed her followers to build large bomb
shelters to house the faithful.

Millennial madness has grievously afflicted some who write about the
Rapture and/or second coming of Christ. Prophecy teacher Mary Stewart Relfe
claimed she received revelations indicating the Second Coming will occur in
1997.[5] Lester Sumrall said in his book, _I Predict 2000 A.D._: "I predict
the absolute fulness of man's operation on planet Earth by the year 2000
A.D. Then Jesus Christ shall reign from Jerusalem for 1000 years."[6]

We have witnessed only the beginning of millennial madness for the coming
decade. As one observer has commented, the approach of the year 2000 will
undoubtedly bring "a synergistic climb toward panic" that will produce
social effects that are both "substantial" and "potentially dangerous."[7]

I can think of eight reasons Christians should maintain millennial sanity
in the coming years. First, over the past 2,000 years, the track record of
those who have predicted and/or expected "the end" has been _100 percent
wrong._ The history of doomsday predictions is little more than a history
of dashed expectations. Though it is _possible_ we are living in the last
days, it is also possible that Christ's second coming is a long way off.

Second, those who succumb to millennial madness may end up making harmful
decisions for their lives. Selling one's possessions and heading for the
mountains, purchasing bomb shelters, stopping education, leaving family and
friends -- these aredestructive actions that can _ruin_ one's life.

Third, Christians who succumb to millennial madness (for example, by
expecting the rapture to occur by a specific date) may end up damaging
their faith in the Bible (especially prophecy) when their expectations
fail.

Fourth, if one loses confidence in the prophetic portions of Scripture,
biblical prophecy ceases to be a motivation to purity and holiness in daily
life (_see,_ e.g., Titus 2:12-14).

Fifth, Christians who succumb to millennial madness may damage the faith
of _new_ and/or _immature_ believers when predicted events fail to
materialize.

Sixth, millennial soothsayers tend to be sensationalistic, and
sensationalism is unbefitting to a Christian. Christ calls His followers to
live _soberly_ and _alertly_ as they await His coming (Mark 13:32-37).

Seventh, Christians who get caught up in millennial madness can do damage
to the cause of Christ. Humanists enjoy scorning Christians who have put
stock in end-time predictions (especially when specific dates have been
attached to specific events). Why give "ammo" to the enemies of
Christianity?

Eighth, the timing of end-time events is in God's hands, and we haven't
been given the details (Acts 1:7). As far as the Second Coming is
concerned, I close with the sound advice of  David Lewis: "It is better to
live as if Jesus were coming today and yet prepare for the future as if He
were not coming for a long time. Then you are ready for time and
eternity."[8]

-------------
1 Frederick Marten, _The Story of Human Life and Doomsday,_ summarized in
_Critique,_ June-September 1989, 65.
2 _Ibid._
3 Bill Lawren, "Are You Ready for Millennial Fever?" _Utne Reader,_
March/April 1990, 96.
4 _Emergence,_ Dell, 1984, 19.
5 _Economic Advisor,_ 28 Feb. 1983.
6 LeSEA, 1987, 74.
7 James Oberg, quoted by Lawren, 97.
8 _Prophecy Intelligence Digest_ 6, no. 3, 3.

-------------

End of document, CRJ0043A.TXT (original CRI file name),
(an article from the Viewpoint column of the Christian Research Journal,
Fall 1990, page 39)

The Editor-in-Chief of the Christian Research Journal is Elliot Miller.

(A special note of thanks to Bob and Pat Hunter for their help in the
preparation of this ASCII file for BBS circulation.)
----------------------------------------------------------------
Copyright 1994 by the Christian Research Institute.
----------------------------------------------------------------
COPYRIGHT/REPRODUCTION LIMITATIONS:
This data file is the sole property of the Christian Research Institute.
It may not be altered or edited in any way.  It may be reproduced only in
its entirety for circulation as "freeware," without charge.  All
reproductions of this data file must contain the copyright notice (i.e.,
"Copyright 1994 by the Christian Research Institute").  This data file may
not be used without the permission of the Christian Research Institute for
resale or the enhancement of any other product sold.  This includes all of
its content with the exception of a few brief quotations not to exceed more
than 500 words.

If you desire to reproduce less than 500 words of this data file for
resale or the enhancement of any other product for resale, please give the
following source credit:  Copyright 1994 by the Christian Research
Institute, P.O. Box 500-TC, San Juan Capistrano, CA 92693.
-----------------------------------------------------------------

The Christian Research Journal is published quarterly by the Christian
Research Institute (CRI) -- founded in 1960 by the late Dr. Walter R.
Martin.  While CRI is concerned with and involved in the general defense of
the faith, our area of research specialization is limited to elements
within the modern religious scene that compete with, assault, or undermine
biblical Christianity.  These include cults (that is, groups which deny
essential Christian doctrines such as the deity of Christ and the Trinity);
the occult, much of which has become focused in the contemporary New Age
movement; the major world religions; and aberrant Christian teachings (that
is, teachings which compromise or confuse essential biblical truth).

Regular features of the Journal include "Newswatch," witnessing tips and
book reviews.

YOURS FOR THE ASKING

Did you know that CRI has a wealth of information on various topics that
is yours for the asking?  In fact, a free subscription to the Christian
Research Newsletter is yours if you contact CRI and ask for one saying that
you found out about the offer from this computer text file.  We offer a
wide variety of articles and fact sheets free of charge.  Write us today
for information on these or other topics.  Our first-rate research staff
will do everything possible to help you.

Christian Research Institute
P.O. Box 500-TC
San Juan Capistrano, CA  92693

(714) 855-9926

********************************************
The Coming World Government
By Dr. Jack Van Impe

The United Nations' growing army

Since Boutros Boutros-Ghali became United Nations secretary-general in
1992, the military forces of the world organization have expanded
exponentially.

"Then there were 4,000 peacekeepers worldwide," writes Michael Ignatieff
in a New Yorker profile of Boutros-Ghali. "Now, a mere three years later,
there are more than 70,000. Wherever the secretary-general goes, he
commands assets on the ground which most heads of state would envy: tanks,
troops, helicopters, Landcruisers, satellite dishes, convoys of trucks.
Twenty years ago, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for
Refugees consisted of some lawyers in Geneva revising and amending the
international conventions concerning refugees. Now it is a global
rapid-reaction force capable of putting 50,000 tents into an airfield
anywhere within 24 hours."

The August article continues: "The United Nations once oversaw discrete
development projects. Now it takes over the political and administrative
infrastructure of entire nations.... Well-paid civil servants from a dozen
countries rush from meeting to meeting in white Landcruisers. These lords
of poverty do not see themselves as the new imperialists of the post-Cold
War era. They talk the jargon of development: building 'local capacity,'
strengthening 'indigenous initiative.' But there is an imperial premise at
work here: wealthy strangers are taking upon themselves the right to rule
over those too poor, too conflict-ridden, to rule themselves."

Globalists using environmental issues

A study of little-known official U.S. and United Nations documents reveals
the alarming pace of plans to use environmental concerns to promote world
government. Take, for example, the Global Biodiversity Assessment, mandated
by the U.N.'s Convention on Biological Diversity treaty. Here are some
highlights from the GBA's many thousands of pages:

   * "Societies dominated by Islam, and especially Christianity have gone
     farthest in setting humans apart from nature.... In the process ...
     nature (has) lost its sacred qualities." (Section 8.3.5)

   * "... Population growth has exceeded the capacity of the biosphere ...
     to sustain it.... An 'agricultural world' in which most human beings
     are peasants, should be able to support 5 to 7 billion people. A
     reasonable estimate for an industrialized world society at the present
     North American material standard of living would be 1 billion."
     (Section 9.2.3.2)

   * "Representative areas of all major ecosystems in a region need to be
     reserved, that blocks should be as large as possible (up to 25 million
     acres each), that buffer zones should be established around core areas,
     and that corridors should connect these areas. This basic design is
     central to the recently proposed 'Wildlands Project' in the United
     States."

Clearly, this document is laying the groundwork for a secular world
authority that will control the population by any means necessary. It is
worth noting that the "Wildlands Project" referred to recommends "that at
least half of the land area of the 48 conterminous states ... be
encompassed in core reserves and inner corridor zones ... within the next
few decades. During the initial stages of park and reserve establishment,
there may be a transition phase while local inhabitants are provided with
options for relocation outside of the area." In other words, what this plan
calls for is conservation of natural resources. The U.S. plan, meanwhile,
would serve as a model for a worldwide population control effort. (Daniel
7:23 and Revelation 13:7, 16-18)

Progress of European Union

According to estimates by a British think tank, two Europeans in three
will be participating in complete monetary union by 1999 - only four short
years from now.

Projections by the National Institute of Economic and Social Research show
that by the end of 1997, six countries will meet the four main convergence
criteria set out in the Maastricht treaty. That core group consists of
France, Germany, Ireland, Luxembourg, the United Kingdom and Denmark -
which accounts for 56 percent of the European Union's population (370
million) and slightly more than 60 percent of its gross domestic product
($7,400 billion). (Daniel 7:20)

Word for word

Is world government being actively promoted by powerful people in the
West? Strobe Talbott is deputy U.S. secretary of state and a good friend of
President Bill Clinton. Here's what he said in 1992 about the need for a
New World Order: "Within the next hundred years nationhood as we know it
will be obsolete; all states will recognize a single global authority. A
phrase briefly fashionable in the mid-20th century - citizen of the world -
will have assumed real meaning. All countries are basically social
arrangements. No matter how permanent and even sacred they may seem at any
one time, in fact they are all artificial and temporary." (Revelation 13:7)

Jack Van Impe Ministries
If you have a internet account, check out JVI's web site....
hhtp://twibp.com/~jvim

********************************************

"Pre-Wrath" Or "Pre-Trib" Rapture?
By Dave Hunt

This is the time of year when the world publicizes the birth of  our Lord
- but mostly in order to make merchandise of Him. Christmas is big
business, generally promoted by godless merchants whose only  interest is
in using the occasion to make a profit. One day they will stand before the
Christ of Christmas as their Judge.

Rather than pointing the finger at others, however, each of us ought to
examine carefully his own heart. Are we, too, attempting to use Christ for
our own ends?  Do we embrace Him merely as an escape from hell to heaven
while basically living for self?  Or are we truly eager for His will to be
"done on earth as in heaven," beginning with  complete submission of
ourselves to Him in everything?

Let this Christmas season be a solemn reminder that the One Who was born
in Bethlehem is soon to return to this earth in power and  great glory to
execute judgment.  First, however, He will take His own to His Father's
house of "many mansions," where "we must all appear  before the judgment
seat of Christ" (2 Cor. 5:10).

Then will come that heavenly marriage and honeymoon.  We could be caught
up at any moment to meet Him in the air.  That "blessed hope" causes this
earth to lose its attraction, purifies our lives and  motivates us to win
the lost because we believe the time is short.

Our removal from earth to heaven will allow the Antichrist to be revealed
to rule over the revived Roman Empire.  It has been exciting  to see the
worldwide dimensions of that "last days" kingdom begin to  take shape.

We have noted that the collapse of communism opened the door for the
fulfillment of a dream first voiced by Gorbachev and the Pope: a United
Europe extending "from the Atlantic to the Urals." From that  base of power
a "new world order" will emerge - a concept long  ridiculed as Utopian
nonsense but now accepted and even taken for  granted.

Talk of a new world order now falls naturally from the lips of President
Bush and other world leaders, who seem unaware that their brave new world
will be ruled by the Antichrist.

Plans call for earth's division into ten regions (the "ten toes" of
Nebuchadnezzar's image signifying the revived Roman Empire?), each  with
its own security council and a strategic strike force for maintaining peace
and preventing a recurrence of events similar to Iraq's invasion of Kuwait.

Thus the stage is being set for the fulfillment of an amazing  prophecy:
"And in the days of these kings (represented by the ten toes) shall the God
of heaven set up a kingdom, which shall never be destroyed... it shall
break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms"  (Dan 2:44).

Christ's birth in Bethlehem came at the precise time God had planned (Gal.
4:4) and, like His death, was intimately related to the Roman Empire.
Likewise the revelation of the Antichrist will be at a pre-ordained time (2
Thess. 2:6) and will require the presence of the revived Roman Empire.

It is only fitting that the evil Empire which crucified Christ should be
revived so that He can destroy it at His Second Coming.

We have previously given numerous reasons why the church must be  raptured
at the beginning of the seven year tribulation period.  Once the dominant
believe among evangelicals, the pre-trib rapture is falling increasingly
into disfavor.

The latest attack upon this belief is found in Marvin Rosenthal's  "The
Pre-Wrath Rapture of the Church: A New Understanding of the  Rapture, the
Tribulation and the Second Coming. " This book's novel ideas cannot be
supported by Scripture, and Rosenthal's attempts to do so create numerous
contradictions.

Nevertheless, we have received so many letters asking about the book from
people who were swayed by it that a brief critique seems necessary.

Rosenthal, long a confirmed pretribulationalist, has abandoned  that
position and "now believes that the Church will have to endure  the
persecution of the Antichrist." His basic thesis is that the church will
"not escaape all of the oppression of the 'Tribulation' period, "but" will
escape the wrath of God, which will be poured our...during the second half
of the 'Tribulation' period."

Numerous problems immediately arise.  Since the Antichrist, according to
Rosenthal, must appear first, the church is no longer watching and waiting
for Christ but for Antichrist.  Moreover, even after the Antichrist takes
control of the earth the church cannot look for Christ until she has
suffered considerably under that "Wicked" one.

If Rosenthal is correct, then one can no longer expect Christ at any
moment.  Imminency has been lost, and with it the "blessed hope" that
sustained believers for centuries.

If the church must remain on earth to face Antichrist, then  Christians
would refuse to take his mark or to worship his image.  As a  result, they
would all be put to death.  We are told: "And it was given unto him
(Antichrist) to make war with the saints and to overcome them...and he(the
false prophet) had power to...cause that as many as would not worship the
image of the beast should be killed...and that no  man might buy or sell,
save (except) he that had the mark...of the  beast...(Rev. 13:7, 15-18)

Clearly the church, Christ's bride, must have been removed, for the
Antichrist could not make war with and overcome her against whom our Lord
said, "the gates of hell shall not prevail" (Matt 16:18).

Then who are these "saints?" They can only be those who have not come
under the strong delusion (2 Thess 2:10-12) because they previously never
heard and rejected the Gospel.

Millions will believe in Christ during the Great Tribulation - and  they
will pay for their new-found faith with their lives.  John tells us: "After
this I beheld...(in heaven) a great multitude, which no man could number,
of all nations, and kindreds, and people, and tongues...before the throne,
and before the Lamb, clothed with white robes...These are they which came
out of great tribulation, and have  washed their robes, and made them white
in the blood of the Lamb."   (Rev. 7:9-14)

A "pre-wrath rapture" would hardly be a "blessed hope."  In fact, it
would be a non-event, for there would be few if any Christians left  alive
to rapture at that time.  Could any Christian take Antichrist's mark and
thus survive to be raptured?  Indeed not!  Revelation 14:9-10 makes it
clear that those who "worship the beast and his image, and  receive his
mark" will be consiged to hell.

In building his unbiblical thesis, Rosenthal falls into a number of  other
errors.  He insists that 2 Peter 3:10-11 "is not talking of total
annihilation of the earth" because Peter earlier said that the world of
Noah's day "perished," yet it was not totally annihilated.

The analogy fails, for Peter includes in the future judgment the heavens,
which he specifically says "shall pass away with a great noise" while the
very elements of which all is composed "shall melt with the  fervent heat."
It certainly sounds like the destruction of the entire universe, during
which "the earth also and the works therein shall be  burned up."

In its place, God will create a "new heavens and a new earth, wherein
dwelleth righteousness" (v13).  It is gross error to interpret specific
language calling for the complete consumption by fire of the entire
universe as merely a surface cleansing of the earth because that was what
happened at the flood.  He also suggests that this "cleansing  of the
earth" will take place before the Millenium whereas Revelation
21 clearly places it at the end of the Millenium.

Rosenthal goes to the non-canonical book of Maccabees to try to prove that
the "falling away" that Paul refers to in 2 Thess 2:3 is a Jewish apostasy
and has nothing to do with the church.  Yet Paul is writing to Christians,
not to Jews.  He has already given warning many times about the coming
"falling away," as have Peter and Jude.

They repeatedly refer to apostasy among professing Christians.  The writer
to Hebrews deals with the same theme in chapter 6.  To suggest that because
the book of Maccabees refers to a Jewish apostasy, this is then what Paul
is talking about, is insupportable.  Most of those whom Paul was addressing
at Thessalonica were converted Greeks who would have no reason to associate
"apostasy" with an incident in Jewish history involving Antiochus
Epiphanes, a story they probably didn't even know.

Moreover, Israel was already in apostasy when Paul was writing: she  had
rejected and crucified her Messiah and was persecuting Christians.  So to
suggest that Paul is declaring that some future apostasy is coming  to an
already apostate and unbelieving Israel is illogical.

One error leads to another.  The author asserts that signing the pact with
the Antichrist "will be Israel's great apostasy"  (pp. 205-207).  That an
already spiritually apostate Israel would be going into apostasy by signing
a political/military pact with the world ruler again makes no sense.
Moreover, Paul says that the apostasy  precedes the revelation of the
Antichrist (2 Thess 2:3).  To avoid the obvious contradiction of having
Israel sign a pact with Antichrist  before he's been revealed, Rosenthal
proposes a new meaning for "revealed."

He says that it doesn't mean when Antichrist steps from obscurity into
power, but when he puts his image in the temple and Israel recognizes that
he is the Antichrist.  Yet Paul says that the Antichrist will be revealed
not through the placing of his image in the temple, but when "He who now
hinders (i.e. the Holy Spirit in Christians)...is taken  out of the way..."
(2 Thess 2:7,8).

How could apostate Jews who have rejected Christ be hated of all nations
for Christ's names sake?!  It is one thing to recognize that the Antichrist
is evil, and something else entirely to believe that Jesus is the Christ.
That will only happen to Israel when He appears to rescue  her at
Armageddon (Zech. 12:10).

Rosenthal suggests that "the Antichrist is a man who lived  before...He
will literally be raised from the dead: (p.208).  In fact, he suggests that
this man ruled an ancient kingdom that impacted Israel, so he has been dead
for at least 2,500 years.  Marvin tries to proves  this "resurrection" from
the Scripture which says "I saw one of his heads a though it were wounded
to death" (Rev 13:3.  Not to recover from  what seemed to John "as though
it were" a mortal wound is a far cry from bringing back to life a totally
decomposed 2,500-year-old corpse!

He then uses the same scripture to say that this man will suffer a  mortal
head wound in the middle of the 7-year pact with Israel and be  raised from
the dead.  By what rule of exegesis does one prove two contradictory
theories from the same scripture?  Lack of space prevents  dealing with the
many other errors in "The Pre-wrath Rapture."

Christ's repeated warnings that He would come at a time when one  would
least expect Him (Matt. 24:44; Luke 12:40, 21:34-36) cannot be  reconciled
with Rosenthal's thesis.  Surely as Antichrist's persecution and slaughter
of the church proceeded, the dwindling number of surviving Christians would
long for and expect the rapture.

Yet Christ depicted conditions upon earth during the last moments  before
His catching away of His bride as a time of such ease and boredom that:
"While the bridegroom tarried they all (even the five 'wise' virgins)
slumbered and slept" (Matt 25:5).  Either Christ was mistaken or Rosenthal
is.

Even though God's wrath had not yet been poured out, a church that  was
enduring Antichrist's wrath, involving the most vicious persecution  and
slaughter of Christians in history, would not be sleeping any more  than a
church that found itself in the midst of Armageddon!  Rosenthal's
"Pre-wrath" theory thus suffers from the same contradictions as a
"post-trib" rapture.  Much of the Christmas scene promotes false concepts
that will help Antichrist pretend to be "Christ."  The promise  of "Peace
on earth" announced by the angels at the birth of Christ will not be
realized until He personally reigns from David's throne in Jerusalem as the
prophets foretold.

Be not deceived by any call for a "new world order" that promises  peace
without the presence of the Prince of Peace.  May His joy be your strength
as you seek to glorify Him in your body and spirit, which are His (1 Cor.
6:20).  Let us maintain a pure witness until His return. He's coming soon!

The Berean Call is a free newsletter sent out to anyone who requests it.
Just write to:
The Berean Call
P.O. Box 7019
Bend Oregon 97708

*******************************************

The Coming Mark Of The Beast & Rise Of Antichrist
by Alan Yusko

  We are living in days when the antichrist is about to come upon the
world scene.  After the rapture of the Church the restrainer will be
removed and the antichrist will be able to rise to power.  He will come to
power and make a 7 year covenant with Israel. (note 1 week is 7 years in
the below verse)

 Daniel 9:27
  27  And he shall confirm the covenant with many for one week: and in the
midst of the week he shall cause the sacrifice and the oblation to cease,
and for the overspreading of abominations he shall make [it] desolate, even
until the consummation, and that determined shall be poured upon the
desolate.

  In the 'midst of the week' (after 3 1/2 years of the total 7 year
period) the antichrist will commit the abomination of desolation in the
rebuilt temple in Israel.  Right now Israel has plans to rebuild
the temple but due to political pressures they are held back.  The day is
coming when Israel will have the chance to rebuild and they will quickly
seize it.  Plans are in the works to rebuild the temple in
Jerusalem and restore the daily sacrifice.  Right now in Israel the temple
priests are being trained in all aspects of temple ceremony and sacrifices.
When they are able the daily sacrifice will be resumed.  While the temple
is being rebuilt the sacrifices can be performed.  All this can begin
quickly.

   After the rapture of the Church, the antichrist will come to power and
he will confirm a 7 year covenant with Israel.  He will break that covenant
by entering the rebuilt temple in Jerusalem and stop the daily sacrifice.
At this point he will sit down in the temple and claim to be god anddemand
that worship from all men.  The Bible says:

 2 Thessalonians 2:3
  3. Let no man deceive you by any means: for [that day shall not come],
except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed,
the son of perdition;
  4  Who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called  God, or
that is worshipped; so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, shewing
himself that he is God.

  The antichrist will claim to be God and try to exalt himself above
everything that is worshipped while he seeks worship from men. Notice that
the antichrist will oppose God and try to exalt himself above God.  He will
be sitting in the temple of God and claim to the world that he is God.
There will be all kinds of satanic miracles to confirm these things.  All
who have rejected the Lord Jesus Christ will accept the antichrist and will
bend the knee and worship him.

 Daniel 8:25
  25  And through his policy also he shall cause craft to prosper  in his
hand; and he shall magnify [himself] in his heart, and by  peace shall
destroy many: he shall also stand up against the  Prince of princes; but he
shall be broken without hand.

  During the days of the antichrist the occult will be everywhere. Today
we are seeing a rise in the occult with the New Age Movement. There is
really nothing 'new' about the New Age.  It is just old fashioned
occultism.  In the days of the antichrist the godless, the vile, and evil
will be greatly exalted.  The antichrist will not have to wage war to
conquer the world.  He will do it through PEACE. He will be a master
deceiver and negotiator and he: 'by peace shall destroy many'.  At the end
of his reign when the Lord Jesus Christ returns, the antichrist will stand
up against the Lord.  He will be quickly destroyed.

 Matthew  24
  21  For then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since  the
beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be.

  God will not be silent when all these evil things are happening during
the time of the antichrist.  The abomination of desolation committed by the
antichrist will cause the wrath of God to be poured out on the world.  The
next 3 1/2 years will be a time of 'great tribulation' on the world.

   Through history men have come to power and claimed to be God.  The Lord
Jesus warned that men would make that claim.  The goal is deception and
many men have gathered followers unto themselves while they made crazy
claims.

 Matthew 24:4
  4. And Jesus answered and said unto them, Take heed that no man  deceive you.
  5  For many shall come in my name, saying, I am Christ; and  shall
deceive many.

  When the antichrist claims to be God, he is the climax of the above
prophecy.  All others who made that claim were only shadows or forerunners
of the antichrist.  Many men have gathered a following and made claims to
be Christ.  They are only antichrists.  However the antichrist will make
that claim one day and demand that men worship him or die.

  At this point the antichrist will demand worship and begin a massive
killing holocaust to anyone who refuses worship.  All men will be required
to give their allegiance/worship to the antichrist by receiving the mark of
the beast.  To receive the mark of the beast a person must 'willingly'
worship the beast.  At that point he is lost forever and can never be
saved.

   The antichrist, the false prophet, and the governments of the world
will kill all those who refuse the mark of the beast.  Those who refuse the
mark of the beast will have their heads cut off. Notice the group below who
are before God and they died by being beheaded.  If someone does not
worship the antichrist and take the mark of the beast, the penalty will be
death.

 Revelation 20:4
  4  And I saw thrones, and they sat upon them, and judgment was  given
unto them: and [I saw] the souls of them that were BEHEADED  for the
witness of Jesus, and for the word of God, and which had NOT WORSHIPPED THE
BEAST, NEITHER HIS IMAGE, NEITHER HAD RECEIVED [his] MARK UPON THEIR
FOREHEADS, OR IN THEIR HANDS; and theylived and reigned with Christ a
thousand years.

 Revelation  12
  17  And the dragon was wroth with the woman, and went to make  war with
the remnant of her seed, which keep the commandments of God, and have the
testimony of Jesus Christ.

  Many have died for their faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. They faceddeath
knowing that the evil people can only kill the body and thenthey can do no
more.  Those who do the killing face a far worse fate.They will not only
have their body destroyed but they will die spiritually being cut off from
God for all eternity.

 Matthew 10:28
  28  And fear not them which kill the body, but are not able to kill the
soul: but rather fear him which is able to destroy both soul and body in
hell.

   So far we have seen how the antichrist will rise to power afterthe
rapture and confirm a 7 year covenant with Israel.  In themiddle of that
covenant he will break it.  He will enter the rebuilttemple in Jerusalem
and claim to be God and demand all men toworship or die.  This is the
abomination of desolation and willtrigger the 'great tribulation' when the
final judgments will be poured out on the earth by God.

  Next lets look at at the rise of the antichrist as shown in the Bible in
Revelation chapter 13.

 Revelation 13:1
  1. And I stood upon the sand of the sea, and saw a beast rise up out of
the sea, having seven heads and ten horns, and upon his horns ten crowns,
and upon his heads the name of blasphemy.
  2  And the beast which I saw was like unto a leopard, and his feet were
as [the feet] of a bear, and his mouth as the mouth of a lion: and the
dragon gave him his power, and his seat, and great authority.

  After the rapture the antichrist will rise from the 'sea' ofnations and
come to power.  The characteristic of his kingdom will beone of blasphemy.
He will blaspheme God and those in heaven andthose who belong to God.  The
beast will come to power very quickly.Look at verse 2.  He is like unto a
leopard which means that he willmove very quickly and deadly.  His feet
were like a bear and willdestroy any that stand in his rapid rise to power.
He has a mouthlike a lion and will have a 'roar'. "Be sober, be vigilant;
becauseyour adversary the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about,
seekingwhom he may devour:" (1 Peter 5:8)

  Finally who will give the antichrist his power, his seat (to rulethe
kingdoms of the world), and his great authority  ----> the devilhimself.
The antichrist will be possessed by Satan and directlycontrolled during
these closing days before the Second Coming of theLord Jesus Christ.

  3  And I saw one of his heads as it were wounded to death; and his
deadly wound was healed: and all the world wondered after the beast.
  4  And they worshipped the dragon which gave power unto the beast: and
they worshipped the beast, saying, Who [is] like unto the beast? who is
able to make war with him?
  5  And there was given unto him a mouth speaking great things and
blasphemies; and power was given unto him to continue forty [and] two
months.

   The antichrist will be assassinated after 3 1/2 years of the 7
yearcovenant he confirms with the nation of Israel.  It will be asatatanic
miracle and he will come back to life.  This 'resurrection'will cause the
world to 'wonder' and be amazed at the beast.  He willbe like a superman to
the world and will be loved and worshipped.Those who reject Jesus will be
amazed by this man and think he isinvincible.  They will say 'who is able
to make war with him?'

  He will speak 'proud' things and he will blaspheme God and
everythingthat is sacred.  He will have permission to continue his reign
for 42 months (that is 3 1/2 years before Jesus returns).

  6  And he opened his mouth in blasphemy against God, to blaspheme his
name, and his tabernacle, and them that dwell in heaven.

  His blasphemies are repeated again and again in Scripture.  Whatwe see
today with the rock groups blaspheming God in their lyrics isonly a
forerunner of the soon day when the antichrist will reign.Those days will
be great days of blasphemy against God and hispeople.  Not only will the
antichrist blaspheme but also will thoseof his kingdom.  Blasphemy will be
transmitted over the airwaves byTV, radio, news shows etc..  Again the
mockery of God we see todayin music, TV, movies etc is only a forerunner of
the day when theantichrist will rule.  At that time there will be no
restraint andgodless filth direct from hell will be readily available for
all.

  7  And it was given unto him to make war with the saints, and to
overcome them: and power was given him over all kindreds, and tongues, and
nations.

  The antichrist will start a killing campaign and kill as many ofGod's
people as he can.  He will literally rule the world and imposehis laws and
morality throughout the world...killing all he can whobelong to the Lord
Jesus Christ.

  8  And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are
not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of
the world.

  ALL, ALL, ALL, I repeat, ALL who reject the Lord Jesus will
openlyembrace the antichrist.  There is no middle ground.  A person
eitheraccepts the Lord Jesus Christ OR he will accept the devil and his
antichrist.

  9  If any man have an ear, let him hear.

  This is a direct warning from God.  Listen and be saved or faceperdition
in the lake of fire.  Hear what God is saying or be lost and spend your
eternity in hell.

  10  He that leadeth into captivity shall go into captivity: he that
killeth with the sword must be killed with the sword. Here is the patience
and the faith of the saints.

  Many will die during the 7 year reign of the antichrist. Theworld
population which is currently at about 6 billion will bereduced to only a
few million (if that) when the Lord Jesus Christreturns to earth.  During
those days it will be a literal holocauston believers. They will be 'open
season' for killing in those daysby those who willingly accept the mark of
the beast.

  11. And I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth; and he had
two horns like a lamb, and he spake as a dragon.
  12  And he exerciseth all the power of the first beast before him, and
causeth the earth and them which dwell therein to worship the first beast,
whose deadly wound was healed.
  13  And he doeth great wonders, so that he maketh fire come down from
heaven on the earth in the sight of men,
  14  And deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by [the means of] those
miracles which he had power to do in the sight of the beast; saying to them
that dwell on the earth, that they should make an image to the beast, which
had the wound by a sword, and did live.

   Above we have the introduction to the companion to theantichrist.  He
is known as the false prophet.  He is sort of asatanic John the Baptist who
will perform miracles and cause men toworship the beast.  He will not seek
his own worship but rather willforce men to receive the mark of the beast
and worship theantichrist.

   Those days will be days of great deception.  In fact if anyonerejects
the Lord Jesus then he is already deceived.  The devil wantsto take people
to hell and he does that be deceiving them to rejectthe free salvation by
the Lord Jesus Christ.

  15  And he had power to give life unto the image of the beast, that the
image of the beast should both speak, and cause that as many as would not
worship the image of the beast should be killed.

   An image of the beast will be setup and it will have supernaturalpower
to speak.  Again the goal is to get people to worship thebeast.  If a
person refuses to worship the image of the beast theywill be killed.

  16  And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and
bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads:
  17  And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the
name of the beast, or the number of his name.

  Here we have the fulfillment of the one world government and theone
world economic system.  It will be a cashless system driven bycomputers.
Today the world is rapidly putting in place all the
tools needed to implement the mark of the beast, one worldgovernment, and
cashless society.

   A person without the mark of the beast will not be able to transactany
business transaction.  He will not be able to work, to buy goods(food, rent
etc), or sell goods without the mark of the beast.  Theonly catch is to get
that mark a person must worship the beast.

 Matthew  16:26  For what is a man profited, if he shall gain the whole
world, and lose his own soul? or what shall a man give in exchange for his
soul?

  Many will exchange their eternal soul for the mark of the beast. By
taking the mark people will have their physical needs
TEMPORARILYsatisfied...but they will be lost eternally.

   What will happen to those who receive the mark of the beast by
worshipping the devil's antichrist?   Once they have received the mark they
have sealed their eternity.  They are lost and cannot ever be saved.  They
will burn forever in the lake of fire.  Keep in mind that in order to
receive the mark of the beast a person must willingly worship the beast.
No one will be tricked into secretly accepting the mark.  They will have to
make a open, willing decision to bend the knee and worship the beast.

See the verses below:

 Revelation 16:2
  2  And the first went, and poured out his vial upon the earth;and there
fell a noisome and grievous sore upon the men which HAD THE MARK OF THE
BEAST, and [upon] them which worshipped his image.

 Revelation 14:9
  9  And the third angel followed them, saying with a loud voice, If ANY
man WORSHIP THE BEAST and his image, AND RECEIVE [his] MARK IN HIS
FOREHEAD, OR IN HIS HAND,
  10  The same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is
poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation; and he shall be
tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of the holy angels, and
in the presence of the Lamb:
  11  And the smoke of their torment ascendeth up for ever and ever: and
they have no rest day nor night, who worship the beast and his image, and
whosoever receiveth the mark of his name.

  The above verses are pretty clear as to what will happen to all who
receive the mark of the beast and worship him.  They are forever LOST and
have nothing to look forward to except judgment!

   What will be the end of the antichrist, his kingdom, and his mark?
Look what happens when the Lord Jesus returns:

 Revelation  19
  19  And I saw the beast, and the kings of the earth, and their armies,
gathered together to make war against him that sat on the horse, and
against his army.
  20  And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that wrought
miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had received the mark
of the beast, and them that worshipped his image. These both were cast
alive into a lake of fire burning with brimstone.
  21  And the remnant were slain with the sword of him that sat upon the
horse, which [sword] proceeded out of his mouth: and all the fowls were
filled with their flesh.

 2 Thessalonians 2:8
   8  And then shall that Wicked be revealed, whom the Lord shall  consume
with the spirit of his mouth, and shall destroy with the  brightness of his
coming:

  When the Lord Jesus returns the antichrist and false prophet willbe
thrown into the lake of fire.  His kingdom will be destroyed andthe Lord
Jesus will setup His millennial Kingdom bringing in a timeof great peace
and prosperity to the earth.

What will happen to the devil, Satan when the Lord Jesus returns?

 Revelation 20:1
  1. And I saw an angel come down from heaven, having the key of the
bottomless pit and a great chain in his hand.
  2  And he laid hold on the dragon, that old serpent, which isthe Devil,
and Satan, and bound him a thousand years,
  3  And cast him into the bottomless pit, and shut him up, and set a seal
upon him, that he should deceive the nations no more, till the thousand
years should be fulfilled: and after that he must be loosed a little
season.

 The devil will be bound and thrown into the pit for the duration of the
1000 yearKingdom that the Lord Jesus will setup.  He will be allowed out
of the pit at the end of the 1000 year millennium to deceive those on earth
who have rejected the Lord Jesus.  Even though the Lord Jesus will be
physically present on earth for all to see, many will still reject Him.
The devil will deceive those people and the rebellion will be quickly
destroyed and Satan will then be thrown forever into the lake of fire.

  What about those who refuse the mark of the beast during the 7 year
reign of antichrist?  Most will be killed for their faith in the Lord Jesus
Christ.  God encourages them with the following promise:

 Revelation 20:4
  4  And I saw thrones, and they sat upon them, and judgment was  given
unto them: and [I saw] the souls of them that were beheaded  for the
witness of Jesus, and for the word of God, and which had  NOT worshipped
the beast, neither his image, neither had received  [his] mark upon their
foreheads, or in their hands; and they lived and reigned with Christ a
thousand years.

  When the Lord Jesus returns to earth He will setup His earthly Kingdom
and reign for 1000 years.  Those few believers who survive will go into the
millennium and repopulate the earth.  God will lift the curse and people
will again live for 1000 years during the Kingdom.  The millennium and will
be a great time of blessing on the earth.   However before the blessings of
the millennium, the world has to go through the 7 year reign of the
antichrist.  These will be the darkest days in human history.

   These days will begin sometime after the rapture of the church, when
Jesus removes the Church from earth and takes her home to heaven.

    Luke  21
  28  And when these things begin to come to pass, then look up,  and lift
up your heads; for your redemption draweth nigh.

  Be encouraged...as we can see the coming 'shadow' of these days coming
we should be encouraged.  Soon and very soon the Lord Jesus will rapture
His Church from earth to be with Him in heaven.  What a blessed hope for
the Spirit-reborn Christian!

 1 Thessalonians   4
  15  For this we say unto you by the word of the Lord, that we  which are
alive [and] remain unto the coming of the Lord shall  not prevent them
which are asleep.
  16  For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout,  with
the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God: and  the dead in
Christ shall rise first:
  17  Then we which are alive [and] remain shall be caught up  together
with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever
be with the Lord.
  18  Wherefore comfort one another with these words.

This tract may be freely copied and posted on BBS's or printed.
The Seed Sowers BBS (416) 498-5259/5962

*******************************************
The Hot Zone
By: Todd Strandberg
The Rapture Index.. http://www.novia.net/~todd/


Current events that are fast moving and supportive of Bible prophecy.





   *  Vladimir Zhironovsky is planning on a last minute barrage of
 campaigning right up to Sunday's elections. He blames any projections
 of his party not doing as well, as his 1993 showing, on a "Jewish
 mentality." He also told reporters that he sleeps in the nude,
 probable to add to his shock value. It would in one way be a funny
 thing, if he did well in this election and then won the Presidential
 election in June. To see how poor Clinton and the rest of the world
 would react truly would be memorable, if it wasn't for the fact that
 Russia is a heavily armed country and Vladimir is a little off
 balance. The connection between Gog and Mr. Zhironovsky is what we're
 really looking for here. Time will only tell.



   * ABC has decided to move Roseanne back an hour, one night, so it won't
 be so much into the family hours. Why, because the show plans on
 airing a gay marriage.



   * The race is on for Sunday's Russian parliamentary elections. The
 candidates are flooding the airways with campaign messages. The
 Russian voters, what little voting they ever get do, are very
 unpredictable. The communists are projected to walk away with the
 election, but we can only wait and see.



   * The Earthquake that shook southern Israel Nov 22, has been reported as
 the strongest one to hit area in more than 100 years. Monday, another
 less powerful one hit the same region.



   * Israel and Syria may have an agreement, over the Golan Heights, in the
 making. Peres of Israel, could be ready to give into Syria's demands.
 If Israel moves forward and signs a peace agreement with its northern
 neighbor, a setup for the Gog war may be in full play.



   *  A new outbreak of the deadly virus Ebola has occurred in the African
 country of Ivory Coast.



   * Vladimir Zhirinovsky of Russia, promised he would napalm rebellious
 villages if he was to gain power, in the up come elections.
 Zhirinovsky has made statements like this for the past two years now.
 It will be interest to see how he does in the Dec 17 election. Because
 he so closely matches the Gog of Ezk 38 and 39, a close eye needs to
 be kept on him.



   * World wheat prices have reached a 21 year high. The supply remain very
 tight but no real shortage are evident. If shortages do a arise,
 especially in Russia, civil and political unrest could be a result.



   * Our buddies the Russians, lately, have been shadowing our submarine
 base and carriers with their own subs. This type of sneaking around
 activity is more in line with Cold War tactics. Several men who claim
 to have visions from God, foresee Russia, someday attacking the US
 with nuclear submarines.



   * A small bomb has gone off in the Russian Duma, another Russian
 Government official has been killed, and terrorism is reported all
 throughout the country. All this unrest is playing into the hand of
 the Nationalists and Communists. These two groups, are looked on as
 law and order choices. The vast number of choices, in the Russian
 election, may end up working against the parties that support
 democracy. In order to win a seat in the Duma, every party needs to
 get at least 5 percent of the vote. Only a few parties will reach this
 goal. There is now some 50 parties in the mix. The Communists may
 capture 45 percent of the seats and they can do this with just 18
 percent of the popular vote.



   * The Russian Defense Minister on a trip to Israel flew over the Golan
 Heights. This is where the Russian forces will likely invade Israel.
 It may be he wanted to checkout his invasiion route. I'm sure, the real
reason has to do with the conflict between Israel and Syria over the
 Golan.



   * The Stock Market has shot up all year. Right now it's at very
 dangerous levels. With P/E ratings at record lows, any bad news could
 send the markets crashing.



   * Israel faced a vote in the UN and lost. The vote was about who
 controls the city of Jerusalem. Israel was the only country voting
 against the measure. Someday the nations of the world will invade
 Israel. The reason for this invasion will have something to do with
 the control of God's city, Jerusalem.



   *  The number of people who are in jail is at a record high. The number
 stands at 1.1 million inmates. The yearly numbers show a 9 percent
 increase, over 1994's figures.



   *  A very powerful 8.0 earthquake rocks the Kuril islands. The quake
 occurred in a sparsely populated area.



   * Washington state has experienced record floods in the in Seattle area.



   * The Church of England has proposed the sanctioning of people living
together. The idea is to let people see if they are compatible, before
 they marry. It's bad enough when the world looses its moral compass
 but when the church follows suit, then we're really in trouble.



   * Queen Elizabeth has become the first British monarch in 400 years to
attend a Catholic service in her own country. This helps move forward,
 the push toward a one world religion.



   * Vladimar Zhirnovsky "the bad boy of Russian politics," said he's going
 to run for president. If he was to win next June he would be the Gog
 of Ezk 38 and 39. As it stands now, the Russian people would have to
 declared insane before this would happen.



   *  A volcano named Cerro Negro erupted in Nicaragua. The later quarter
 of this years is getting heavy with volcanic activity.



   *  Ireland joins the rest of the pack and legalized divorce. If we are
to have a continual decline in morality up to the return of Jesus. It
would seem a must that Ireland move this way. Someday the scenario may
 have Ireland, as one of the last to legalize prostitution.



   * With the Bosnian situation at a resolution, the focus will turn back
 toward the Middle East peace plan. Peres, the leader of Israel, is
 flying to Washington in Dec. to talk to Clinton, about the peace plan.



   *  Ukraine is turning over SS-19 missiles to Russia. If the Communism
make a come back in Russia, a nation that does not have nuclear
 weapons, will be a whole lot easier to reclaim, than one with nukes.



   * Iran and Iraq are drawing closer together year by year. The two have
 been bitter enemies ever since the early 1980's. having Iran and Iraq
 on good terms with each other, will be a must for the future battle
 known as the Gog War.



   *  Right now, everything seem to be on hold, ahead of the elections in
 Russia next month. The outcome will set the tone for the June
 Presidential election and may show that Eastern Europe is trending
 back towards Communism.



   *  A strong earthquake strikes the Gulf of Aqaba, just south of Israel.
 It is a rare thing to have strong quakes in this region.



   *  Lech Walesa looses to a to a former Communist leader. Walesa started
 the movement that brought down the Communist Government of Poland. He
 ironically has been beaten, by the forces,, he once triumphed over. The
trend is not isolated to Poland. Russia next Dec 17 may do the same
 thing by electing communist, to a majority of the seats, in the
 Russian Duma.



   *  Syria has said it is ready to proceed with peace negotiations. This
 is a positive sign but Syria is a tough nation to negotiate with. If a
 final agreement is made this would complete the circle and set the
 stage for the several other prophecies to be manifested.



   * Russia's gain harvest remains at a 30 years low. Reserves in the many
 areas are at an all time low. The issue has become so important, that
 the military has sent troops in, to help with the harvest. If food
 shortages arise, they could complicate the Dec and June elections.



   * Procter & Gamble and two other companies have pulled ad money from a
 number of trash talk shows. There hasn't been any reaction from the
 shows themselves. Also there doesn't appear to be any financial
 problems for the shows, because several other advertisers may fill-in
 the void.



   * The situation in Israel is primed for end time activity now. 70
 percent of the people are for the peace plan. The labor party is now
 far ahead of the opposition, where as before it was behind. The
 Government is now blocking right wing Jews for entering the country.
 All this is fallout from the Rabin assassination last week. Peres, the
 acting Prime Minister, could have giving prophecy watchers a heart
 attack today, if the 5 year peace time table he proposed included 2
 more years to it. (The antichrist will offer a 7 year peace
 agreement.)



   *  A volcano with the name Rincon de la Vieja, erupts in Costa Rica. 95
 has already been a banner year for the natural disaster categories.



   * The Jehovah's Witnesses have stated they are ending their forecasts of
 Armageddon. They see this event as being no longer nigh. After 3 major
 wrong predictions this century, the watchtower has decided to call it
 quits. This organization, which is highly misguided by the forces of
 darkness, ends the very speculation that it was founded on. It is
 possible that the demonic angels at work here, are changing the
 mission of the Jehovah's witnesses because they realize that the
 actual date of Armageddon is soon to come.



   * Bill Clinton would beat Bob Dole in a Presidential race if held today.
 Clinton makes a better player in the end time events then Dole,
 Powell, or any other Republican as it stands now.



   *  It would appears that Yeltsin will not be able to campaign for his
 party in the upcoming Dec 17 elections. Not having your leader to
 rally the forces can put your side at a disadvantage. In Russia's case
 it may be the difference between a free society and ones that's totalitarian.



   * The assassination of Prime Minister Rabin of Israel Will likely give
 the peace plan a big push forward. Because the perpetrator was a
 right-wing Jew who is against the peace plan. This action will
 discredit the opposition and motivate those for peace to go forward.
 The scripture "saying peace, peace when there is no peace" Jer. 6:14,
 comes to mind when you think of what is really transpiring in Israel.
 With Rabin as the movements martyr, all major sticking point should be
 overcome. A peace plan with Syria right now is the most difficult
 obstacle. With ever major power's leader or representative at the
 funeral. The prophecy " I will make Jerusalem a burdensome stone" Zec
 12:3 also comes into one's memory. It is amazing that a nation the
 size of New Jersey could be constantly in the news. That is until you
 realize that God has his hand and name on this tiny country.




*****************************************
Prophe-Zine News Bites


The United Nations -- An Enemy In Our Midst
By: Phyllis Schlafly

The 50th Anniversary of the United Nations should be a cause for mourning
not celebration. It is a monument to foolish hopes, embarrassing
compromises, betrayal of our servicemen, and a steady
stream of insults to our nation. It is a Trojan Horse that carries the
enemy into our midst and lures Americans to ride under alien insignia to
fight and die in faraway lands.

How could anything good be expected of an organization whose organizing
Secretary General, presiding at the San Francisco conference in 1945, was
the convicted spy-perjurer Alger Hiss? He wasalso the principal author of
the UN Charter, which was drafted at the Dumbarton Oaks Conference. How
could anything good be expected after a deal between Roosevelt and Stalin
at the 1945 Yalta Conference gave three votes to the Soviet Union and only
one to every other country?

The UN was marketed to Americans as the vehicle to keep world peace. Funny
thing, the admission ticket to UN membership was having declared war
against Germany and Japan.

The Great United Nations War, a.k.a. the Korean police action of 1950-53,
taught Americans the tragic meaning of the phrase "no-win war." It's no
wonder we couldn't win it (despite the brilliance of General Douglas
MacArthur and the courage of 54,246 U.S. soldiers who paid with their
lives) when the number-two UN official, the Secretary of Political and
Security Council Affairs, was one Soviet Communist after another. The
secret deal that a Communist would always hold this UN position with
authority over all UN military, political and nuclear questions had been
made between Secretary of State Edward Stettinius (when Alger Hiss was his
adviser) and Molotov in London in 1945, and was revealed in the book In the
Cause of Peace, written by the second UN Secretary General, Trygve Lie (pp.
45-46).

As the years went on, the UN continued as a headquarters for Soviet
espionage and a platform from which the U.S.S.R. could spread its
subversive propaganda. UN credentials were the convenient "cover" for
traveling back and forth between the United States and the Soviet Union.

The extravagant lifestyle of UN bureaucrats and employees and their
tax-free salaries and benefits were, of course, mostly funded by the U.S.
taxpayers. The conniving politicians from tiny countries used the UN as a
conduit to bleed the U.S. taxpayers for money sent, not to their
poverty-stricken populations, but to the ruling clique of cutthroats who
had killed off their opposition.

The UN spawned a score of auxiliary agencies run by devious demagogues who
dreamed up ever more exotic ways of spending U.S. dollars. UNESCO, which
even had the effrontery to write curricula for U.S. schools, finally
achieved a level of official corruption so egregious that the Reagan
Administration pulled the United States out of it altogether.

The United Nations is constantly demanding that the United States sign and
ratify more international treaties. Every one is a dagger pointed at our
American Bill of Rights, our unique concept of federalism, and our national
sovereignty.

For example, the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child would authorize
a UN bureaucracy to supervise the relationship between parents and children
under the excuse of protecting the rights of the
child. Signed this year by the Clinton Administration and aggressively
lobbied by the tax-exempt Children's Defense Fund (formerly chaired by
Hillary Rodham Clinton), this treaty is a broadside attack on the rights of
all Americans and should be rejected by the U.S. Senate.

By 1990, the UN had become a laughing-stock, a sideshow where
anti-American autocrats from around the world were paid plush salaries to
insult the United States. Unfortunately, President George Bush
rehabilitated the UN's reputation with his Gulf War and his rhetoric about
the "New World Order."

Now the UN and the Clinton Administration have been trying hard to get us
into several foreign wars as a means of turning the UN into an
international establishment that will field its own military forces. The UN
and the Clinton Administration are using international women's conferences
(e.g., Cairo, Copenhagen, Beijing, and next year's in Istanbul) to give the
UN its separate power to tax and thereby assure its separate flow of
revenues.

Clinton talks glibly about UN "peacekeeping" operations, but he deploys
our troops to foreign lands where there is no peace to keep and
"peacekeepers" are used to fight wars. The United States has no business
engaging our military forces in the fights in Bosnia, Somalia, Rwanda or
Haiti. UN "peacekeeping" operations now cost over $3 billion a year, while
our U.S. armed forces are subordinated to
foreign commanders and foreign rules of engagement.

That's obviously a Bill Clinton goal, which he set forth in his
still-secret Presidential Decision Directive 25. That's obviously a UN
goal, whose overpaid bureaucrats seek to set up the United Nations as a
world government with its own police force and its own taxing authority.

But that's not what Americans want. Fifty years is plenty of time to
experiment with the UN charade. It's time to cut our losses and pull out
before the UN does anymore damage to America.

The Phyllis Schlafly Report
Vol. 29, No. 4 * Box 618, Alton, Illinois 62002 * November 1995
Eagle Forum's Home Page:
http://www.basenet.net/~eagle/eagle.html

+++++++++++++++++++++++++

Patriotism Against the Law.
By: Ray Gano

According to short wave this bill by Conyers and Schumer must be stopped
in its tracks.  Basically, it says that patriots are a threat to
unconstitutional government! This bill could also be used agianst
Christains.

It is interesting that the "Americans Eyes" have been diverted from this
bill and other things that have happened because people were watching Newt
and Bill argue over the budget.


H. R. 2580

To guarantee a republican form of government to the States by preventing
paramilitary violence.

                         IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
                                November 2, 1995
  Mr. Schumer (for himself and Mr. Conyers) introduced the following bill;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary

                                     A BILL
  To guarantee a republican form of government to the States by preventing
paramilitary violence.

                         ==============================

      Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of America in Congress assembled,

  SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.
      This Act may be cited as the "Republican Form of Government
Guarantee Act".

  SEC. 2. FINDINGS.
      Congress finds that--
          (1) section 4 of article IV of the Constitution provides that
the United States shall guarantee a republican form of government to the
States;
          (2) organized criminal actions are an increasing threat to the
republican form of government in some States;
          (3) people who are responsible for upholding the laws of the
United States and the several States, or people who assist them, have been
threatened, harassed, and assaulted because of these activities;
          (4) this violence is having a chilling effect on the democratic
process because Americans are afraid to participate in town hall meetings,
express their views publicly, or take part in the political process;
          (5) most victims are targeted solely because of their views or
activism on controversial political issues such as gun control, abortion,
environmental matters, or the role of government in society;
          (6) this violence is causing a breakdown of law and order in
many parts of the United States;
          (7) this violence has increased in part because of unfounded
exaggerations about the impact of recent firearms laws such as th Brady Law
and the ban on assault weapons, as well as baseless conspiracy theories
regarding the government; and
          (8) the climate of violence created by these criminals threatens
to undermine republican government in some States.

  SEC. 3. PROTECTION AGAINST ASSAULT.
      Section 111(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended--
          (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting "who is an officer or
employee of any State or local government, is assisting such an officer or
employee in the performance of official duty, or is" after "any person";
and
          (2) in paragraph (2), by striking "designated in section 1114" and
      inserting "described in paragraph (1)".

  SEC. 4. INCREASED PENALTIES.
      (a) Assault.--Section 111 of title 18, United States Code, is amended
          (1) in subsection (a), by striking "shall, where" and all that
follows through the end of the subsection and inserting "shall be punished
as is provided in subsection (b)"; and
          (2) so that subsection (b) reads as follows:
      "(b) Penalties.--Whoever is convicted of an offense under this
section shall be fined under this title and imprisoned not less than 2 nor
more than 3 years, except that--
          "(1) in the case of a second or subsequent offense the maximum
term or imprisonment shall be not more than 5 years; and
          "(2) in the case of an offense committed with a deadly weapon,
the offender shall be imprisoned not less than 8 nor more than 10 years.".
      (b) Extortion and Threats.--
          (1) Interstate communications.--Section 875 of title 18, United
States Code, is amended in subsection (c), by striking "not more than five
years, or both" and inserting "not less than 2 nor more than 5 years".
          (2) Mailing threatening communications.--Section 876 of title
18, United States Code, is amended in the third undesignated paragraph, by
striking "not more than five years, or both" and inserting "not less than 2
nor more than 5 years".

  SEC. 5. RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A REPUBLICAN FORM OF GOVERNMENT;
ENFORCEMENT.
      (a) Reaffirmation of Right.--Each person not otherwise disqualified,
barred, or disabled by State or Federal law shall have the right to
participate in a republican form of State government free from interference
from unlawful violence and the reasonably perceived threat of unlawful
violence.
      (b) Right To Participate Defined.--As used in subsection (a), the
term "right to participate in a republican form of State government" means
the right to--
          (1) carry out the duties of a State, county, or local office to
                which the person has been duly elected or appointed;
          (2) lawfully assist any duly elected or appointed person described
               in paragraph (1) in carrying out such duties;
          (3) run for elective office, campaign for such office on one's own
      behalf, or campaign on behalf of another's candidacy, in accordance
      with applicable State and local laws;
          (4) initiate and campaign for any initiative, referendum, petition,
      or similar political exercise, in accordance with applicable State and
      local laws;
          (5) assemble peaceably to petition the Federal, State, or local
      government, or to attend any public forum concerning such Federal,
      State, or local government; and
          (6) exercise the rights guaranteed under article IV of the
      Constitution of the United States, and the 1st and 14th amendments
      thereto.
      (c) Enforcement.--
          (1) In general.--A person whose right under subsection (a) is
violated by any person or organization may bring an action in any United
States district court against such other person or organization for
damages, injunctive relief, and such other relief as the court deems
appropriate.
          (2) Government remedy.--The chief executive officer of any State
may bring an action in any United States district court located within that
State for damages, injunctive relief, and such other relief as the court
deems appropriate against any organization wherever located which
unlawfully violates or which conspires, attempts, aids, or abets another
person or organization to unlawfully violate the right under subsection
      (a) of any resident of that State.
          (3) Authority to award a reasonable attorney's fee.--In an
action brought under paragraph (1) or (2), the court, in its discretion,
may allow the prevailing plaintiff a reasonable attorney's fee as part of
the costs.
          (4) Statute of limitations.--An action may not be brought under
paragraph (1) or (2) after the 5-year period that begins with the date that
the violation described in paragraph (1) is discovered.

  SEC. 6. LAW ENFORCEMENT TRAINING.
      The Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretaries of
Treasury, Agriculture, and the Interior, shall develop and implement a
training program for Federal law enforcement personnel to enable such
personnel to deal more effectively with politically motivated violence.

  SEC. 7. FEDERAL PAYMENTS WITHHELD.
      (a) Complaint.--If an agency determines that in any county any of
that agency's employees or agents is being unlawfully physically prevented
or impeded, by employees or agents of a State, county, or local government,
from carrying out lawful duties, the agency may file a complaint with the
Attorney General.
      (b) Escrow.--The Attorney General shall investigate the complaint,
and if the Attorney General finds the complaint is meritorious, the
Attorney General may place in escrow any payments that otherwise would be
made to that county  under the Payments in Lieu of Taxes Act of 1976 (31
U.S.C. 6901 et seq.), until such time as the Attorney General is satisfied
that such interference has ceased.
      (c) Rules.--The Attorney General shall make rules governing the
procedures used to carry out this section.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Poland dump Walesa, and elects another Communist
Monday November 20 1995

In Warsaw,  communist Aleksander Kwasniewski has been elected president of
Poland, beating incumbent Lech Walesa, according to official results
announced Monday.

The head of the electoral commission told a news conference Kwasniewski
won 51.7 percent of the vote, while Walesa received 48.3 percent.

This is very interesting because we are seeing the Warsaw Pact come back
together. This also gives Russia a stop off point and allies when the time
comes to invade Israel.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Police Militarization Continues

  Message traffic originating from Combined Joint Task Force - Six J3,
dated 141631Z JUL 95 (message ID 1951846), destined for all active duty
Army Special Forces Groups, Navy and Air Force Special Operations units and
support units, described unresourced counterdrug Mobile Training Team
missions for Fiscal year 96. Information copies were sent to, among others,
Operation Alliance (Ft. Bliss, TX), (a farce, since the unresourced
requirements were forwarded through them to JTF-Six to begin with), Project
Northstar (Buffalo, NY), and Office of the Secretary of Defense,
OCDEP-S/OSD-ISA. An information copy to this last office is not
necessarily ominous, but it is...interesting. The message also announced
the JTF - Six Semiannual Planning Conference.

The JTF - Six Semiannual Planning Conference was held at JTF - Six
Headquarters on Biggs Army Airfield, Ft. Bliss, TX, and the Ft. Bliss NCO
Club between 19 - 21 September 1995. During this conference, unit
participation in FY 96 missions was solicited. Missions specifically
directed to United States Army Special Operations Command (USASOC) continue
the progressive militarization of local police departments.

The missions designated for USASOC include fourteen Close Quarter Battle
(CQB) and Advanced Military Operations on Urbanized Terrain (AMOUT)
missions
at the following locations:

Burlington, VT Sheriff Patrol (09 Oct - 13 Oct 95)
Niagara Falls, NY Sheriff Office (16 Oct - 20 Oct 95)
Columbus, OH Police Department (16 Oct - 20 Oct 95)
Atlantic City, NJ Police Department (23 Oct - 27 Oct 95)
Rochester, NY Police Department (23 Oct - 27 Oct 95)
N. Franklin Township, PA Police Department (30 Oct - 03 Nov 95)
Philadelphia, PA (29 Jan - 02 Feb 96)
Seattle, WA (11 Mar - 15 Mar 96)
Steamwood, IL (18 Mar - 22 Mar 96)
Montreal, QE (22 Apr - 26 Apr 96)
Cambridge, OH Sheriff Patrol (06 May - 10 May 96)
Keyes, ME (20 May - 24 May 96)
Camp Ripley, MN (03 Jun - 07 Jun 96)
Idaho (loc unspecified) (03 Jun - 07 Jun 96)

The Rochester, NY Police Department also requested a "Tactical Commander's
Course" to better learn how to use their newly militarized cops (13 Nov -
17 Nov 95).

Yet more chilling, is a request by an anonymous entity referred to only as
"REG CD TNG" in Mississippi, for a Special Forces MTT to integrate Close
Quarter Battle (CQB) techniques onto "an existing school curriculum." (04
Nov - 09 Nov 95). Since there are no CQB teams in CONUS this mission will
likely be picked up by SFOD-D. (SFOD-D's mission is no longer limited to
counterterrorism--just thought you'd like to know that. Editor).

Here is a curious one. The Newark, NJ FBI office requested an MTT for
"ship boarding and searching techniques...tactical movement, basic map and
compass techniques and day/night movements." (16 Oct - 20 Oct 95). During
this same time period, the Forsyth County, NC Sheriff Office requested,
"...patrolling, land navigation, booby trap recognition and weapons
training.

Eight sniper MTTs were designated for USASOC.
US Attorney, Houston, TX (12 Feb - 17 Feb 96)
FBI, Kansas, (loc unspecified), (09 Oct - 14 Oct 95)
Portland , OR (27 Nov - 01 Dec 95)
Idaho (loc unspecified) (29 Jan - 02 Feb 96)
Streamwood, IL (05 Aug - 09 Aug 96)
Franklin, PA (19 Aug - 23 Aug 96)
Atlantic City, NJ (26 Feb - 01 Mar 96)
Camp Perry, OH (02 Oct - 06 Oct 96)

  There are dozens more, ranging from Field Tactical Police Operations, to
intelligence operations and Russian (!) and Spanish language training.

  Since all these missions are "legal," and "within the bounds of the
Constitution"--the Department of the Army said so, so it must be true--and
since you are annually extorted at gun-point to pay for all this, the
public and press are cordially invited to be present and observe training
on the dates and at the locations cited above. Please contact your local
police or sheriff department for details. The Point of Contact at JTF - Six
for these, and other missions, is Major Deverill, at (915) 586-9083. or MSG
Batta, at (915) 586-8497.

Defense attorneys who wish to be proactive should prepare their lawsuits
in advance, based on the rulings of Popow v. City of Margate, 476 Federal
Supplement, 127 (D.N.J., 1979), in the event these public defenders decide
to actually use the training they are given by their legally unqualified,
and therefore incompetent, military trainers. SFU can provide expert
defense witnesses for AMOUT, CQB, and sniper related law suits. They are
expensive, but they are good.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

NATO: Expansion and Appeasement

In late September, NATO ambassadors met in Brussels to create a blueprint
for extension of NATO membership to include former Warsaw Pact nations. All
25 members of the "Partnership for Peace" framework, including Russia and
the Baltic nations, will be offered membership in the expanded alliance,
pending compliance with the standards for entrance contained in the
Brussels framework.

However, the Yeltsin regime is posturing as an offended "great power,"
complaining that the expansion of NATO is a "strategic insult." This, of
course, has offered the Clinton Administration's foreign policy mandarins,
beginning with "Russia First" cheerleader Strobe Talbott (CFR), an
opportunity to plump for more concessions to placate Yeltsin. One prime
concession offered by NATO was a revision in a 1990 treaty with Russia,
which would allow Russia to keep more tanks, artillery, and armored
vehicles in the Caucasus region. These military assets have been used most
recently by Moscow to crush Chechnya's bid for independence. Thus, once
more the famed "anti-Communist" alliance has contributed to the stability
and security of Moscow's regime.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Russia And The Trilateral Commission

The recently published report of last spring's annual Trilateral
Commission meeting in Copenhagen, Denmark illustrates that the Russian
foreign policy establishment is firmly committed to "convergence." Among
the speeches published in the report is that of Russian Foreign Affairs
Minister Andrei Kozyrev, who -- while not a TC member -- displays a fluent
grasp of the language of "interdependence."

Kozyrev praises the Trilateral Commission for making "a major contribution
to the development of strategy" and urges that "it is important to take
into account both long-term strategic interests in creating an
interdependent world, and the subtle fabric of the philosophy of
international policy." [Emphasis added.] Kozyrev solicits TC help in
creating a "period of partnership" between Russia and predicts: "During
this period, we could overcome completely mutual alienation and, most
importantly, we could jointly determine the shape of a new security system
in Europe, with NATO and existing institutions."

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

The UN Ignores Communist Atrocities But Targets Non-Communist Nations And
Leaders.

    When Soviet tanks rolled into Hungary in the 1950s, when the Chinese
Communists were murdering Tibetans in the 1960s, when the Soviets were
butchering civilians in Afghanistan in the 1970s and 1980s, when Chechnya
was brutalized by the Russians in the 1990s, the UN did nothing!

    But the UN declared tiny Rhodesia "a threat to international peace" in
the 1960s, enabling procommunist terrorist Robert Mugabe to seize power.
And it was a UN-led campaign that brought
selfdescribed Communist and convicted terrorist Nelson Mandela to power in
South Africa in the 1990s..

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Global Taxes For Global Entitlements?
By: Phyllis Schlafly

"It's not sustainable for member states to enjoy representation without
taxation," Prime Minister John Major told the United Nations at its 50th
birthday celebration. He thought he was demonstrating British wit in making
a play on the great slogan of the American Revolution. We are not amused.

The United Nations has a big problem: the tax-cutting Republican Congress
is disinclined to continue financing those overpaid foreign bureaucrats in
the lavish style to which they have become accustomed. So their solution is
to impose a global tax that would produce billions or even trillions of
dollars without any Congressional action.

The so-called Independent Commission on Population and Quality of Life has
issued a report listing dozens of innovative global devices to tax people,
corporations, and international business activities. These include taxes on
aviation traffic and freight, ocean freight and cruises, aviation fuel,
telecommunications frequencies, communications satellites, international
postal items, and trade in goods and services.

The global tax idea was first publicly launched at the UN World Summit for
Social Development, held in Copenhagen, Denmark, in March 1995. James G.
Speth, the Clinton-appointed head of the UN Development Program, called for
a global tax on speculative movements of international funds, the
consumption of non-renewable energy, environmental permits, and the arms
trade.

James Tobin, 1981 Nobel Prize winner in Economics, has called for a tax on
spot transactions in foreign exchange. The UN bureaucrats are licking their
chops at Tobin's prediction that "the revenue potential is immense, over
$1.5 trillion a year." They are now enthusiastically using Tobin's prestige
to advocate what they call the "Tobin tax."

The Commission on Global Governance, a "private" group with government and
foundation funding, published a volume this year entitled "Our Global
Neighborhood." Stating that "it is time for a consensus on global taxation
for servicing the needs of the global neighborhood," this report calls for
taxes on flight-lanes, sea lanes, and ocean fishing areas. The report also
brags that "the idea of safeguarding and managing the global commons,
particularly those related to the physical environment, is now widely
accepted. And the notion of expanding the role of the United Nations is now
accepted in relation to military security."

Another model for a global tax is hidden in the UN Convention on the Law
of the Sea, a UN treaty the Clinton Administration is trying to get the
Senate to ratify. This treaty sets up a global taxing authority called the
International Seabed Authority to collect fees and royalties imposed on
American mining firms.

An outfit called Worldwatch Institute issued a report this year called
"Partnership for the Planet." It calls for a global tax to finance "the
transition to a sustainable society -- including environmental programs,
social initiatives, and peacekeeping efforts."

At the same time that the new Republican Congress is trying to put a lid
on welfare and Medicare entitlements, the UN is planning to saddle U.S.
taxpayers with global entitlements. The Oxfam Poverty Report proclaims that
"international aid should be seen as a financial entitlement, and as part
of a compact between citizens in the industrial and developing worlds."

UN bureaucrats and advocates must be having lots of fun dreaming up ways
to tax Americans to support their notions of "global neighborhood" and
"sustainable human development." The Ford Foundation produced a study last
year called "Renewing the United NationsSystem," which advocates an annual
"United Nations lottery, administered by a special authority under the
Secretary-General."

The Ford Foundation also financed a report called "The United Nations in
Its Second Half-Century," which calls for allowing the UN to have Special
Drawing Rights from the International Monetary Fund. Rationalized as a
"levy on the utilization of the global commons," this proposal would enable
the UN to bypass Congress in accessing U.S. taxpayers' money.

Other wealthy liberal foundations that have helped orchestrate the demand
for a global tax include the MacArthur and Carnegie Foundations. The World
Federalist Association, now headed by former presidential candidate John B.
Anderson, weighs in with a recommendation for UN taxes on international
travel and postal service.

Bella Abzug, who was so visible in the recent UN Women's Conference in
Beijing, also serves as a member of the advisory council of the Global
Commission to Fund the United Nations. It comes as no surprise that she
endorses global taxes as a way to finance and enforce the radical feminist
agenda that she presented at the UN conferences on population and women's
issues.

Americans had better wake up and expel the UN before it succeeds in any of
its arrogant global taxing plans. The United Nations has absolutely no
right or authority to tax people or businesses or
transactions. Congress should conduct an investigation of all plans for a
UN global tax, making use of the excellent materials on this subject
uncovered by researcher Cliff Kincaid.

The Phyllis Schlafly Report
Vol. 29, No. 4 * Box 618, Alton, Illinois 62002 * November 1995
Eagle Forum's Home Page:
http://www.basenet.net/~eagle/eagle.html

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++


******************************************







Cool Web Sites on the Internet

Christain and Bible Prophecy

hhtp://twibp.com/~jvim
Jack Van Impe Ministries

hhtp://twibp.com/~twibp
http://www.niagara.com:80/~twibp/
This Week In Bible Prophecy

http://www.infi.net/~stegner/
Maranatha (Prophecy Pages)

http://ionet.net/~wes
Wes Peters web site..COOL prophecy stuff

http://www.infi.net/~stegner
Prophecy & World events web

http://www.novia.net/~todd/
The Rapture Index

http://www.io.org/~sower
the Rapture Report

http://www.jews-for-jesus.org
Jews for jesus

http://www.einet.net/galaxy/Arts-and-Humanities/Religion.html
Christian web site

http://www.freenet.ufl.edu/~leo/
Berean Bible Studies

http://www.iclnet.org/pub/resources/text/cri/cri-home.html
Chrisatian Reaseach Institute

http://www.agape.com/laughter.htm
Decieving the Elect

http://www.sky.net/~rmk/PKdates.html
PromiseKeepers 1995 Meeting Dates

http://www.sky.net/~rmk/sevenpromises.html
Seven Promises of a Promise Keeper

One World Sites

http://www.un.org/
United Nations

http://www.hooked.net/users/aquarian/
Maitreya
(this is who many think might be the Anti-christ)


http://www.hooked.net:80/shareint/
Share International
This is the group who is behind Maitreya They also have a office at the U.N.

http://www.together.org/orgs/wcw/
World Citizen Home page

http://www.worldbank.org/
the World Bank

http://www.eur.nl/iacl/const.html
world wide constitutions
this site also has the proposed world costitution

http://www.webcom.com/~worldgov/
Grassroot world government

http://www.fairfield.com:80/nlp/
the Natural Law Party (Transindental Meditation Political Party (New Age)

http://www.io.com/sjgames/inwo/
Illuminati New World Order card game

http://www.visa.co.
Visa Credit Card (One World One Currency)

Some of my favorite places

http://www.buchanan.org/
Pat Buchanan For President

http://www.jpost.co.il/
The Jerusalem Post

http://www.telegraph.co.uk/
The London Telegraph

http://www.townhall.com/
Town hall (your one stop conservative site)

http://haven.ios.com/~likud/
Likud USA site

Eagle Forum's Home Page:
http://www.basenet.net/~eagle/eagle.html

http://l0pht.com/~oblivion/patriot.html
Patriots against New World Order

http://www.lookup.com/Homepages/60166/other.html
Other good Patriot sites

http://www.strategicsw.com/
Strategic Solutions West (where I work)

http://akebono.stanford.edu/yahoo
Yahoo Directory





11





