                    Ocean County Phone Punx Presents 
                                 OCPP09	
               "Carjackers of the Information Super Highway"
	                      July 26, 1998
                      Last Updated  June 31, 1998
                         

                               Contents 
                            Intro - Mohawk 
                       Phreak World News  - Mohawk
                         The Soda Can Box-Cyber Cow
                         NYC Survival Guide -  Admiral
                         Reverse Phreaking-  Mohawk
                        Tutorial on Blackmail - Jambi
                          Warning - MF 2 Death
                    BellSouth RightTouch Service - Admiral
                      Microsoft Dupe A Human - Czechmate
                          Fighting Back - Mohawk
                              Busted - Mohawk
                               Letters
                             News - X Logik










Intro-Mohawk



	



	Better late then never I guess.  This is the first time 
that we have been late with an issue.  The issue could have
been released on June 26th but I didn't want to release half an
issue.  The staff of the OCPP has been caught up in various personal
issues and we didn't have a lot of free time.  Just incase this
type of thing happens again we have a new release time for our issues.
New issues will now come out two to three months after the previous
issue.  We will try to keep in two months as much as possible but 
just in case we can't, we have another month to work on it.  The more
writers we have, the faster the issues will come out.  I would
like to thank all of the supporting writers that helped with this issue.
Please excuse the lack of articles from me and Seuss as we have been 
so busy with the FAQs, the site, and life itself that we didn't have 
that much time to work on articles.  We will make it up to you though.  
Most of the site has been totally redone and we will continue to 
improve it.  The beginner alt.phreaking FAQ has been released and it
will soon be in HTML format as well as text format.  We also have
several projects that we are working on that will turn into some
very interesting articles in the neat future.  

We also have two name changes in out staff:  Checkmate is now 
Czechmate and the American Anarchist
is now the Admiral.  We would also like to thank all of our
readers for your understanding and concern.  To make it up to you,
we will try to make the next issue the best we can.


















.....The Staff of the OCPP.....


Mohawk.................Editor in chief

Mr. Seuss .............Tech. editor/Head tech. writer

Czechmate..............Staff writer

Phear..................Staff writer/Graphics

Admiral................Staff writer

Lineside...............Staff writer

Punkroq................Editor

X-Logik................News editor

The Assassin...........The official hitman of the OCPP

V-Rok..................He just looks slick all day










Distro Sites

JadeDragon's Phreaking Page
http://free.prohosting.com/~jadedrgn








We are still looking for more writers.  For information about 

positions, mail: ocpp@hotmail.com


If you would like to become a distro site, mail: ocpp@hotmail.com


To be notified of any URL changes and issue releases, get on the 

mailing list:  ocpp@hotmail.com


Disclaimer and Copyright info is located at the end of the issue.















Phreak World News-Mohawk

If you have something that you would like to appear in 

PWN mail it to ocpp@hotmail.com



Headlines

Security Breach Issue 3 released

Alt.Phreaking FAQ re-released

Phreak Show Mailing List

Takedown movie news

Phreak Show Mailing list



Security Breach Issue 3 Released

Security Breach Issue 3 has been released.  Security Breach does not
have a website but you can get all of the issues at the ocpp's website.




Alt.phreaking FAQ re-released

The alt.phreaking FAQ has been re-released.  The new version has been
split into two different files:  the beginner version and the advanced
version.  You can get the beginner version now at the ocpp's website.
The advanced FAQ is still being worked on.  As always, the quality of 
the FAQ depends on your input.  Email us at ocpp@hotmail.com








Takedown movie news

There is a new movie in the works called Takedown which is based
on the whole Kevin Mitnick Sage.  The movie is in preproduction 
and there is currently no release date.  In future issues
we will cover this movie in more detail as news becomes available.


-Ulrich logs on to 'Takedown'

Skeet Ulrich, who was last on the big screen in ``The Newton Boys,'' 
has agreed to star in ``Takedown,'' the story of real-life computer 
hacker Kevin Mitnick. 

Based on New York Times reporter John Markoff's best-selling 
book of the same name, ``Takedown'' recounts how Mitnick was tracked 
down by high-tech genius Tsutomu Shimomura, who will be played by 
Russell Wong (``The Joy Luck Club''). 

Markoff teamed with Shimomura to tell the story, which was 
acquired by Miramax's Dimension label. Joe Chappelle (``Phantoms'') 
will direct the project. 

Ulrich will return to his home state of North Carolina 
for ``Takedown,'' which begins shooting at the end of July. His 
other credits include ``As Good as It Gets'' and ``Scream.'' 


-Whitaker goes to the mat for `Takedown' pic 

Forest Whitaker is in final negotiations to join the cast of 
``Takedown.'' Skeet Ulrich, Russell Wong and Scott Cooper are also 
attached to the film being directed by Joe Chappelle. The film is 
about real-life computer hacker Kevin Mitnick (Ulrich), who is tracked 
down by high-tech master Tsutomu Shimomura (Wong). The project is based 
on New York Times writer John Markoff's book on Mitnick. 




Phreak Show Mailing List


If you would like to join the Phreak Show Mailing list email
SinQ@juno.com.  This list is not run by the OCPP.  This is
a discussion CC list where your email address is kept private.























The Soda Can Box-Cyber Cow



One of the biggest problems faced to the modern phreak is that when 
you beige box of a house or a can people know. When someone else is on the 
line the voltage changes and the connection is not as good. Also there 
is the breathing thing. So in an attempt to thwart the public's efforts 
to stop us I have gone deep into my Cow lab and have come out with the 
SODA CAN BOX.

What you need to make this is simple: 
1 beige box
1 regular phone you can rip apart
1 roll of tape
1 soda can 


Here is what you need to do. First you must drink a soda then wash it 
out. Now cut the top off and put tape around the sharp edge and out 
side of the can. Note: do not cover the  bottom of can yet. Now take you 
phone and open it up. Inside there should be a speaker or ear piece cut the 
wires so you still have some room to work with. Now place the speaker 
on the bottom of the can so it fits snugly. Now tape it on and wrap tape 
all around the can for better sound .  Cut the end of your beige box off 
so you can soder the ring and tip to the two wires. Now soder the wires, 
it does not matter what one goes where.

That's it.  Now you have a box without circuitry so that the voltage 
won't change, and no mouth piece so your breathing and other outside noise 
can't be heard.
























     
NYC Survival Guide -  Admiral

This is a guide for surviving in NYC, because a lot of con artists and
scammers inhabit NYC. This is purely a guide for avoiding any of these
scams and crimes that could happen to you.

Street Smarts
  Here are some tips on how to be aware of some of the scams and other
  crimes that are sometimes committed on unwary tourists and New Yorkers.

  General Tips
    - Avoid empty subway cars -- ride with many people or in the 
      conductor's car (usually the middle car of the train).
    - Never display large amounts of cash out in the open.
    - Don't keep your wallet in the back pocket of your pants. Moving the
      wallet to the front pocket will reduce your chance of being
      pick-pocketed.
    - Telephone information from a payphone is free. Simply dial 555-1212 
      on any pay phone and ask for the number you are interested in. You 
      don't need to put in any change.
    - Be aware of your wallet or purse in commotions. Pick pockets often use
      helpers who create a disturbance nearby.

  In less than safe areas...
  If you feel even the least bit unsafe, then it is time to take some 
  precautionary measures.
    - Be aware of who is around you.
    - Stay in populated areas.
    - How you carry yourself is crucial. Look confident in where you are 
      going, how you walk and what you are doing.
    - Try to walk in the middle of the sidewalk and not next to the 
      buildings or the street.
    - Clutch your purse/bag securely under your arm.
    - If there are two of you, place handbags between you instead of on the 
      outside.
    - Turn rings around, so the gems face your palm.
    - Keep necklaces tucked under your clothing.

  In a less than safe situation...
    - If someone is harassing you on the street, then go into a populated 
      store or shop or find a police officer.
    - Yell "Fire" not "Help". People will come look if they think there's a 
      fire, but "Help" is like crying wolf.
    - If you do find yourself being mugged then it's better to give the 
      mugger what he/she wants. Your life isn't worth any material 
      possession!

  Scams
  Avoid these at all costs!
    - Avoid "three card Monty" and the shell game - YOU CANNOT WIN!
    - Beware of the "Bag-of-Money Scam"
    - Be aware of the old "public telephone coin scam"
    - Don't fall prey to people who ask to check if your money is 
      counterfeit or stolen, the hoodlum could say this while playing a 
      scam like the "fake drivers license sale scam".
    - Be aware that when a homeless person asks you to exchange 4 quarters 
      for a dollar, they are typically doing this to buy drugs (drug 
      dealers don't take loose change).
    - Watch out for people offering you taxi rides at any transportation 
      center such as the Port Authority, Grand Central, or Airports. Though 
      many are honest, some are just trying to lure you to a more secluded 
      spot for mugging, or illegally evading a taxi dispatcher. Read this 
      story about one traveler's experience bad experience at JFK.

  Scam Descriptions
    - Three card Monty: Typically, Three card Monty scams consist of two or 
      more people trying to find the designated card out of three shuffled 
      cards. The shuffler is the most obvious member of this swindling 
      bunch. Then there is a planted player who plays and constantly wins 
      money, HOWEVER, please note that they know each other and are simply 
      showing how easy it is to win, so they can bring other people into 
      the game. Supposedly, to win the game, one simply has to choose the 
      correct card out of the three cards that one of the swindlers 
      shuffles. The shuffler will lose the first few rounds to you to get 
      you to bring out more money. At this point, if they see you take your 
      wallet out, they will grab it and run.

      Three card monty games are usually played on a card board box on the 
      busy sidewalks of New York City. Whenever a police car passes by, you 
      can observe how quickly these hoodlums disperse.

      Sidewalk card games are both illegal and fraudulent for some very 
      good reasons:
        - The players know one another and have divided Times Square into 
          areas. The players work together. The games are not spontaneous.
        - The dealers are not alone... They work in racially integrated 
          teams, men and women, people in business suits, and informal 
          dress.
        - A person in the crowd, often nicely dressed, will "play" and win, 
          convincing the public that they too, can win. They can't.
        - The dealer will sometimes let a player win a little amount in 
          order to rope him/her into betting higher amounts. Sometimes, 
          when they see the wallet or purse come into the open, they will 
          grab it and everyone will run.
        - Pick Pockets work the crowd around these cardboard box 3 card 
          monty games.
        - And if by some fluke someone wins, the "lucky" winner is often 
          followed and mugged.
        - The hand is quicker than the eye... these are pros

    - Bag-of-Money Scam: These are a couple of the typical scenarios for 
      the bag-of-money scam.

      Scenario 1
        - Person approaches you and claims that they found a bag of money 
          and shows you the inside (there might be a twenty dollar bill on 
          top bundled with a bunch of newspaper)
        - They say they will split it with you, but they need trust money 
          (they will ask for as much money as you say you have)
        - They dash off with the money.

      Scenario 2
        - Person approaches you and claims that they found a bag of money 
          and shows you the inside (there might be a twenty dollar bill on 
          top bundled with a bunch of newspaper)
        - They say they are going to get the police and they need you to 
          hold onto the bag.
        - They ask for trust money from you, so you won't "cheat" them.
        - They dash off with the money.

    - Public telephone coin scam: Often times, dishonest people will gather 
      change by finding old public telephones that do not have the little 
      guard in the coin return slot. After finding one of these telephones, 
      they stuff the coin return slot with paper to stop the coin from 
      falling out when someone tries to get their coin back. (You can reach 
      in the coin return slot and pull the paper out to get your coin back 
      and who knows?.. you may hit the jackpot :)

    - Fake Drivers License Sale Scam: Many people know that Manhattan is a 
      hotbed for obtaining fake ids. However, beware of who you are dealing 
      with because you may get more than you bargained for... you may get 
      mugged or robbed.

      In this scenario, the hoodlum approaches the victim and asks if they 
      want to purchase a fake drivers license. They will usually claim that 
      it can be done quickly in 15 minutes, or so. If the victim does give 
      the money to the hoodlum, then he claims that he is going into a shop 
      to check if the money is real. He goes into a shop, gives the money 
      (or pretends to do so) to the shop keeper, and goes away, telling you 
      to wait outside the shop. He will be back in a few minutes. Of course, 
      he does not return.

      Do not deal with people who approach you on the street, they are the 
      ones who are most likely to try to grab your money and run.

     






















Reverse Phreaking-Mohawk


	Reverse phreaking is a method that you use to rip off
the telephone company by combining phreaking, social engineering,
and scamming.  When you get down to it, it's basically fraud.  I 
have never seen this method mentioned before but I wouldn't be
surprised if this had another name and was discussed somewhere else.

	The basic idea of reverse phreaking is easy.  Instead
of risking getting in trouble by the law and wasting time looking
for a place or person to phreak, you phreak yourself.  This way
you cut out the middle man, that being the person you are phreaking.
And the best part is, it will always work, in theory anyway.  

	What the hell am I getting at?  Let me start off with an 
example.  Most of us know that if you can hack into a VMB and change
the greeting to make it sound like you are accepting a 3rd party
call, you can call all over the world.  However, you have to find a
VMB, then find the code, and then worry about the person finding 
out about it.  If you use reverse phreaking, you will be able to
get all the free long distance you want for however long you want.

	To do this, you first need a VMB.  Now go to a payphone and
change your greeting to make it sound like your accepting a 3rd 
party call.  It helps a lot if it isn't your voice.  Now you just
make as many 3rd party bill calls to your house as you want.  After
2 or 3 weeks out of abusing the hell out of this, call up the
telco and act really surprised.  Make sure you keep your greeting
on there incase they want to listen to it.  Make sure you get them
to tell you that someone hacked your VMB.  Play really dumb by
saying stuff like I never knew that there we're people out
there that did these sort of things.  Make sure you write down
the persons name and the time you called for future reference.

	At the end of your month when your billion dollar phone bill
comes, call up and bitch at them.  Blame it all on your VMB provider,
which helps if it's your long distance company.  Don't stop bitching
until you get the charges removed.  Tell them that you don't know
anyone in that place you called and that you don't even know what a
3rd party call is.  AT&T almost always removes 3rd party calls
that you didn't make.

	That was just an example of reverse phreaking.  There are
tons of situations that you can apply this to.  We will be working
on other examples of reverse phreaking for future issues.  If you come
up with any, be sure to send them in.  This is fraud, so if you do 
this, you could be looking at jail time.

























Tutorial on Blackmail-Jambi


	Scamming, the all around useful skill has been around forever.  
Satan scammed Eve into eating' an apple.  So how'd he do it?  Well, like 
the modern day scammer did some research, polished up his social 
engineering skills, and just basically had the motivation to get 
the task done.

     Research- 
  Remember knowledge is power.  This is a key element in most scams, if 
you don't know anything how are you going to convince others that you 
do?  Like in any other subject you need different kinds of information 
for different kinds of scams.  For instance you know something is up 
with the guy down the street from you messing around with someone other 
than his wife and he's rich, feel like a little black mail?  Me to, what 
you need to find out is what ways you could prove he is cheating, put 
yourself in his wife's shoes.  Find out if she suspects him, if she does 
it will be tons easier.  Well right now your probably asking yourself 
how do I find this out?  Well, if you are a phreaker, hacker, or an 
experienced scammer you should already know, but if not here it goes.

    Phone conversations-
One of the easiest ways to prove things to people 99.8% of the time is 
to let them hear it in the offending persons voice, the target knows 
this also, which dramatizes it upon their first time of hearing the 
information.  Think about it next time your having a conversation that 
you wouldn't want a certain person to hear.  Think about someone calling 
you up at 1:00 and playing that to you over the phone.  Think about 
someone calling up that certain person at 1:00 in the morning and 
playing it to them over the phone.  Get my drift of how effectively 
phone conversations can be used?  Well here are some of the more popular 
methods of getting this info recorded.  Now for this one you might need 
a little cash ($40 bucks or so) unless you want to sit in front of the 
phone all day with a tape recorder.

     #1 Portable Phones
First of all find out if your target has a portable phone if so then get 
to scanning.  If not skip to the next section unless you want to read 
this just for the info.  
     Ask anyone with a scanner they know its extremely easy to listen in 
on portable phone conversations, all you need is a radio scanner . If 
your target does have a portable phone the first thing you need to do is 
find out their frequency.  What you need to do is call up your target 
(from an untraceable source I hope) and listen for a ring on the scanner 
when it is set to each of these frequencies, if you hear it ring try it 
once more just to make sure and if you hear the rings again you got it.  
Here are the frequencies to try:

Channel	 Base	
===========================
   1             43.720	
   2             43.740	
   3             43.820	
   4	           43.840	
   5	           43.920	
   6	           43.960	
   7	           44.120	
   8	           44.160	
   9	           44.180	
  10             44.200	
  11	           44.320	
  12	           44.360	
  13	           44.400	
  14             44.460	
  15	           44.480	
  16	           46.610	
  17	           46.630	
  18             46.670	
  19	           46.710	
  20	           46.730	
  21	           46.770	
  22	           46.830	
  23	           46.870	
  24	           46.930	
  25	           46.970	

     If you don't have a scanner yourself (which you should have) borrow 
one or just go to radio shack and get are really good one (this will 
require a returnable deposit of the cost of the scanner) and just return 
it trying not to damage it.  If you do just say you got it that way, 
trust me, you'd be amazed at what some people believe.  Just remember 
your deposit is at stake.  Ok now you got the scanner.  So what next?
Well next you need to use that $40 I told you about to get a voice 
activated recorder, it can be returnable using the same method as a 
scanner but I suggest you make the investment and keep it, it has many 
uses.  If possible try to get one that has a plug in mike input to plug 
the output from the scanner into.  If your really rich and want to 
gather lots of information you might want to get a DTMF decoder to 
decode the target's mistress's number.  You might even want to try 
reverse black mail and tell the woman what's happening and make her pay 
for the # and info on the girl, but I suggest you try the other way 
first.  One other way you can find out the number is once you have the 
tones recorded on the phone just hold the speaker up to the phone and it 
will call that number because the phone "hears" the tones.  Just ask 
what # that you have called when someone answers.

Ok, now you have a scanner and a voice activated recorder
Now if you got one with a plug in mike input and a scanner with a plug 
in audio output just go to radio shack and get a wire with those plugs 
on both ends of the wire to connect the output of the scanner to the mic 
input of the tape recorder.  Then program in the targets portable phone 
frequency, set the voice activated recording push down the record button 
and wait till the tapes full.  If for some reason you couldn't get those 
plugs on the scanner or tape recorder just put the tape recorder next to 
the scanner in a VERY quiet room next to the scanner with the voice 
activated recording set.  If its not quiet you'll get hours of 
background noise on your tape which is very unpleasant.  If at first you 
don't succeeded in getting any info, try, try again.  Don't give up he's 
bound to talk to her over the phone some time.

Video\Pictures
   This is one of the more advanced ways to gather information, a 
picture says a thousand words.  All i can say is see if you can get 
close enough to take video or pictures and make sure to date them all so 
the wife of the target knows that she was away when it happened.  Try to 
do it in daylight unless you found a way to film them in action from a 
large picture window or something at night when the lights are on.  If 
you can afford it get a telephoto lens.  Otherwise you are confined to 
daylight.  Make sure to wear things that camouflage you with your 
surroundings and keep yourself well hid.  Don't be siting on his porch 
wearing a bright orange hunting suit with your walkman blasting loud 
enough for the neighbors to hear it, I suggest only earth toned clothes 
unless the background you'll be in is something else.


Audio\Bugs
  If you have access to the target's house this is the perfect and 
easiest way to get the evidence you need.  There are a few ways you can 
do this, the easiest way to do this if you have access to the house 
multiple times.  All you have to do is take the voice activated recorder 
like I told you about earlier and place it in an obscure spot but make 
sure you will still be able to hear the... uh, action.  The second way 
is to make a radio bug, if you can't find plans or don't want to deal 
with all of that shit you can buy a kit at Radio Shack but it is very 
weak and only goes a few hundred feet, so you'll have to connect a small 
FM radio to your handy dandy voice activated recorder like I told you 
before, running the output from the FM radio to the input of the tape 
recorder with the voice activated recording set.  Once you got that all 
set you need to put it all in a big Ziplock bag (incase it rains) and 
find a tidy little spot outside the house that is within 200 feet of the 
bug that you placed inside earlier.  The point of doing it this way is 
that you only have to go into the house once and you can leave the $9.99 
worth of electronics inside.  If you don't want to loose that money just 
charge the guy extra for it when you get your cash.  If you are good 
with electronics and can find plans for a strong enough one just build 
the damn thing and rig up a voice activated recorder and FM radio in 
your house.  

Lying
     If all else fails lie.  If you know something is going on or you've 
even seen it but you can't get proof just call up saying you got 
pictures. Why would he argue with you?  Would you argue with you? For 
this one you need to make sure you don't get greedy or else he might 
just call your bluff or in any of these methods just rather that you 
told his wife than pay the outrageous amount of money you ask.

Other Types Of Blackmail
  Blackmail is definitely not confined to cheating husbands, it can be 
used for:  drug use, theft, or other illegal or embarrassing activities 
including um... hidden sexual orientation, sickening bondage sessions, 
cross dressing,  not rewinding video tapes before they are returned, 
Etc.  

May I Take Your Order
  Here is the fun part.  Now you need to determine what you want in 
exchange for not releasing your target's delicate information.  That's 
right blackmail isn't confined to cash either, you can have them give 
you their credit card numbers and confirm all sales and then later say 
that they didn't buy that item.  For you hackers you can get passwords 
to computer systems if the info you got is real delicate.  If your 
underage you can even have em buy some top notch liquor for you, on 
them.  you can get anything your mind can conceive.  Also remember when 
your thinking about what you want make sure it would be worth it to your 
target to pay you in some way not to reveal the info on him.  If all you 
got on him is smacking his wife, as an isolated incident he's not going 
to pay $4000 for a top notch computer system for your room.  One other 
thing is if you absolutely have to get something that has a serial # or 
that can be  traced back to you in some way, get cash and buy it 
yourself. 

Drop Spot
  This here is the more dangerous part of your mission, getting the 
loot.  You can have him mail things to an abandon house, a P.O. BOX you 
got with a fake id, or just have him drop it off on a corner at night 
time and pick it up a few minutes later.  I don't know why but when 
people think of drop spots they think of houses for sale.  That is a NO 
NO.  Most houses for sale that don't have people living in have their 
mail forwarded to another  address!  I learned this the hard way, I also 
feel sorry for the guy I let loose that info on, he paid for my 
stupidity, twice.  I thought he never sent the money but it turned up 
that some lucky family in Georgia got $700 richer.  Of course you can 
have it sent to a house for sale with no one living in it with UPS or 
FedEx.  If what the guy is sending is worth allot tell him to put it in 
a bag or small box or envelope or something and make sure he tells the 
shipping company that the recipient will not be home and it will not be 
necessary for him to sign for it.  Also make sure he tells the shipping 
company it is business papers if they ask. 

Going Through With It
   Well here we go folks the final segment of my blackmail tutorial.  
How to scare the living shit out of  your target.  Here is what you need 
to do, if you have a deep voice your set, but if not you need to find 
someone pronto that you can trust that has a deep voice, also make sure 
to give him some of the money because that way he can't rat on you or 
hell be implemented.  I strongly recommend you have a friend that 
doesn't know the person do it that way incase you ever have to meet your 
neighbor he won't recognize your voice and kick the crap out of you.  If 
you have no friends or if you are not a particularly intimidating person 
get a voice changer for $30.00 from The Edge company at 1 -800-732-9976, 
the Cat# is VC-168.  Through this thing you have to adjust the volume 
and tone until it is just scary enough and just understandable enough, 
so call up a friend and have him tell you which is the scariest and 
which is the most understandable.  Ok, now you got the deep voice, now 
what you need to do is set up your script, yes that's right your script.  
You don't want to be in the middle of a call trying to intimidate your 
target saying "um.. Uh... oh yeah...I' almost forgot!"  That doesn't 
work.  Also practice the script or have your friend practice the script 
several times until it is fluent.  Don't forget to include, what 
information you have, what you'll do with it, what you want, were you 
want it sent, how you want it sent and what you want him to do.  
Remember to try to think of your target as a scumbag not worthy to ask 
to many questions.  If you have this attitude you will fell power over 
him there fore he will fell powerless.  I suggest this, first tell him 
to listen carefully and tell him not to say a single fucking word until 
you tell him to, then give a chance to ask one question with a limit of 
a few seconds (tell him 5 seconds just to set limits) after you've said 
all of your instructions.  Remember to be firm, you want to be totally 
intimidating and you want the target to feel like you have all the power 
and he can't do a single thing about it.  This is good because he is 
more likely to submit to your demands and he is more likely to keep the 
incident to himself.  This is also a key strategy used by expert 
blackmailers.  Also don't forget to tell him that you are watching and 
listening to him and if you see anything you don't like tell him that 
everyone will know everything about him.  Last of all make sure to call 
him early in the morning like at 4:00 but make sure he is fully 
conscious!  I did this one time and the guy just went "uh, ok, I'll talk 
to you later then honey, bye" in a groggy half asleep voice.

Well that's about it, I hope you had fun leaning how to fraudulently 
take money from other people.  And don't forget to tell em Jambi told 
you!
  
























Warning-MF 2 Death

<editor's note:  while we appreciate this warning from MF 2 Death,
this article does not represent the opinions of the OCPP.  We cannot
say if his claims are true or false.  We will look into this matter
further and if we come up with anything, we'll let you know
in a future issue.  If you have had any dealings with the
hackers homepage, let us know if it was good, bad, or whatever.



There has been a lot of talk lately about the Hacker's Homepage.  I 
have always shunned those that have charged high prices for
hacking products who prey on lamers that think that buying
something from a hacking page will make them a hacker.  Information
should be kept free for everyone but if you are gonna sell
something, keep the profit down to a minimum.  I recommend that 
you do not buy stuff from the hackers homepage due to it's 
reputation.  The following are posts that I have copied about the hackers 
homepage from various newsgroups.


1.

 I read a message on the newsgroups that someone else got ripped off by
 this guy.  I wish I would have saw this message myself, before I sent M.
 Smith a money order.

 I sent him a money order and he claimed he never got it.  I sent it via
 Airborne Express and they did a trace and showed that he received it.
 He stiffed me for almost $1000.  This thief needs to be stoped.  He runs
 a website and looks like he uses a mail box rental place for his
 address.  I sent email and left messages also and don't get any response
 from this guy.

 His name is M. Smith and voice mail number is 910-452-6081 and address
 is:

 M. Smith - 10
 1616 Shipyard Blvd.
 Suite #267
 Wilmington, NC 28412

 Just want to warn anyone else thinking about dealing with this guy..


2.

this guy ripped off too, do not sent any money to this guy



3.


http://hackershomepage.com/section5.htm
This is his URL address. It all looks like a legit business. If he doesn't
take your money, he just sends you junk that you can't use. This guy is a
crook. DON'T LEARN THE HARD WAY.\


4.


M.Smith of the Hackershomepage.com is a crook. He took my $600.00 
and sent me a cheap, crudely assembled programmer with freeware that 
has no bearing with what he is advertising.





















BellSouth RightTouch Service-Admiral


    Boy, 1 year already? That's cool as hell. Although I have only being
writing since issue 6, it seems that OCPP has become an extension of me or
something cool like that. I have actually learned more from OCPP than I
have from other zines, or people. I proudly congratulate OCPP on a great
year and many more.
    Also, I might decide to change my nickname from "American Anarchist" to
"Admiral" sometime in the near future. Although, I will still be phreaking
and bringing the good stuff to the OCPP zine. Now, onto the article.

    INTRODUCTION

    Before I begin, you must understand what the BellSouth RightTouch
service is about. The RightTouch service is an automated service that 
allows you to find the amount of your last bill, the date of your last 
payment, make payment arrangements, request a copy of your last bill, order 
calling services, get information and guidance on how to use telephone 
services, discontinue services, request a local directory, or change your 
Personal Access Code (PAC), which can be found on your bill and will be 
explained later. The RightTouch service is simply a sweet control center 
for the phreaker. Although, please note that this is BellSouth I am talking
about. Therefore, this information is for the BellSouth states, which are
Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, North Carolina, South 
Carolina, and Tennessee.

    USING RIGHTTOUCH SERVICE

    To get the RightTouch phone number for your state, please refer below:

      State             RightTouch Number     In State       Out Of State
                                            Contact Number  Contact Number
      --------------------------------------------------------------------
      Alabama           557-7777            557-6500        1-800-753-3320
      Florida (North)   1-800-826-6290      780-2355        1-800-753-2909
      Florida (South)   1-800-826-6290      780-2355        1-800-753-0710
      Georgia           780-2500            780-2355        1-800-356-3094
      Kentucky          557-7777            557-6500        1-800-477-4459
      Louisiana         557-7777            557-6500        1-800-832-0679
      Mississippi       557-7777            557-6500        1-800-622-6146
      North Carolina    780-2500            780-2355        1-800-767-2355 
      South Carolina    780-2500            780-2355        1-800-336-0014
      Tennessee         557-7777            557-6500        1-800-753-0223

    Area codes for each state:

      Alabama         Birmingham & Huntsville:205, Montgomery:334.

      Florida         Tallahassee:850, Jacksonville:904, Gainesville:352,
                      Orlando:407, Tampa:813, West Palm Beach:561, 
                      Fort Myers:941, Ft. Lauderdale:954, Miami:305.

      Georgia         Augusta, Columbus, & Rome:706, Atlanta (Metro), 
                      Marietta, & Norcross:770, Atlanta (Metro):404, Albany 
                      & Savannah:912.

      Kentucky        Frankfort, Louisville, Paducah, & Shelbyville:502.

      Louisiana       Lake Charles & Shreveport:318, Baton Rouge & New 
                      Orleans:504.

      Mississippi     Outside Jackson:601, Jackson:228.

      North Carolina  Fayetteville, Greensboro, & Winston-Salem:910, Rocky
                      Mount:252, Durham & Raleigh:919, Asheville &
                      Charlotte:704.

      South Carolina  Greenville & Spartanburg:864, Charleston, Columbia, &
                      Florence: 803.

      Tennessee       Memphis:901, Nashville:615, Chattanooga, Johnson
                      City, & Knoxville:423, All Locations:901.

    How to use RightTouch service:

      1. Dial the number for your state in the list above.

      2. Press 1 to continue.

      3. Enter your ten-digit phone number, then press #.

      4. Make a choice from the main menu:
              - For bill information/requests, press 1.
              - To order calling services or to suspend or restore service,
                press 2.
              - To receive information & guidance on using telephone
                services, press 3.
              - To order local directories or change your PAC, press 4.

      5. Complete the session by responding to the questions & entering the
         appropriate numbers.

    PAC

    PAC, or Personal Access Code, is the 4-digit number that is like the
password for your account. Now, to get someone's PAC, there are a few
methods:

              - Intercept his mail. Go through his mail. The PAC will be
                located on the first page of the bill, in the "Helpful
                Numbers" section. It is your choice whether to return the
                envelope with the contents back to its original location
                after you have the person's PAC. I am sure what everyone
                will REALLY be doing with them. ;)
              - If you access to the persons house. Let's say he is your
                'friend' and he lets you in his house, rummage through
                his things on counters, tables, dressers, etc., and find
                his BellSouth envelope.
              - Use your wardialer or spend the next 5 decades entering
                all the possible combination of 4-digit numbers.
              - Bribe (or threaten) the mailman.

    Now, from here on in, I am sure that you can go from here to bring
desires and little pleasures or whatever...to...your, uh, phreaking
experience and this is American Anarchist hoping that you have a very 
phreaking good time.


















Microsoft Dupe A Human-Czechmate


<editor's note:  for those clueless people out there, this is just
a joke>

NEW: Microsoft Dupe-A-Human
 
Available in both Windows and Mac formats, Dupe-A-Human is a 
revolutionary cloning application for computer users today.  
Using state-of-the-art design  algorithms, DAH is the newest 
addition to a proud line of Microsoft products  and services.
 
 FREE SHAREWARE AVAILABLE AT:
 www.Microsoft.com <http://www.Microsoft.com> 
 
The shareware demo contains some of our proprietary software features, 
and the output is a simulated human, genetically-engineered to your
specifications.
 
 Built-In Features
 
 ~ Docile
 ~ Highly impressionable
 ~ Drools well in large crowds
 ~ Comes standard with Microsoft Human 2.3 and Brain 1.0
 ~ Additional software(DAH-Personality, DAH-Kinematics, DAH VirusScan)
 ~ 1-Year Conditional Warranty*
 ~ Refurbished models available
 ~ Great to use as a companion while driving in the HOV lane
 
 
 
 
 
*Warranty applies only to DAH software and not DAH human.  One DAH 
human per software package maximum.  Extras must be licensed for 
use by Microsoft.  Manufacturer is not responsible for loss, damage, 
unruly behavior or illogical brain function of the DAH human, nor flaws 
in the DAH software.  Loss due to failure to immunize DAH human with 
MS-Dah VirusScan, or failure thereof, is not the responsibility of 
the manufacturer.  Otherwise how would we make our money without 
billions of patches!  

MS-DAH, Personality, Kinematics, VirusScan, Brain 1.0 and Microsoft are
Copyrights ©1998 Microsoft


















Fighting Back-Mohawk



The FBI has announced that they would like to start using 
cell phones to catch crooks.  They want to track wanted
felons through their cell phones.  The FBI will have to get
a court order to do this but in an emergency, they will be able
to get around a court order.  Critics say it violates Amendment  4:
illegal search and seizure and that the power will be abused.  This is
still in the planning stages and no final details have been released.










EU says has no plans for ``cyberpolice'' force

The European Union has no plans to set up a ``cyberpolice'' force 
to counter any threat hackers may pose to the bloc's computer networks, 
according to a statement published on Friday. 

``The Commission is not considering the creation of a 'cyberpolice' 
or any other kind of Europe-wide police force,'' Anita Gradin, EU 
commissioner in charge of justice and home affairs matters, said. 

But Gradin said the EU was looking at ways to ensure efficient 
public protection, in particular against the use of telecommunications 
for the benefit of criminal organisations.'' 

The Commission has already carried out a study into criminality 
linked to high-technology. 

``The findings and eventual follow-up of this study are currently 
under discussion in the Commission,'' Gradin said. 

Gradin's remarks were contained in a written answer, dated July 
16, to a question from Gerhard Hager, a member of the European 
Parliament. Hager had asked the EU to comment on reports the U.S. 
was considering setting up a force to counter hackers. 























Busted-Mohawk



Argentine Computer Hacker Agrees to Waive Extradition and Returns 
to Plead Guilty to Felony Charges in Boston

The Argentine computer hacker who was tracked down with the aid 
of the first court-ordered wiretap of a computer network has returned 
voluntarily to the United States and is expected to plead guilty to 
illegal wiretapping and computer crime felonies today at one o'clock. 

United States Attorney Donald K. Stern announced that JULIO 
CESAR ARDITA of Buenos Aries, Argentina has returned voluntarily 
to the United States as part of a plea agreement to plead guilty 
to charges contained in an Information filed in the United States 
District Court. 

Under the present extradition treaty with Argentina, Ardita could 
not be extradited. 

"If we aren't vigilant, cyber crime will turn the Internet into the 
Wild West of the 21st century," said Attorney General Janet Reno. 
"The Justice Department is determined to pursue cyber-criminals at 
home and abroad," 

U.S. Attorney Stern stated: "This case demonstrates that we will 
unwaveringly seek to bring international computer criminals to 
justice. However, the international tools available to computer 
crime investigators and prosecutors are perilously slow and 
inadequate. If law enforcement is to be put on even terms with 
criminals who cross between countries at the speed of light, 
multilateral treaties embodying the ever increasing cooperation 
between countries fighting computer crimes must be put in place." 

Stern added, "We must make sure that we have a world wide web of 
criminal justice to catch cyber-criminals." 

During the summer of 1995, the Department of Defense detected 
intrusions into a number of military and university computer systems 
containing important and sensitive information about government 
research on satellites, radiation and energy. The activity was 
traced to a changing set of misappropriated accounts on an Internet 
host computer at Harvard University. 

Stern's investigative team put together an electronic profile of 
the intruder, using key words such as unique names the intruder 
gave to files and Internet protocol addresses of systems being 
targeted by him. This profile was used to apply for the wiretap 
order, the first ever obtained to search communications over a 
computer network, and to configure a monitoring computer which 
had been adapted to conduct the complex, high speed searches needed 
to isolate his activities. 

Barry W. Mawn, Special Agent in Charge of the Boston Office of 
the Federal Bureau of Investigation, stated, "Computer intrusions 
represent a significant crime problem. As this case demonstrates, 
cyber-criminals know no state or international borders. It was 
excellent joint and international cooperative law enforcement 
efforts, in the U.S. and with Argentine authorities, that brought 
about the successful conclusion to this case." 

Pursuant to a plea agreement, Ardita agreed to waive extradition 
and plead guilty to charges that he unlawfully intercepted 
electronic communications over a military computer and that he 
damaged files on a second military computer. The agreement 
contains a joint sentence recommendation of three years' probation 
and a $5,000 fine. If adopted by the District Court, the agreement 
calls for the sentence to be imposed immediately following Ardita's 
plea. The agreement also acknowledges that Ardita had cooperated 
completely and truthfully to date and had been debriefed over a 
two week period in Buenos Aires. 

This case was investigated by the Naval Criminal Investigative 
Service and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The case was 
prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Stephen P. Heymann, Deputy 
Chief of Stern's Criminal Division, and Jacqueline Ross. 




















        
         Ethics and The Young Minds of Today
              By-Jambi (age15)
NOTE: Please read this whole thing through before you judge it.
    
    Today, tomorrow, and the next day, our children and our 
grandchildren are forced to higher standards.  A few years ago you 
could get a decent job with just a high school education; today you 
can get by with community college; tomorrow you will be required to 
have a top education to be a burger flipper.  Large multimillion dollar 
companies tired of screwing around with mom and pop operations, the 
personal side of business is lost.  No one cares that you couldn't afford 
to go to college, they just want results as fast and as cheap as possible.

	Hundreds of college educated minds in their little cubicles happily 
pounding out results quickly and cheaply.  We work all our life starting 
in grade school to get good grades to be placed in good high school 
classes, working in high school to get good grades to go to a good 
college, go to a good college to get a good job, do good at your job 
to get what?  More money?  More possessions?  What the hell ever happened 
to simplicity?  It went to those big companies, sitting and watching us 
work, to make their companies larger, unstoppable.  For what? More money, 
more possessions.  What about living life?  Most of our life will be spent 
working to be able to work more.  Then when we are old and decreped we can 
sit in our sun chairs wondering what the fuck have I done?  What happened? 
Then we realize the chance we had at a real life is past so we just sit in
our sun chairs too old and helpless to do anything about it because we are
already dead.  Those multimillion dollar corporations wither us away day 
by day.  Some have realized what is happening and tried to change it.  
Everyone is brainwashed into believing whatever is fed to you. You no 
longer think for yourselves and you think what you are told to think even 
at a subconscious level.  Everyone is brainwashed to reject any forward
going ideas that might harm these large money making machines.  I'm 
sure many people think the Unibomber is nuts, but we are the ones who 
are nuts like some weird episode of the twilight zone.  In fact he's the 
one that’s got it right.  I do not believe that people needed to die but 
I am also not sure how else he could have gotten the point across.  
People are caught in the flow of the flash flood of fortune 500 
organizations, and we, the workers that are the base of these 
organizations are starting to drown.  People today are wondering what 
is wrong with these kids today that live in nice communities and have 
nice lives that just spontaneously kill people, seemingly with no cause.  
Its now happening all the time, what’s wrong with those kids?  They must 
be nuts.  What’s wrong with you?!?  You sit and watch the youth of today 
decay before your eyes and you blame it on drugs and rock music.  You 
blame it on us.  ON US! How dare you!  Who the hell came up with drugs 
and rock music?  We sure as hell didn't invent it.  Who gave birth to 
us and taught us our ways?  YOU DID.  Hypocritical America ignoring the 
youth, THE FOUNDATION of tomorrow.  See if we give a fuck about you when 
you're in a nursing home not even able to control your bladder functions, 
let alone any giant organizations.  Who will control them then?  We will. 
We will control them because that is what was shoved down our throat  
and that is what we will shove down our children’s thoughts.  These huge 
organizations use us.  They use us almost as a fuel to make their companies 
grow.  They just throw some of us on the fire.  Now ask yourself this 
considering all of what I have just told you.  Who here has the lack of 
ethics.  Us?  The ones that refuse to pay for a long distance phone call, 
or use someone’s credit card to buy something that the card company will 
have to pay for?  Or the tyrannical organizations that use.  That use to 
fuel their needless and meaningless growth.  So, what’s your answer 
ETHICAL PHREAK? 
---------

<Damn.  This has got to be the most pissed of 15 year old I have ever met.
I remember when I was 15 the only thing I had to worry about was if my 8
girlfriends finding out about each other.  All you gotta do is get up 
go to schoo and have fun.  Your parents hand you everything, you have no
bills, no car stuff to worry about, no job.  15 is one of the last good
years of your life.  Anyway, I guess I'll put the age thing aside for a 
minute here.  I guess kids are different these days, god I feel old. 

	Alright, In a way he has a point.  After an hour and a half of
cleaning up his screwed up grammer (His english teacher must be koko the
gorilla), I was sort of able to understand what he was getting at.  
These huge corporations control us and use us.  Well maybe they do,
but I think that is only becuase we let them.  These corporations exist
for a purpose.  People buy their products, so people work for them to 
make their products.  These are the people that are at fault, not
them.  The fact is people are ignorant and they don't want to think
for themselves.  Most people are to lazy to open there eyes and look 
around.  The people that run these big corporations are like drug dealers,
sure you can call them evil but they wouldn't exist if they didn't
have any customers.  No one forced you to work for these people.

	The unibomber, parents, and phreaking.  Now he's going kind 
of off tangent here.   This kid just sounds like he's pissed at
everyone.  If any of you wonder what kind of people shoot kids
at school, I think we got one right here, but then again I could
be wrong.  Wait a minute, that's just my opinion, I can't be wrong.
Sometimes I forget my own teachings. 

	In conclusion, I can say that I am glad that he is trying
to voice his opinion about something, even though I'm not really
sure what that is.  When you want to voice your opinion about something,
try to keep it short, simple, and stupid.  By stupid I mean, simple 
language, small words, etc.  Pretend like you're talking to a 5 year 
old.  Make sure you explain what you are trying to get across.  And stick
to one thing.  If you go all over the place with your argument people
will say, what the hell is he talking about.  I could probably
find out exactly what this kid is trying to say but I don't have
the time to sit here and analyze this article and neither do most
people.  >







From:  Bissia

Is there a phreaking mailing list I could subscribe to ?
I have no www nor ftp access. 
Thank you for your understanding.



<That second sentence is a double negative but I'm not an English
teacher so who gives a rat's ass.  Oh yeah, well yes there is.  The
info for it is in Phreak World News at the top of the issue>
          


From:  Jim 

Hey man, I am sort of starting in the world of hacking and phreaking.  I
have so far hacked a few servers and some other smaller things.  I have
also made a red box(hard to get to work), a blue box(never got it to
work though), and a beige box.  do you think that if i came to a 2600
meeting would i be underclassed or not accepted for my lack of
knowledge?



<well I don't really go to that many 2600 meetings so I can't
speak from personal experience but as long as you're not an 
annoying lamer, you should be fine.  If they give you a hard time
for not knowing stuff then they're not people that you want to 
associate with anyway.  If you don't know that much I suggest you
kinda sit back and watch what's going on.  Whatever you do just
don't say, teach me how to hack.>






From:  dmw


	I've never been to NJ, but will probably be moving up in July,
to Rutgers in Piscataway/ New Brunswick.  Can you tell me which 2600
meeting(s) would be closest to those locations?


	<There are currently 3 2600 meeting that I am aware of, but
don't be surprised if no one is there.  They're kind of on and off.
All info and updates will be kept on the NJ phreak page of the OCPP.
There is now a NJ 2600 list.  For more info, email ocppnj@hotmail.com>




From:  The Integer

Well I really need some help? The question is what is the fastest 
computer on the market. And could you give some specs. If there isn't a 
fastest computer what would be the specs for a super fast computer. Me 
and some of my comrads made a little wager on this topic and I thought 
that you PP's would have the answer!
P.S. Thanks !!

<I'm not the biggest computer expert there is.  Hell, I could hack
my way into a paper bag.  The computer itself isn't fast, it's the chip.
400 MHZ is the fastest chip that's most popular with consumers at the 
moments but by the time you read this, 400 MHZ will probably obsolete.
But that's concerning IBM comps, I don't know much about MACs.  But there
are faster chips out there that aren't really available to the average
consumer.  It's hard to say what's the fastest because someone could be
working on one right now that they haven't told anyone about yet that
will blow everything else away.>





From:  Natalia

Hi! Please pay little attention to me!

I read all articles in this group and it seems to me, that you are
some kind of "good old guy" who is taking care of everybody and 
everything, so I decided to write you personally. Also it was 
very (I mean VERY) interesting to me to read your FAQ update. After 
all I reached out the conclusion that you must be someone very
educated in this specific area of knowledge.

Before to ask you whatever, here is some very brief info about me, 
so to make sure that you will understand me perfectly:  I am a 
foreigner (I guess you already noticed that), I come from small European
country _ Bulgaria and I study psychology in my country. I came here 
five months ago to study english and to see my cousin 
(I use his computer). If you are still with me (I mean you are not 
very bored), here is the question: After I came here my cousin 
insisted so I open my personnel phone line, because he needs his 
own. I really do not know how, but my bill raised up with the time goes
by, and last month it reached $430. It was terrible, because first they
disconnected my long distance provider (ATT) because I do not have 
right to overload $200. Then they told me, that they will reconnect 
me only after the total amount is received. I did not have this money 
and they put me in some payment plan for three months. My cousin 
(he has some kind of moving and storage company "P&L the Picha 
Moving and Storage Co.) completely refused to give me a hand or to share
his phone with me, so when I want to call in Bulgaria, I have to buy 
calling card and go outside  to pay phone. For town calls I am all 
set. I have been advised about your group and here I am (if my cousin 
find out that I connected his e-mail to all these news groups, he will 
kill me). But unfortunately I don't understand anything of all these 
black, blue or red boxes (the only one I explore is this one with my 
maquiage). So please, do not send me to read out whatever, just give me
please an advise (could be at my personal e-mail)  is there any way to 
call in Bulgaria for free from here (I hope I am not too obnoxious) 
and is there any way a stupid (or at least full technical profane) 
girl as me about phones, programs and so on, to learn to do stuff 
like that (calling for free). If it is so, please help me!

If you read this, so thanks for the passion to read my letter 
and if you decide, that you may help me, please do it.

Thanks in advance,
Nataly

P.S. Sorry for any misspellings, I still learn, you know? Also 
my area cod is 617 (Boston).


<Well this is a letter I got from this foreign chic responding
to one of my posts in alt.phreaking.  She thinks I'm some sort of
knowledgeable person but I only play one on TV.  This girl has the 
most broken english I have ever seen.>


From:  Natalia


"Thank" you for your help! I can see, that you are realy willing to 
help me. I appreciate it! I also want to thank you for your fast 
promt (more then three days - no even sign of answer). You do not 
have to! But is the phreaking only an occupation to show everyone, 
that you know something more then everybody else? I mean if you don't
want to help me, please just waste a little time and send me just 
these simple words "I won't help you!" and don't let me waiting so 
long, checking 7 times per day my mail box in hot mail. 

Thanx any way and sorry botering you.
Nataly


<Well I was gonna try to help this chick out but I can't just jump
as soon as people email me.  So when I got this I decided to 
just ignore her and not respond.  I was gonna tell her to get a rope
and make a loop at one end.  Throw the other end around a telephone
poll and let the loop hang about 7 feel off the ground.  Now stand on
a chair and put the loop around your neck.  Now jump off the chair
and you will be able to call Bulgaria for free.  This technique can
be harmful so I recomend that none of my loyal readers try this.  In
fact this technique only works for Natalia.>





From:  Agent Orange


First off, kudos to you and your fine 'zine! I haven't enjoyed any
this much since TFP, which I acctually wrote in for four issues (I'll
take up my pen again for you once my summer job ends), but yours is
definately much better! When in the past few issues you talked about
easy ways for confrencing all your ooBeR 31337 friends from IRC and
abroad, I came accross something I had seen a while ago, but had
changed. If you goto the following address
http://www.sprintconf.com/sprintfamily/four11/demo/
you will find you get a free 10 min confrence of 7 people! It isn't
much, but hey, take what you can get. Now the system does have a
memory however. It remembers what numbers have already tried it out,
so you'll have to switch the main numbers everytime you wanna use it.
Now also kiddies, keep this address bookmarked, because it changes
free offers every couple of months, the last time it was like 30 min
of free long distance, or something like that.
Whatever you are doing now, keep doing it, because it is good as shit!


<Wow compliments and ways to get free stuff.  This has potential for
letter of the year.  It's letters like this that really keep us
going.  I haven't got a chance to check this out yet but it way cool
that he sent this in.  If anyone else has stuff like this send it in.
Thanks so much for the kick ass letter.>


















News-X Logik

SBC agrees to acquire Ameritech  Baby Bell building network 
equal to Old Ma Bell’s ex-franchise
                                                       

SBC Communications Inc., the Baby Bell that has gobbled up two 
large phone monopolies in the past year, announced the biggest 
deal ever in the takeover-crazed telecommunications industry.







THE BELL COMPANY, aiming to nail down a giant swath of the Midwest, 
agreed to acquire sibling Ameritech Corp. in a stock swap valued at 
$61.8 billion. That marks a premium of 27% to Ameritech’s close Friday of 
$43.875 a share, a price already up 37% in just the past eight months.
The boards of the two companies met separately over the weekend and 
announced the deal early Monday.

If consummated, the deal would leave just four remaining Bells out of 
the original seven born in 1984 from the breakup on antitrust grounds 
of the old American Telephone & Telegraph Co. And the number could 
fall further. Just a year ago, SBC, based in San Antonio, added
Pacific Telesis Group, the California-Nevada Bell, to its
corporate corral in a $16.5 billion deal. And even now, it is
working to complete its $5 billion acquisition of the
Connecticut phone company, Southern New England Telecommunications Corp.
But it is an Ameritech accord that will reconfigure the game, 
overshadowing even the pending $37 billion takeover of MCI Communications 
Corp. by WorldCom Inc. and increasing the pressure on big rivals such as 
AT&T Corp. and GTE Corp. to get even bigger fast. Those that don’t
risk being outgunned in the race to package local, long-distance 
and other services for customers as the regulatory barriers to 
competition fall.

Known as the most combative local phone company, SBC would emerge 
from the expected deal as by far the biggest local phone monopoly 
in America. It would encompass three of the original seven Baby 
Bells, post annual revenue of more than $40 billion and have a hold
over 57 million local lines reaching homes and businesses in
13 states, from California and across Texas all the way up
into Illinois, Michigan and Wisconsin, plus all of
Connecticut. SBC management, led by Chairman Edward
E. Whitacre Jr., would lead the combined company, which would be 
called SBC and majority owned by SBC’s shareholders. 






Antitrust approval aside, one thing stands out: It appears as though 
the Bells are trying to put back together the old AT&T monopoly they 
once constituted. The difference now, though, is that their local 
lines are handling a lot more than just basic telephone service. 
After Ameritech, SBC would need only one more deal the purchase of
neighbor U S West Inc.  to sew up a contiguous region
encompassing roughly three-fourths of the continental U.S.
Rivals and consumer watchdogs could complain that the behemoth 
SBC-Ameritech will simply be too big for anyone else’s good. The 
SBC-PacTel union and the $22.7 billion merger of Bell Atlantic Corp. 
with Nynex Corp. have enriched shareholders as the Bells’ stock prices 
have soared. But neither combination has yielded much in terms
of reduced prices, better service, new features or new competition. 
Indeed, Ameritech itself had been planning to challenge SBC’s local 
service in St. Louis, where the Chicago-based Bell has been setting up a 
carrier to compete with SBC. That plan looks likely to be 
put on hold.
            
If regulators don’t initially object to the union, it could
be difficult for them to do so later, should 
AT&T, which held takeover talks with SBC a year ago, push 
to link up with, say, GTE or BellSouth Corp. Or if Bell 
Atlantic itself were to move to merge with BellSouth as a means 
of locking up the eastern U.S. In going after Ameritech, SBC  could 
be building the heft it will need to make a run at
AT&T again and add the No. 1 long-distance provider to its spread.
The emphasis on mergers is as much a reflection of the
stock market these days as it is of the telecom industry:
What junk bonds were to the takeover-crazed 1980s,
muscle-bound stock deals are to the merger mania of the
late 1990s. Roaring stock prices have made possible the
$83 billion merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group Inc.; the
$41 billion acquisition of Chrysler Corp. by Daimler-Benz
AG; the pending WorldCom-MCI marriage and a passel of
other multibillion-dollar deals.

       
      



SBC also faces a tough fight ahead on the regulatory
front. The more SBC succeeds at expanding its 
business, the less it will be able to project the image 
of an injured upstart  especially when it is AT&T whose 
market share and stock price keeps slipping. SBC’s resistance to
competition could affect Ameritech, which has taken pains
to open its phone network in return for long-distance relief
from the FCC and state regulators. A federal judge in
SBC’s home state of Texas recently supported SBC’s
contention that the Telecom Act barring it from competing
with AT&T is unconstitutional. That decision is under
appeal, and Mr. Whitacre’s lawyers must defend it successfully to 
gain instant entry into the coveted long-distance business.


Most experts predict the Bells will enter into long-distance 
service sometime next year. When that happens, SBC plans a 
full-scale attack on AT&T and its other long-distance rivals, 
using its local lines as a direct marketing link with consumers 
and businesses. SBC officials are betting they will win far more 
of the old Ma Bell’s long-distance business than they will have to 
give up as AT&T tries to offer local service.

In the end, anything [AT&T] gets isn’t going to replace the 
profits and revenue they will lose in long-distance, Stephen 
Carter, president of special markets for SBC Telecommunications, 
said in a recent interview. AT&T’s loss in long-distance will 
be larger than anything it can hope to gain in local.



AT&T and its rivals, in arguing that the Bell networks 
should be opened first to competition, couldn’t have said it better.






Sprint Unveils Revolutionary Network


Breakthroughs Give Customers High-Speed, High-Bandwidth, Multi-Function
   

Capabilities Over Single Phone Line 
 

NEW YORK, June 2 /PRNewswire/ -- Sprint (NYSE: FON) announced today a 
revolutionary new telecommunications capability that can provide homes and
 businesses with virtually unlimited bandwidth over a single existing 
telephone line for simultaneous voice, video calls and data services. 


"This truly is the Big Bang that expands the universe of what 
telecommunications can do in our homes and businesses," said William T. 
Esrey, Sprint's chairman and chief executive officer. 


The new capability, developed under the code name Project FastBreak, is not a
 single technology but a combination of numerous technological advances. "As 
a result, we are introducing tomorrow's network today -- the Integrated 
On-Demand Network (ION)," said Esrey. 


A household or business will be able to conduct multiple phone calls, receive 
faxes, run new advanced applications and use the Internet at speeds up to 100 
times faster than today's conventional modems -- all simultaneously through a 
single connection.  The need for multiple phone lines will be eliminated, and 
applications such as high-speed online interactive services, video calls and 
telecommuting will be readily accessible and less costly.  Use of the 
Internet will be so fast that typical pages on the World Wide Web will pop up 
almost instantaneously. 


At home, consumers no longer will be required to buy additional telephone 
lines to make multiple voice calls and be online at the same time.  
Businesses will no longer be required to manage numerous complex networks but 
can rely on a truly integrated network that consolidates voice, video and 
data traffic while reducing costs.  Sprint's ION allows businesses to expand 
dramatically their local and wide area networks and dynamically allocate 
bandwidth, thus paying only for what they use rather than having to purchase 
a set high- bandwidth capacity that often sits idle.  ION will also set a new 
industry benchmark for service reliability, utilizing Sprint's pervasive 
deployment of SONET rings across the United States. 


Today's announcement is the result of five years of confidential work. "We 
saw where the trends were pointing and quietly began designing the network of 
the future.  We've invested more than $2 billion in building the network that 
will handle the advances we're announcing today, and numerous worldwide 
Sprint patents have either been granted or are pending," Esrey said. 


Sprint has been privately testing the revolutionary Integrated On-Demand 
Network capability with both businesses and consumers for the past year.  An 
initial roll out to large businesses will begin later this year.  The service 
will be generally available to businesses in mid-1999, with consumer 
availability late in 1999. 


Sprint's Integrated On-Demand Network also creates a new cost standard for 
the telecommunications industry.  By utilizing cell-based network technology, 
the network cost to deliver a typical voice call will drop by more than 70 
percent. 


For example, Sprint's costs to provide a full-motion video call or conference 
between family, friends or business associates will be less than to  


provide a typical domestic long distance phone call today.  "We have moved 
beyond the outdated cost structure of the last 100 years," Esrey said.  "We 
will be offering every Sprint customer their own multi-billion dollar, 
unlimited bandwidth network in the same monthly price range that many 
customers spend today for communications services." 


"We're past thinking about 'nailed-up' links that are permanent costs to 
customers.  Sprint's network is ready all the time to provide capability and 
capacity whenever and however the customer wants it," said Esrey. 


Sprint's investment in ION provides the fabric for truly redefining local 
phone services.  "Not only have we created the network of the future, but 
this same network will serve as the basis for our competitive local phone 
strategy," said Esrey. 


Sprint's long distance network is already built and covers the entire United 
States. Its reach will be extended through metropolitan broadband networks 
(BMAN) available in 36 major markets nationwide in 1998 and in a total of 60 
major markets in 1999.  These BMAN networks will allow Sprint ION to pass 
within proximity of 70 percent of large businesses without having to utilize 
Digital Subscriber Line (DSL).  For smaller business locations, 
telecommuters, small/home office users and consumers who may not have access 
to BMANs, ION supports a myriad of the emerging broadband access services, 
such as DSL. 


"We are opening new vistas for the ways in which people communicate.  If you 
are a Sprint customer, you will be online, all the time.  You will not have 
to access this network of breathtaking power and speed; you will be part of 
it," said Esrey. 


Unmatched capabilities   

Sprint is able to deliver this revolutionary new capability because its 
network supports a seamless, integrated service to the desktop over an 
Asynchronous Transfer Mode (ATM) backbone network.  This network fabric 
provides the speed, flexible bandwidth, scalability, service consistency, 
security and telephone voice quality that neither the Internet nor 
non-ATM-based networks can deliver. 

"Sprint's Integrated On-Demand Network gives us capabilities our competitors 
don't possess," said Ronald T. LeMay, Sprint's president and chief operating 
officer. "Because of the limitations of their network architectures, the 
traditional telecommunications providers are mostly consolidating and 
bundling different services, not integrating them.  They are building 
separate data networks that are not integrated with their legacy voice 
networks.  As a result, many competitors will be forced to rationalize 
disparate networks or risk being disadvantaged in cost and capability." 


In addition, Sprint's ION leap-frogs the bandwidth-only capabilities of DSL 
and cable modems.  ION provides customers with robust voice, video and data 
services, along with the capability to customize multiple services, all 
combined with access to unlimited bandwidth, available on demand, all the 
time, whether they are across town or across the country. 


The new entrants have other problems, according to LeMay. "They are spending 
billions of dollars to create fiber routes and to build IP (internet 
protocol) networks that only offer best-effort voice transmission, but they 
cannot match the service quality that Sprint provides.  Sprint's ION will 
integrate existing customers' networks and greatly simplify network 
management for Sprint's customers, which the emerging carriers' IP networks 
will not be able to accomplish." 


Unlike Sprint's ION, the emerging carriers networks cannot allow customers to 
"grab" bandwidth as needed.  While the emerging carriers claim to be 
deploying networks to selected U.S. cities, Sprint's high-speed integrated 
network is deployed across the country and within most major cities through 
metropolitan broadband network rings. 


"We have also established distribution channels such as RadioShack and 
established customer relationships and the power of the Sprint brand, one of 
the most widely recognized in the United States.  Sprint's total, integrated 
set of services -- which includes long distance, local and the only 
nationwide digital PCS offering -- provides Sprint with a better 
capacity/cost position, challenging the claims of the emerging and legacy 
carriers," said LeMay. 


Cisco, Bellcore and RadioShack   


Central to the deployment of Sprint's Integrated On-Demand Network (ION) will 
be three partners -- Cisco (Nasdaq: CSCO), Bellcore and RadioShack. 


Cisco will provide technology at the heart and edge of ION, including 
customer premise equipment.  Through the exchange of intellectual property, 
Cisco will provide the capability of voice over ATM for ION and the ability 
to connect to other carriers' legacy circuit-switched networks.  In addition, 
Sprint will be an early implementer of the Directory Enabled Networks (DEN) 
standard.  Networks with DEN capability place information about users and 
their services on ION to deliver better performance, reliability, security 
and quality for a variety of networked applications. 


"Cisco is proud to be working with Sprint to deliver the benefits of data, 
voice and video integration to customers," said John Chambers, president and 
CEO of Cisco Systems.  "By collaborating with Sprint and Bellcore, we will 
develop and bring to market the first ION applications and services and lead 
the way in making multimedia communication an everyday part of doing 
business." 


Bellcore is providing the central software framework that is the core 
intelligence of ION, in addition to the telephone features commonly in use 
today.  Through its proven expertise, Bellcore will also develop software and 
provide consulting services to ensure the same reliability for ION that 
Bellcore helped create for the circuit-switched voice network. 


"Bellcore is pleased to partner with Sprint and Cisco to make Sprint's vision 
of a truly integrated on-demand network a reality.  The implications of this 
new network for businesses and consumers are profound," said Richard C. 
Smith, CEO of Bellcore. 


"Cisco and Bellcore are the perfect technology partners in this venture," 
Esrey said.  "In Cisco we have the clear market leader in data networking and 
application enabling, while in Bellcore we have the acknowledged expert in 
providing the industry's most advanced capabilities of reliability and 
scalability." 


Another key partner for Sprint is RadioShack, a company already selling a 
full portfolio of Sprint products and services.  With 6,900 locations 
nationwide, RadioShack has a store within a five-minute drive of 94 percent 
of the U.S. population.  One million people visit a RadioShack store every 
day. 


"Sprint's alliance with RadioShack provides consumers with the ability to go 
to one place near their work or home to have all their communications 
questions answered, purchase their products and services, and have those 
products and services integrated through one communication services 
provider," said Esrey. 


"This alliance also offers distribution capabilities that no other telecom 
company can come close to.  As Sprint revolutionizes communications with ION, 
the 25,000 RadioShack sales employees will help redefine the way small 
businesses and consumers purchase their products and services," added Esrey. 


"We expect to play a key role in getting America 'connected' at the 
grassroots level for the next century," said Leonard H. Roberts, president of 
RadioShack and CEO-elect of Tandy Corporation.  "We are positioned to enhance 
our reputation of being America's 'Telephone Store,' to being America's 
'Telecommunications Store'." 


Customers already on board   

Several major corporations have already committed to utilizing Sprint's 
Integrated On-Demand network services in the months to come. Coastal States 
Management, Ernst & Young LLP, Hallmark, Silicon Graphics, Sysco Foods and 
Tandy will be initial customers. 


For these businesses, and others like them, ION offers a significantly more 
productive and efficient communications solution than today's model. High 
speed, integrated communications will be available to corporate locations, 
branch offices, small businesses and the small office/home office worker.  
The result is an enhanced virtual private network that enables applications 
such as collaborative product development, supply-chain management, distance 
learning and telecommuting. 

"Businesses will be able to both provide communications internally and  


develop a totally new way to think about integrating suppliers, partners and 
clients into a truly integrated multimedia network," said LeMay. 


For small businesses, Sprint's next-generation network is the great equalizer 
-- delivering the same communications power that is available to large 
businesses. 

The great equalizer concept also extends big-company capability to the small 
offices of large corporations, to telecommuters, to small office/home office 
and to individual entrepreneurs.  "Whether you are an executive working in 
your home office or a budding entrepreneur with your only office at home, the 
capabilities of Sprint's network are there for you online all the time," 
LeMay said.  "A Sprint customer will have the same computer access and 
video-conferencing capabilities, in terms of speed, quality and reliability, 
that are available in the office.  This has profound implications in making 
telecommuting truly viable." 


Innovation and leadership   

More than a decade ago, Sprint ushered in the era of pin-drop quality and 
reliability when it introduced the first nationwide, all-digital fiber optic 
network.  Sprint was first to market with a variety of products and services, 
including the first public data network, the first national public frame 
relay service and the first nationwide ATM service offering.  Additionally, 
Sprint deployed the first coast-to-coast SONET ring route and was the first 
carrier committed to deploying Dense Wave Division Multiplexing on nearly 100 
percent of its fiber miles.  SONET allows voice, video and data services of 
any bandwidth size to be transmitted to its destination with guaranteed 
delivery. Metropolitan Broadband Networks extend that powerful service and 
delivery guarantee in major markets.  This same innovation and execution 
prowess is the foundation for ION. 


Another technological advancement developed over the past four years as part 
of ION is the ability to carry pin-drop quality voice traffic over an ATM 
network and to seamlessly connect to any public switched network.  This 
capability will be transparent to customers using the Sprint network. 


Network capacity is not an issue.  Through deployment of Dense Wave Division 
Multiplexing and other fiber-optic technologies, Sprint can efficiently and 
quickly scale network capacity, as the marketplace demands, while 
simultaneously improving unit economics.  In 1998, a single Sprint fiber pair 
will be able to simultaneously carry over 2 million calls --- the equivalent 
of the combined peak time voice traffic of Sprint, AT&T and MCI. Next year, 
that same fiber pair will be able to simultaneously carry four times the 
combined voice traffic of Sprint, AT&T and MCI.  "In the Year 2000, one pair 
of Sprint fiber will have the capacity to handle 34 million simultaneous 
calls, or 17 times today's combined volumes of Sprint, AT&T and MCI, without 
having to physically construct any new fiber," Esrey said. 


Sprint also is a founding member of the "Universal" ADSL Working Group, aimed 
at accelerating the adoption and availability of high-speed digital access 
for the mass market.  The goal of the "Universal" ADSL Working Group is to 
propose a simplified version of ADSL that will deliver to consumers high- 
speed modem communications over existing phone lines, based on an open, 
interoperable International Telecommunication Union (ITU) standard.  Other 
participants in this working group include Microsoft, Intel, Compaq, Cisco 
and other technology and communications companies.  "Quick adoption and 
deployment will lead to availability of ION capabilities to a larger portion 
of businesses and residences," said Esrey. 

"Sprint led the way over a decade ago with crystal-clear quality and the 
construction of our nationwide fiber network. Since that time we have led the 
industry in numerous 'first to market capabilities' across the emerging and 
high-growth data market. Today, with its innovative ION applications, Sprint 
establishes its place as the pre-eminent provider of total services to our 
customers," Esrey concluded. 




Hacker tries to enter U.S. military computer via Japan

A computer hacker in Israel has tried to illegally enter a U.S. 
Navy computer network in California by routing his connections via 
a computer software manufacturer in Kanazawa, Ishikawa Prefecture, on 
the Sea of Japan coast, investigators said Wednesday. 

The Japanese company, which has no connections with the U.S. Navy, 
said it has received a warning message via electronic mail from the 
naval computer system stating that someone using the company's computer 
had illegally tried to enter its system, company officials said. 

An organization connected with the Ministry of International Trade 
and Industry (MITI) that deals with damage resulting from illegal 
computer access, said it has received no reports of U.S. Navy 
computers issuing such a warning. 

Company officials said they first realized the hacker had been 
illegally connecting to their computer last November, and that 
about 100 illegal connections had been made through the beginning of May. 

After analyzing records of connections made during a two-day span 
from March 21, the company realized the hacker had disguised his 
attempts to seem as if the connections were originating from the 
company's computer systems, they said. 

They said the hacker made more than 100 attempts to enter the military 
computer system. 

The warning message was received March 25. 

"The hacker happened to use our system to enter the U.S. system, 
and now he has got us caught up in a problem with the U.S. military," 
a company official said. 




The Happy Hacker' Rocks InfoWar.Com Bookstore

"The Happy Hacker" continues to rock the InfoWar.Com on-line bookstore 
with "stunning international response!" according to site manager, 
Betty O'Hearn. 

Orders are pouring in from around the world.  The book, recently 
given rave reviews by Winn Schwartau has skyrocketed to the top of 
InfoWar.Com's sales. 

Authored by "I remember the 40's" Carolyn Meinel, "The Happy Hacker" 
apparently is satisfying everyone's burning desire to understand the 
hacker mind and to learn their tricks in a step by step fashion. 

Schwartau's review opens with, "In her folksy conversational manner 
(she's from New Mexico), Carolyn starts off by teaching the reader 
how terribly insecure a Windows95 box is, and walks us through a 
series of super-simple ways to hack right into your corporate network.  
Considering that the vast majority of computer crimes and hacks occur 
from within a company's network, these introductory parts of 
'The Happy Hacker' are worth the price of the book alone." 

He continues, "These are the weaknesses that Microsoft will never 
tell you about, wishes would just go away and provide one of the 
most compelling reasons to ignore Win95, forget about Win98 and rush 
right out and buy a copy of the infinitely more secure NT." 

Meinel provides dozens of step by step methods on exactly how hacking 
is done; from telnet to port surfing to using a shell account. 

Far from encouraging teenage wannabes to hack away at your front 
door, the book is chock full of "You Can Get Punched In the Nose, 
Fired and Busted Warnings" and "You Can Go To Jail Warnings."  Many 
of the tricks and techniques throughout "The Happy Hacker" are 
clearly illegal, immoral and unethical.  The point that Meinel makes 
over and over is that "hacking your own equipment is healthy and 
good.  Hacking a box or network with permission is good.  Any other 
kind of hacking will land you in jail." 

Schwartau echoes those sentiments.  "Hacking is good.  Criminal 
hacking is bad.  Happy Hacking is educational, ethical and legal." 

"The Happy Hacker" has something for everyone.  It's a moderately 
technical book, with advice for the Newbie sprinkled throughout, 
as well as offering Evil Genius Tips for the more advanced readers. 

Included in the book is an extensive education section on 
"spoofed" email, which will be a God-send to the network 
administrator trying to train staff in the details of how hackers 
work their so-called magic.  The dangers of open ports and shell-based 
telnet are driven home as is the clearly written section on How 
To Map the Internet. 

"The biggest criticism of 'The Happy Hacker' is that there is 
So-Much information," Schwartau says, "and so many URL's, I wish 
they were all organized in a single bibliography." 

InfoWar.Com ships "The Happy Hacker" from stock within 24 hours 
unlike the "others" who require 4-6 weeks. 

"The Happy Hacker," Copyright, Carolyn Meinel, 1998.  260pp 
American Eagle Publications, Inc.  ISBN 0-929408-21-7 $29.95.  
Available at the on-line bookstore at http://www.infowar.com or 
by calling 813-393-6600. SOURCE  InfoWar.Com, Interpact, Inc. 





Mexican hackers threaten to enter government sites

Mexican hackers who recently defaced a government Internet home 
page said on Tuesday they would break into and publicize official 
bank accounts, cellular phone conversations and e-mail addresses. 

"We'll be in every ministry, in every government cell phone, bank 
account, electronic transaction and e-mail to publicize what really 
goes on in Mexico behind our backs," a group that calls itself "X-Ploit" 
said in statement issued by e-mail. 

In February, the group claimed responsibility for defacing the Finance 
Ministry's web site, which appeared plastered with pictures of 
revolutionary leader Emiliano Zapata. 

The hackers, however, have said they were not affiliated with the 
cyber-savy Zapatista National Liberation Army, which led a 1994 
Indian uprising in the southern state of Chiapas. 

"X-Ploit" said on Tuesday it had hacked into web sites of the 
National Water Commission, the National Statistics Institute, the 
Health Ministry and the Mexican Senate. It claimed to have obtained a 
list of senators' e-mail addresses. 






German liberals say computer attacked by hacker

Germany's Free Democratic Party (FDP), junior partner in Chancellor 
Helmut Kohls centre-right government, said on Monday a hacker had 
broken into its computer system and altered internal files causing 
considerable damage. 

It said many Internet Web sites would have to be rebuilt and that 
the party's server would have to be taken offline altogether for 
the work to be completed. 

It was not clear whether the hacker, whose identity was not known, 
had targetted just the liberals or attacked other parties as well, 
the FDP said. 

``While technically extremely proficient, the hacker made rather 
unimaginative, clumsy and humourless changes,'' the FDP said 
in a statement. ``The damage done was considerable.'' 

The liberal FDP, Germany's self-styled party of tax-cutting, 
is running on a pro-business platform in the September 27 general election. 







Hacker Hits Air Force Computers

A hacker broke into the computer system at the Elgin Air Force 
Base but was quickly spotted and cut off, officials said. 

The hacker has not been identified, and the Air Force Office of 
Special Investigations is looking into the break-in. 

The June break-in was the first at Eglin, which develops and tests 
new bombs, missiles and other weapons. 

As the hacker tried to move deeper into the computer system, 
automatic security measures detected suspicious activity and the 
hacker's access was shut down, said Dave Sears, a computer scientist 
with the 96th Communications Group. 














The OCPP is a free publication.  Copyright 1997, 1998.  All 
information in this issue is property of the Ocean County Phone Punx.
Nothing may be copied or reproduced.  Our staff and our ISPs are not 
responsible for your actions.  What you do with this information is
up to you.  