                   Ocean County Phone Punx Presents  
                                 OCPP01
                             April 26, 1997
                      Last Updated  June 31, 1998
                         http://ocpp.home.ml.org                   
	
                                Contents
                               Intro - Mohawk
               Turning your car into a mobile phreak unit - phear
                          Pager bombing - Mohawk
                      Operator Workstations - Mohawk
                            editorial - phear
                      Free long distance - Mohawk


Intro-Mohawk

	Well after months of waiting, the first issue is finally 

out!  But who the hell are we?  Basically we're a group of 

phreakers from Ocean County and some from other places in NJ.  We 

felt there needs to be a zine with a strong emphasis on 

phreaking.  There a lot of good zines out there but half of the 

issue is focused on hacking.  Also, many of them don’t focus on the 

future of phreaking.  That’s where we come in.  We will be talking mostly 

about present day phreaking, and the future of phreaking.  We are slowly 

getting shut down and we don’t even know it.  Right now the telco 

companies are developing technology that is gonna make our current 

methods of phreaking obsolete.  

	
Most of the boxes that worked in the 80’s have been obsolete for 

years.  Red boxing is slowly dying too with the invention of anti-fraud 

devices on payphones.   We will be printing excerpts from technical 

manuals that focus on today’s technology, and tomorrow’s.   We will also 

have new ways of phreaking, telco news, editorials, letters, 

stories, and whatever anybody feels like writing.  If you have 

something you wish to contribute just mail it in.  Enough with the crap, 

let’s get to the zine.
  















We are still looking for more writers.  For information about 

positions, mail: ocpp@hotmail.com


If you would like to become a distro site, mail: ocpp@hotmail.com


To be notified of any URL changes and issue releases, get on the 

mailing list:  ocpp@hotmail.com


Disclaimer and Copyright info is located at the end of the issue.
























How to turn your car into a Mobile phreaking unit-phear


	Well all right then..  I'd like to start off with a special thanks 

to Havoc Bell and OCPP for putting this in their zine and for having a 

good zine in general (they're getting less and less common.)  I'm sure 

every true phreak out there has been wardialing from home lookin' for a 

couple pbx's or a fax or two to plague and thought to themselves, "damn 

it, sure would be a lot better if I didn’t have to do this 

from home... what with all the *69's and so on.." well I’ve thought 

this myself and I decided I was gonna do somethin' about it.  That’s 

why I’m writing this article:  "how to turn your vehicle.. even the 

most piece of shit car you've ever had.. you know, the one you 

always had to pushroll to start, the one that didn't 

have reverse or an e-brake, into a mobile phreaking unit".  What if you 

didn’t have to wardial from home,  what if you simply had to pull your car 

up and whip out a 50 foot phone cable and jack in wherever you pleased?


     You can.. if you are reading this then you have a pc, or are 

reading it on a friends pc and I’m sure through your incredibly 

persuasive powers of coercion you could convince them to try this 

idea out, in fact just bribe them, you'll thank yourself, offer 

them your sister, free #900 calls, revenge etc.  Anyway, here’s 

what you need:  A pc with a modem.. any pc will do,  if you have 

to, go steal your grandpa's XT and stick a 2400bd in it.  A monitor, 

VGA is nice but not a necessity, the smaller the better.  A power source.


	Now the power source issue is a little more complex,  right now 

cuz I’m short on cash I use an APC Powecell backup for electric in 

the car.  I bought it for my pc a while back cuz UE sucks.  Anyway 

it's good for about 4 hours and that’s plenty.  Any kind of backup 

will do, as long as you get at least an hour out of it.  You'll 

have to find the internal speaker cuz when that sucker starts 

doing backup power its gonna make a real annoying beep,  so take it 

apart and desolder the internal speaker and then your set.  Of 

course the best type of power supply, the one I recommend, is a line 

inverter, or converter or some shit.  

	Anyway what it does is take the 12vdc from your car and turn it 

into 120vac.  The best one I’ve ever used is made by tripplite and its 

about $100. I know, I know, a little pricey but it's worth it, with 

the car on you will never notice a decrease in battery power. With 

the car off you could run a pc about 3 hours without draining the 

battery much,  the cheaper line inverters may cause some strange 

small lines on your monitor, which really aren’t bad just kind 

of annoying.   


     All right so you've got all your supplies, now your asking yourself 

what the fuck do I do with all this shit?  You've just got to mount it.  

I have a small black Escort Gt.  If I can fit all this shit in my 

car then so can you.  Firstly find a good place for the pc itself.  

Behind the passenger seat works well, unless you have a van. That 

is truly the ultimate phreaking machine.  Just slap a desk in 

the back and grab an extension cord.  As for the cars, in most,  

the best place to mount the monitor is in the front passenger seat 

wedged in-between the dashboard and the edge of the seat.  It sits at 

a nice angle so you can see what you're doing and it looks 

real nice, or at least as nice as a monitor wedged into a car can look.  

Now if you just happen to luck out and find a nice small monitor, like a 

10" or an 8",  then just stash it somewhere  If you have enough room, 

stick it in-between the passenger and driver seats. You wanna put 

the power supply in an easy to reach place so you can run all the 

cords to it without a lot of hassle.  Then you need to determine how 

many people are coming with you on your little joyride and tell the 

other three to go the fuck away you only have room for one and he’s 

riding in the back.  If you have an external modem I would recommend 

sticking it in the passenger side by the door in that crevase under 

the seat.  Okay, you also need at least 25ft. of your favorite 

phone cord.. just take the one off your girlfriends phone.  So, you've 

got your vehicle all loaded up and your ready to go but your not 

sure exactly how best to use this new found toy.  So I'll 

tell you about a few of the things I’ve done with mine.  


     Well the first and foremost thing to do is go find a good spot, 

if your gonna use a good size box with a lot of connections then 

make sure to bring your beige box, and if you plan on harassing 

any of these fools grab your favorite touch-tone too.  So, me, 

chaos, and his girlfriend (don’t ask me why I let her go, I didn’t 

have the room and she bitched about her leg cramping the whole time) 

were out looking for a good spot and found a nice dark church, which by 

the way are really good spots to go most of the time.  We parked the 

car on the side and opened up the phonebox.  Then I just plugged right 

on in.  I had the girlfriend do lookout duty and then dialed 72# 

573-xxx-xxxx and forwarded everything to my favorite person to 

harass... which by the way if anyone wants to call her is 573-581-7077.. 

and make sure you say something about her mom.  Since I live in a 

little shit town, people here are very guarded about phone harassment,

so they respond well to hang-ups.  I loaded up my favorite wardialer,  

ToneLoc, which is a great wardialer,  but I also use THC-Scan from time 

to time.  I set the call time to 15 sec. to allow for a good two rings 

and set it to dialing.  I called about 80 numbers at random with the 

wardialer.  Now this is one of my favorite tricks:  all the people 

that *69 call the forwarded number and never interrupt my dialing.  I 

figured I'd had my fun and decided to get the hell out of there. 

Besides, the girlfriend had to use the bathroom and for some reason 

the bushes just weren’t good enough (I can't imagine why).  So off we 

went, to the gas station where I happened to notice the fax number.  

I wrote it down when I got to the car, and went to another local 

church.  Unfortunately it had floodlights, so I hopped out and 

unscrewed the bulbs.  After that I jacked in and faxed several 

nasty letters to the gas station about how much I really hate 

the way they look me when I walk in there.  Just because I have a nosering

and don’t like my pants to fit so tight I have to talk in a high pitched 

voice is no reason to i.d. me every time I want a pack of smokes.   So 

chaos thought it might not be a bad idea to give them a call and make 

sure they got the faxes.


     So he called and told the tubby bitch behind the counter to fuck off 

and enjoy the faxes.. well all right.  That’s it.. and remember if you 

see a cop just pretend your lost, most cops are completely pc illiterate 

and have no clue about phreaking either.  If you can't run then just 

play dumb.  "Oh no officer that’s not a pc in my car,  it's part of a new 

computerized throttle control "... or maybe you could try "Well if you 

weren’t so busy eating that doughnut maybe you’d know that this is a 

highly sophisticated state of the art mobile phreaking unit used to 

create chaos in the homes of people just like you, and I never would have 

known about it if it haven’t been for Havoc Bell and OCPP and this really 

fucked up article I read written by some guy named phear who phreaks 

with chaos and crypto and somebody else's girlfriend, who cant seem to 

use the bathroom in the bushes."  Well that’s all.. happy mobile 

phreaking.


		phear. 	    <PLA>    <HBS>    <OCPP>   	                                       



















Pager Bombing-Mohawk


	Pager Bombing can be a great way to really piss someone 

off.  Making other people call someone you hate all day is really 

easy.  Basically you just page a crap load of people and put in 

the number of whoever you want to piss off.  Although this seems 

like a good idea you are probably wondering:  where am I going to

get tons of pager numbers?  Well when a company buys numbers for

their pagers they buy them in strings.  For example:  if the number

is XXX-XXX5 than XXX-XXX0-9 will be a pager number, sometimes it is 

the third to last number, but it is usually the last.  There ya go,

now ya got 10 numbers out of one.   I really wanna ruin someone's

life but 20-30 numbers isn't gonna do it.  

	Where am I gonna get alot of numbers?  Well there's a list printed 

everyday, in the classified section in the newspaper.  People leave their 

pager number if there sellin somethin and they're not gonna be home.  Read 

over the used car ads and in 5 mins you'll find about 25 numbers which turns 

into 250.  Some company's lease out whole exchanges for their numbers so 

that every 123-XXXX number is a pager.  These are great.  The ultimate 

number is a 1-800 number where you have to enter in a certain extension 

for that person's pager.  This can house 1000's of numbers.  These are 

good to have cuz you can call them for free from anywhere.  You'll have

to sit there and figure out the different numbers but it's worth it.


















Operator Workstations-Mohawk


	

	Operators sit at computer workstations, often based on industry 

standard personal computers with custom keyboards.  A group of workstations 

can be connected through a local area network to supervisory workstations 

and to an interface unit that provides voice and date connections to the 

switch.

	Operator workstations on the Local Area Network or LAN can be set 

up as "gateway" positions, providing connections to directly assistance or 

intercept systems, or to other external databases.

	The operator services center doesn’t have to be in the same 

building as the switch, or even the same city.  It is not uncommon 

for workstations to be located 300 or 400 miles away.  If fiber-optic 

connections are used, the workstations can be located up to 1,200 

miles from the host switch.

	Workstations can be dedicated to a specific task, such as toll 

assistance service, or support multiple services, such as toll assistance 

plus directory assistance.  New "intelligent" workstations support these 

traditional services alongside any number of custom applications created by 

the network provider on a third-party developer.

	When workstations software has been built on open interfaces and 

industry standards, network providers can create powerful workstation 

applications that interact with other elements of the operator services 

environment. 














Editorial-phear 

	Okay.. here we go again.  Yet another article.  Some people may 

find the contents of this article offensive,  that’s not my problem if 

you don’t like it, fuck off.  I'm writing this article because I’ve been 

seeing a lot of group status hype and that sort of thing floating around 

in ezines and IRC.  To be perfectly honest it just pisses me off.  Why 

is everyone so damn concerned about what 3l3373 group they belong to??  

The purpose of the underground is for the sharing of information. When 

people get more concerned about what powerful and widely noticed group 

they belong to they forget about what’s important.  It's not

what group your with or who you know its what you do.  I will phreak 

until I cant move, until my bones are old and decayed and my brain 

is a sickening pile of wormfood.  There’s only two things I rely on 

to learn.  Myself, as in good old trial and error.  I've learned more 

from going out in the rain for two hours phreaking a nice quiet 

suburbia then I have in a year of reading articles on the net.  There 

is no replacement for hands on experience.  The other thing I learn 

from is reading every scrap of phone info I can get my hands on.  

Fortunately a lot of the info I’m looking for is easily found in 

ezines, but the more everybody keeps worrying about who’s the best, 

the less good info I get in ezines.  It's not about competition it's 

about communication.  I remember reading in an HBS zine that there 

have been a damn lot of takedowns, and to be careful.  

	Its very true, in fact the government and the phone companies are 

making a lame attempt at shutting down the underground.  I know that no 

matter what they do the underground will always be there,  but there’s no 

sense in handing ourselves over.  So I guess what I’m trying to say is,  

stop all this stupid I’m better than you are bullshit, and stop flaming 

people who are just trying to get started,  everybody has to start 

somewhere.  There is strength in numbers and the stronger we are, the 

tighter we become.   Now don’t get me wrong I’m all for flaming true 

lamers in fact I do it regularly, and enjoy it.  And the last thing I 

want in the underground is a bunch of weak-ass narc out lamers.  So 

think about it the next time you see the word 3l3373 and ask yourself.. 

what kind of weak ass lamer substitutes 3's for E's anyway??

		phear.		<PLA>   <HBS>  <OCPP>


	<Have an editorial you want to write?  Or if you want to write an 

opposing editorial send it to us and if we like it will publish it.>













Free long distance through voice mail-Mohawk


	With the phone company killing off most of the ways we have used 

to get free long distance, we have to start looking for new ways to 

talk LD for free.  Some of you might already know this but the 

majority of you have never thought about it.  

	With most voice mail systems, during the greeting 

you can hit the * button to reach another menu where you can access 

another mailbox.  This usually works on bell systems.  Well if you have 

voice mail and your friend in another state does you can talk for free at 

the expense of someone else.  Look in the paper, phone book, advertisement, 

or whatever and look for a business that has a local number and a 1-800 

number listed such as a gas station, lawyer, etc.  Make sure that that 

number is in the same area code that your VMB is in.  Now have your 

friend do the same thing with his area code.  Now give each other the 

numbers you found.  Now whenever you two want to talk just call the 

1-800 number and at the greeting press * and enter his voice mail number.  

Then leave a message.  You can sit there all night and relay messages to 

each other.  These places have to be closed when you are doing this.  Call 

from a payphone as much as possible and don’t over use this because they 

will notice sooner or later.  

	Voice mail can also be used to decode DTMF tones.  At the prompt 

where it asks you to enter the mailbox number, play the tones and it 

will say number XXXXXXX is an invalid box.  If you have anymore tricks with 

voice mail we didn’t mention here mail us.








The OCPP is a free publication.  Copyright 1997, 1998.  All 
information in this issue is property of the Ocean County Phone Punx.
Nothing may be copied or reproduced.  Our staff and our ISPs are not 
responsible for your actions.  What you do with this information is
up to you.  