		       Ocean County Phone Punx Presents
				   OCPP02
				June 26, 1997


				Contents
 			      Intro-Mohawk
			Scammer’s Handbook-Mohawk
			Examples of Scams-Mohawk
			  950 numbers-Mr. Seuss
			Slough of Despair-Checkmate
		Key Components of the Digital Switch-Mohawk
			  Lineman Scams-Phear

Intro - Mohawk

	Well I guess were an official zine now.  I want to thank everyone 

who has helped us and everyone who has emailed us saying how much we helped

them. Keep the mail commin.  This issue’s main focus is on scams.  The 

issues will come out the 26th of every other month until the zine gets

to big and it needs to be released monthly.  

















Scammer’s Handbook - the do’s and don’ts of scamming - Mohawk



	When scamming there are certain rules you should follow so that you 

don’t get busted.  These "do’s and don’ts should help you.



People that shouldn’t scam

-If your stupid don’t scam.  In order to keep yourself out of jail you have 

to be smart.  

-If you can’t lie good.  Not only do you need to be able to lie good, you 

have to be able to lie in an instant.  

-If you have a criminal record.  If you’ve never been in trouble before the 

police, storeowner, whoever will most likely believe your story.  Also, the 

judge will let you go on probation if someone presses charges against you.

-Little kids.  No body believes little kids and everyone suspects them. 





Do’s


-Keep your mouth shut. When you pull off a scam, don’t tell anyone. People 

love to tell all their friends about how you ripped off a store.  Also, if 

they ever wanted to they could hold it against you if you ever piss them off.

-Read the news paper.  Check out the police report published in your local 

paper.  Try to read this as much as possible.  Look for people pulling off 

scams and people getting caught scamming or stealing.  This will tell you 

what stores have a lot of security and which scams not to do.  You can also 

get ideas for scams and learn form other people’s mistakes. 

-Pay attention.  When your at a store or where ever try to pay attention to 

the way people work, the store’s return policies, and the intelligence of 

the employees.  If you do this, you can spot the potential for a great scam.  

-Learn the store policy.  Go to a store an ask them about their return 

policy.  See if you can spot any loop holes in it.  

-Think.  Give your scam some thought.  Run it through your mind over and 

over again.  Maybe you can perfect it, maybe you’ll realize that it’s very 

risky.  

-Plan ahead.  Plan for the worst possible situation.  If you get caught, 

what are you gonna do or say?  

-Get a friend to help.  You’ll need a good friend to help you.  Make sure 

you have something on him just incase he ever want’s to bust you.

-Start small and work your way up.  Start with something small like a free 

soda not a free computer.  

-Look different.  When you try to scam something, look different than you 

normally do.  Wear your hair a certain way, wear glasses, and put on clothes 

that you don’t normally where.  A hat works good too. 

-Be Patient.  Some scams take time.  Don’t expect the scam to pay off right 

away.  

-Use Cash.  You have to spend money to make money so make sure you use cash 

and not a check or credit card.  If the store catches on to you, they’ll 

have all the info they need to find out where you live.  



Don’ts 


-Don’t get greedy.  This is a way a lot of people get caught, they find a 

great way to get something for free and they do it over and over again.  

Every store will eventually catch on to your scam.  It may take a day or a 

year but they will catch on.  Quit while your ahead.  

-Never admit to anything.  If you do get caught never admit it.  Deny 

everything for as long as you have to.  

-Don’t scam your work.  Stores suspect their employees more than they suspect 

their customers.  Use your work to learn about scams but never do them there.  

-Don’t go back to the place that you scammed right away.  If you scammed 

something really big never go back there.  They might still be lookin for

you.  

-Don’t go back to a chain store.  If you scammed a chain store such as 7-11 

or Mc Donalds, stay away from all of them in your area for a while.  When a 

chain store even thinks that they got scammed, they send faxes out to the 

main office who then fax all the stores in the area describing what the 

people looked like and what they did in hopes of catching them.

-Don’t scam a lot of things in a small period of time.  After you scam 

something big, lay low for about a month or two to make sure that you really 

got away with it.  This way if you do get busted your excuse will look 

better.  If you have to go to court the judge will give you a much lighter 

sentence since it’s a one time thing.  If you scammed 5 computers from 5 

different stores in less than 2 months your excuse won’t hold up at all and 

the judge will give you a much heavier sentence.  

-Don’t think  your Scam Master J cuz I am.  If your not careful you will be 

caught.  Never get over confident  and think that you will always get away 

with your scams. 





Examples of Scams


	Easter Candy 

	Get one of those easter candy order forms from  school or wherever 

you can get it from.  Go around to an old age community if you have one by 

you.  Tell them that you are selling candy for school and  that all the 

money is going to help save the school's sports because tax cuts have 

threatened to eliminate all of scholastic activities.  (Oh no not that what 

are all the dumb jox going to do?)  They we be more than gladly to help 

because you seem trustworthy.  Only accept cash because you'll get busted if 

you try to cash their checks.  If they get pissed about that tell them it is 

school policy to only accept cash because they got to many bad checks.  If 

they still won't give you cash, thank them for their time and remind them 

that because of them there we be no sports and therefore nothing to keep you 

out of trouble and that you will harass them constantly  for the next ten 

years.  



	Walk-A-Thons

	No old age homes?  Have no fear! Don't you hate when people ask you 

to contribute to them walk-a-thon things, well now you too will be annoying, 

but rich.   You can either get a form from a real walk-a-thon and use that 

or you can make your own.  I suggest getting real forms and then photo 

copying the hell out of them.  Now go around to every one you know and ask

them to pledge for you.  You can even get desperate and put a picture of a 

deformed kid on there and say it is your brother.   Some colleges say that 

you have to participate in order to get in so you can even throw a college 

name up top and say you need to get enough pledges in order to get accepted.



	Free Electronics


	Attention  customers free walkmans in isle 6! This scam works in 

most big department stores but it all depends on the layout of the store 

and the stores security.  The electronics department is usually pretty busy, 

but if it isn't come back when it is.  First go to a different department 

and get a bag, make sure it is a normal store bag.   Go over to electronics 

and pick up a walkman and carry it over to the register and ask for a 

refund.  They will ask for a receipt and of course you don't have it so

say you don't have one.   They will either say you can exchange it for 

the same one or they will day that there is nothing they can do and then

you say oh shit I guess I am stuck with this and I have to keep it.  Put 

it in the bag and walk out.   Presto new walkman.   


	Computer Upgrades

	You should have a friend help you with this one because if you get 

caught you can't talk you're way out of it.  Go to a computer or 

electronics store and buy something like a graphics card or anything really 

good and expensive.   Don't open it, just leave it in your car.  The next 

day wait on line with just a receipt.  Have your friend go over and get the 

exact same thing off the shelves and then he comes over to you and hands you 

it and you car keys to make it look like he got it out of your car.  Make 

sure you do this in front of an employee at the register.  Tell them you 

want you to return it and they will call you a dumbass and tell you to go

over to customer service down yonder.  Go over there tell them your computer 

blew up and you wanna return this and get your money back.   They give you 

your money back and you still have the the first one you bought in

your car. There ya go free computer upgrades.


	Fast food places

	Fast food places are just waiting to be scammed.  There are so many 

ways to scam them it’s amazing they stay in business.

	In a place that has free refills get a cup off a table and take it 

to the counter.  Ask them for another cup because yours is dirty.  They 

won’t hesitate to give you a new one. When you’re done with the cup keep 

it and bring it back next time you come.  You’ll never have to pay for 

another drink again.  

	

	Call them up and say they screwed up your order.  Be really bitchy 

about it.  They will offer you a free meal to replace what they screwed up.  

It helps if you say the employees were very rude to you.  You can also call 

them up and say they forgot something that you paid for, like fries or 

something.  


	In places that don’t have free refills get another cup off another 

table and fill it with a little soda if there’s none in there.  Fill the 

rest of the cup up with water.  Go to the register and say that the soda is 

really watered down.  They’ll give you a new soda.


	Don’t have enough money for a bacon cheeseburger?  Order a hamburger 

and two minutes later go back to the counter and say they forgot the bacon 

and cheese.  They give you a nice hot bacon cheese burger.  You’re not 

getting it for free but you’re savin a dollar.


	Gas Station Fun

(thanks to the ASSASIN for this part on gas stations)

	If you work at a gas station there are a lot of ways to make some 

extra money.  After you empty a few quarts of oil in someone’s car keep a 

few empty ones on the shelf and make them look like they’ve never been 

opened.  When some one asks you to put 3 or more quarts in their engine 

put in 2 full and pretend you’re putting in the empty one.  Make sure you

do this only when they ask for 3 or more because if someone’s oil light 

is on and it is still on after you put in a quart they will get suspicious.

	When someone gives their gas card don’t give it back.  Most of the 

time they will forget to ask for it.  The next time someone says ten regular 

put it on the gas card you stole and keep the ten dollars.  Do this until 

the gas card is maxed out.  


	Whole sale

	Another way to get stuff for cheap is to pretend that you are a real 

company.  Look in magazines for ads that say wholesale orders only or 

something like that.  If you don’t see these ads call up places and ask 

them if they have a wholesale order line. Call up and make up a fake 

company name. Tell them the last company you  ordered through really 

screwed you over and you just want to try out this company first and

 that you’re gonna order in small quantities for a while.  Tell them 

you will evaluate their service first and if they do good, you will order

a lot from them and that you will tell you’re friends about them too.  

Eventually they might keep calling you and asking you to order.  If that 

happens make up some crap like your business is closed, it moved, or 

you have already ordered from them under a different company name because 

you have more than one company.


	Movie theater

	Buy a movie ticket.  Go in and get it ripped and them head for the 

bathroom.  Stay there for a minute and then walk back out.  Go outside and 

give your friend the ticket stub.  Walk back in and go to the bathroom 

again. They won’t ask you for your ticket because they just saw you 2 

minutes ago.  Then your friend walks in and shows them his ticket.  He 

meets you in the bathroom and then you 2 go and enjoy the movie.  If 

they ask you for your ticket pretend like your looking for it and then 

after 2 minutes of frantically searching tell them you don’t have it.  

Bitch at them and then they will let you go.  It is important you go right 

to the bathroom first because sometimes they watch you and if your in 

the bathroom they will forget about you.


	If you want to do the scam by yourself buy a ticket and fold it in 

half.  Flash it past the guy collecting the tickets.  He will think that 

your ticket has already been ripped.  When the movie is over go back to the

window and ask for your money back.  Say you couldn’t see the movie.  You’ll 

have to fill out a form and you’ll have your cash back.


	Free Magazines

	Have your friend go into a convenience store and put a magazine into 

the middle of a newspaper.  Make sure you both have it work out before hand. 

Have him leave and then you walk in.  Pick up the newspaper with the 

magazine in it walk up to the register.  Don’t wait on line, just drop the 

money one the counter and say you just got a paper and walk out.  You just 

bought a magazine and a newspaper for 50 cents.


	Free Playstation games

	If you have a playstation you better stop paying for games.  Find a 

store with a good return policy, something like you can get your money back 

up to ten days of your purchase.  Buy the game and after 9 days save it on 

your memory card.  Bring it back to the store and get your money back.  The  

next day go back and buy it again.  Repeat the process until you beat the 

game.  


	Free stuff in the mail

	This one is easy.   Call up a place and order something or wait 

for a place to call you and ask you if you want them to send you something.  

This is one of the only times where you should use your credit card.  When 

it comes keep it but don’t open it yet just incase.  Now UPS has 

electronic shipping and when you sign it, they have your signature on

thier computer, so if they ask you to sign something just shut the door.

When it shows up on your credit card call them up and bitch at them.  Act 

really pissed.  Say you never ordered anything and you never got anything.

Make sure you didn’t sign for it when it came.  Tell them that some evil 

hackers are out to make your life a living hell and this is just another 

one of those times.  If worse comes to worse just send it back to them.  

It is the law that if anyone sends you something in the mail you didn’t 

order you have the right to keep it.  


	Free admission

	Find a place like a county fair, carnival or anyplace that stamps 
 
your hand so that they know you paid to get in.  Find out the color of the 

stamp and get a marker of the same color.  Try to draw the stamp on your 

hand the best you can.  Now wet your hand and smear it around really good.  

When you go back in show your stamp and act really suprised that it’s 

smeared.  Say you washed your hands.  They’ll let you in no problem.


	Collectin for baseball

	Break out your old baseball, football or whatever uniform and go 

stand in front of a convenience store with a cup.  If you don’t  have a 

uniform go to a consignment shop and buy one.  Open and hold the door for 

people as they leave.  On your cup or jar write something like save our 

sports.  Tell people that your raising money to keep sports in your school
 
because the budget cuts can’t support them.   You can do this at a lot of 

different stores.  This scam may sound like begging but you’d be amazed at 

how many people put 1 and 5 dollar bills in the jar.  Kids do this all

the time where I work and they make 1000's in a weekend.


	Insurance for your car


	This is a very risky scam and you should never so this.  This is 

here for you to learn as all these scams are.  Well if you have a pretty 

shitty car and you know it’s gonna die soon why not get some money for it.  

Make sure you have good insurance that covers collision.  You need a friend 

for this.  Drive down a highway in your car and have your friend drive next 

to you.  Wait till someone gets on your ass, you won’t have to wait long.  

Then give your friend a signal and have him drive in front of you and cut 

you off.  You then hit  your breaks and the car behind you rams your ass.  

Your friend drives away and you couldn’t catch the license plate.  The 

person that hit you has to pay for your car because it is all his fault.  

You then collect the insurance for your car because it is totaled.  


	These scams are here for you to learn to protect yourself from being 

scammed.  You should not try these anywhere.  In future issues we will have 

more scams.  
















950 numbers-Mr.Seuss
In conjunction with the Seuss Labs Crew



Introduction

	950 numbers (also known as Feature Group B), provide voice quality 

toll-free phone access to a variety of end users (typically IECs). FGB is 

either in the (old) format of 950-1xxx or the (current) format of 950-xxxx.  

It's the last 4 digits (called the carrier identification codes) that make 

950 numbers unique. CICs are assigned by Bellcore.

	The big reason why 950 numbers aren't a more popular option for toll 

free service is that specific number can't always be reached. The rigorous 

hardware requirements for 950 service also stifle their popularity.



Routing and hardware


	FGB trunking is a complex matter. Toll offices that allow FGB access 

have a bank of trunks running directly to the subscriber. As soon as you 

dial the prefix 950, you are first routed through the toll network over 

either common transport trunks, specific 950 trunks, or the most common 

option, FGD tandems, and then to the office serving that number. From there, 

you are then connected to that number's private trunk group. 


	The most common method for outgoing calls is to have the subscriber 

MF into an access tandem (assuming that MF trunks are in use), and then 

have the tandem office complete the call.

	There are a handful of hardware requirements for supporting FGB.  

The following is required at the customer's premise:


  A bank of trunks running from their hardware to the toll office 

  A time division multiplexer (TDM) to multiplex and demultiplex the trunk   
  group.

  Equipment to place outgoing calls (typically MFing hardware).

  An ANI controller to dechiper ANI impulses.



Features and options


	950s can be configured in a variety of ways. External features 

controlling call routing, and providing fraud protection are available 

to the end subscriber.


Answer/disconnect:

	950 service provides a supervision feature at the POP, so as soon 

as the connection at the customer's end is lost, the call is torn down.


Hunt groups:

	A FGB trunk can be terminated in a hunt group (like a WATS line), 

provided a leased line is run between the customer and the CO. The line 

being the only way to provide sufficient bandwidth to terminate multiple 

voice channels.


Extended outlets:

	Theoretically, a 950 number can terminate in an extended outlet 

like a WATS extender.


Special routing (like point of origin, time, etc.):


MF signaling:

	Yes, MF signaling is still used on certain FGB trunks. Don’t get any 

funny ideas about blueboxing off these numbers, in the usual fashion anyway. 

However, it *might* still be possible to bluebox here. If you were to tap 

into a trunk where it joins the subscriber's hardware, you could 

theoretically seize a trunk and MF calls just like you were the 

subscriber's equipment.  As you're backwards on the trunk, *forward* audio 

mute will not apply.


What’s out there?

	So what exists in this big, bad realm? Some pretty nifty stuff. 

Direct lines to many long distance companies, a few COs, credit card 

verification numbers, extended outlets, and most of all... nothing (but a 

switch recording telling you your call can’t be completed as dialed).















SLOUGH OF DESPAIR-Checkmate
A cyberpunk short story


	I lit my cigar as I looked out over the hazy, translucent clouds 

outside the reinforced window.  A sense of security these windows were 

believed to provide, with their bullet resistance.   Resistance, a strange 

word at best.  As I took another long, sweet puff, I could feel the filter 

in my throat whirring to life.  A fine Cuban, I thought as a rivulet of thin 

bluish smoke rose to the ceiling.

	As I looked upon the glare outside the office window, I saw the 

clean, dark calm of the night above.  Below, through the haze, I saw the 

riots.  The hands of millions banging at my door, clapping synchronously to 

a beat.  All these people, mislead by a leperous campaign, only now 

uncovering the truths that I thought had long been beaten dead.  All the 

reporters, the hackers and conspirators which dispersed the seed of fear 

into the people  I had thought long ago they were done away with.  Even the 

best cleaning teams aren't perfect, I guess.  

	I took another puff, savoring its flavor until the taste turned 

sour. What a damn shame it is, I thought.  What a damn shame.













Key components of the digital switch-Mohawk


	The typical digital switch has four essential components:  the 

central processor, the switch matrix, a range of peripherals, and 

input/output controllers.




Central Processor

	The central processor controls call processing activities for 

example, assigning time slots and administering features such as call 

forwarding as well directing system-control functions, system maintenance, 

and the loading and downloading of software. To ensure reliability, the 

central processor is generally duplicated on digital switches. Each call is 

processed simultaneously on both processors; if the "hot" processor should 

develop a problem, the system automatically shifts to the standby 

processor without the caller noticing any interruption of service.

	State-of-the-art larger digital switches are increasing processing 

power through additional specialized processors for functions such as 

frame-relay data, ISDN packet handling, service control point functionality, 

etc.. Digital switches for smaller, rural communities often adopt alternate 

service access strategies that can be more easily justified for these 

markets.




Switch matrix 

	The switch matrix also referred to as the network handles the actual 

connection of calls to their destinations. The latest switching modules, 

such as the DMS SuperNode Enhanced Network (ENET), can process up to 64,000 

channels in a single cabinet and switch wideband data as effortlessly as a 

voice conversation.




Peripherals 

	The typical digital switch has a range of peripheral modules to 

interface the range of lines and trunks coming in from the network. The 

peripherals convert incoming voice and data signals into the digital format 

used by the switch and perform some low-level call processing tasks. Typical 

peripherals include those that terminate lines, trunks, digital loop 

carriers, and maintenance trunks.




Input/Output Control 

	The input/output controller system provides access to the switch for 

maintenance, billing, routine operations and administration, and loading of 

software.
















Linemen Scams-phear.

	Well fuck, here we go.  Special thanks to whoever feels like 

publishing this.  After all without information we are all truly lost.  Ever 

been out beige boxing and thought to yourself, "self, this rules but there 

has to be more".. almost as if something was missing? Well ill tell ya,  its 

not an overwhelming urge to accept the lord as your savior. (so maybe I’m a 

little bitter) I was out just doing the usual beigeboxing the other night 

and I thought to myself. "Why should I be forced to this in the dark at 

night in fear of being caught?" And that’s when I realized I don’t have 

too, in fact neither do you.  

	What better scam then to pretend your a lineman.  Hopefully if your 

beigeboxing you know enough about phones to be a lineman if not you could 

wing it if you had too.  So here's what you do.  Go buy a white hardhat.  

Any white hardhat will do,  just as long as it fits right, I mean why be 

uncomfortable in the midst of phreaking?  Then rummage through your closet 

(I know, I know, I wouldn’t want to go in there either) until you find a 

longsleeve light blue shirt.  Grab a pair of jeans too.  All right now, put 

it all on and look in the mirror.

	Believe it or not you will look a whole hell of a lot like a 

lineman. Or at least enough for the general public to be fooled.  Now what 

your missing are tools.  No lineman's outfit is complete without tools.

	A utility belt isn’t a bad idea but not a necessity, I've never used 

one.  You need a red phone, baseless of course.  Preferably a lineman's 

handset, but those aren't always just readily available.  If you want one 

bad enough though just swipe one out of a Bell truck.  The important thing 

is that whatever phone you have, it's red.  Remember were fooling the 

general public here.  You also have got to have a 7/16" hex driver, 

preferably with a red handle but beggars can't be choosers.  Hell when you 

swipe the phone just swipe the hex driver too.  In fact, if you can, take 

the whole tool belt.


	You also need a small flashlight, poor lighting or something, you 

never know.  All right,  you've got the outfit, tools, and a need to phreak.

	Where to phreak at though?  I mean you don’t have a big white truck

with all sorts of compartments in it to make you totally legit.  So you have 

to maintain a low profile.  Always pick a spot and then park a block from it 

and walk there.  Starting off you should hit a few houses.  Places where 

nobody's home, at work or something.  Just walk up there and open up the 

phonebox,  act like you belong there.  I guarantee no one will even question 

you for a minute.  After you feel pretty confident move on to bigger and 

better phreaks.  Go hit a local business or two, but go inside and tell them 

that you were sent from their phone company, whatever it is and that you are 

doing a routine check on the lines because there's been some trouble a few 

lines down etc.. Then go find the box,  if you want,  ask them to show  you 

the phone setup in the building.  This is the best way to get confident 

about a scam like this.  Check it all out, pump them for information.  Then 

go back to the box and make a few free calls.  If your going to go this far 

though you should probably have a lineman's handset.  Looks a lot more 

professional. Then move on to large apartment complexes.  These are 

especially nice because the lines are always grouped together.  At least 

four in each box.

	So now you have your method down and you feel pretty confident. What 

can you really do with these new amazing lineman's powers?  Well you know 

that jerk your always pranking?  Now you can go to his house and fuck his 

shit up in broad daylight.  In fact go to the door and talk to him about his 

phone service for a minute or two.  Ask him if he's been having trouble with 

the lines,  so on so forth. Ask him if he minds if you come in for a minute 

and have a look at the phone lines in the house.  Walk around and pay 

attention.  You never know what you’ll see,  potential black mail info, or 

maybe a bill with his ss# on it. Then explain to him that due to maintenance 

purposes your going to have to disconnect his line for an hour or so.  Then 

go out to his phone box and do just that.  Then go back up to the house and 

tell him that you have an emergency and have to go, but you'll be back in 

just a few minutes.  Leave.  Gee, did I forget to hook your shit back up? 

Now the next time you call him you can tell him exactly what he looks like

and what his house looks like.  He would probably never suspect the lineman. 


        This would probably be the point where you're wondering if this is 

all just bullshit or not.  Well, I'll tell ya. Or not. I have done this and 

it works.  Just maintain a very cool composure.  Never act nervous or let 

the "victim" think you are unsure of yourself.  Never go out any later than 

4:00 or so, and don't stay in any one place for more than 20 minutes.  One 

more cardinal rule, if you see a real lineman, or a phonetruck, get the fuck 

out of there.  As much as I hate to think about it, impersonating a lineman 

is a crime, and so is phone fraud so don't hang around.  The linemen will 

know a fake when they see one.  

        That's it.  The lineman's scam can be pulled off by anyone, but 

don't ever forget that it is a scam, and should be done cautiously.  So 

if your just tired of the same old beigebox routine and need a change of 

pace, just say fuck it.  Go be a lineman, you'll thank yourself. 

                phear <PLA> <OCPP> <HBS>




Ocean County Phone Punx
Copyright 1997
