                     Ocean County Phone Punx Presents 
                                 OCPP07	
                              February 26, 1998
                      Last Updated  February 26, 1998
                                            
 

                               Contents 
                            Intro - Mohawk 
                       Phreak World News - Mohawk
                    Learning How To Phreak - Mohawk
                           Resource Bin - Mr. Seuss
                The AOL Problem Revisited - Editorial - Mohawk
                 Rural Output Devices - Neptunium Overkill
                            NXX Scanning - Mohawk
                       Reality - American Anarchist
                   Anarchy With Paging Systems - Mohawk
                         1-800 GUSWAG0 - Mr. Seuss    
                    Payphone Profiles Part 2 - Mohawk
                          Fighting Back - Mohawk                             
                              Busted - Mohawk
                               Letters
                                 News







Intro-Mohawk

		This is starting off to be a very interesting year for 

phreaking.  I'll talk more about that in the new section, "Phreak

World News".  About a week after Issue 6 was released, we had to 

move the webpage.  Not everyone knew about our new URL at

ocpp.home.ml.org, so a few people were left wondering where

the page was.  That should be our URL for a long time.  However,

your never sure what's going to happen, so you should get on the 

mailing list by mailing ocpp@hotmail.com.  

	The next issue which will be released on April 26th will

mark our 1 year anniversary.  It will be our biggest issue to date.

But before that issue comes out, there are a few things that need

to be cleared up.  First off, the OCPP is published on the 26th

of every other month.  The January issue was our first special 

issue.  Our next special issue will probably be in July.  

	Within the next two months, the site will be updated many 

times.  We hope to get more of the text file section back up.  We

will also redo the layout of some section on the site.  The 

alt.phreaking site will also be worked on extensively.  

	













.....The Staff of the OCPP.....


Mohawk.................Editor in chief

Mr. Seuss .............Technical editor/Head technical writer

Checkmate..............Staff writer

Phear..................Staff writer/Graphics

American Anarchist.....Staff writer

Punkroq................Editor

X-Logik................News editor

The Assassin...........The official hitman of the OCPP

V-Rok..................He just looks slick all day


















If you would like to become a distro site, mail: ocpp@hotmail.com


To be notified of any URL changes and issue releases, get on the 

mailing list:  ocpp@hotmail.com


Disclaimer and Copyright info is located at the end of the issue.















Phreak World News-Mohawk


	This is the first installment of Phreak World News.  PWN

will cover the news that is happening in the "scene".  We will mostly

be covering updates of websites and zines.  This is also where I'll put

updates of Matrix and any cons that might be going on.  If you would

like your new zine, new site, update, movie, con, or whatever, 

email:  ocpp@hotmail.com  



Headlines

Telephone Free Planet update

The Havoc Technical Journal and it's problems

PLA updates and AOLRIOT 98

The debut release of Security Breach





Telephone Free Planet update

	Telephone Free Planet has released what might be it's final 

issue.  Issue 6 was released on January 25th.  Keystroke had to finish 

editing this issue for unknown reasons.  The site says that TFP will end

in April. Issue 7 will come out in March or April.  My prediction 

looks to becoming true but I'm not at all happy about it.  You can 

visit the remains of TFP at:  http://tfp.nothing.org




The Havoc Technical Journal and it's problems


	It just keeps getting worse.  In the beginning of February, 

thtj.com went down.  It remained down till this day.  I thought that they

switched servers and I just didn't know about it.  I was proved very 

wrong on February 22nd when the long overdue Issue 19 was posted on

alt.phreaking

Here is the beginning of the post of that post:

--------------------
Hi.

THTJ 19 was almost ready for release on February 2nd; Scud sent me a
preview release, all that was left was for Scud to write the editorial
(a tribute to KungFuFox [cause he had died{sorta}]) and for me to edit
it. But then...

[20:51] *** Scud-O has quit IRC (Ping timeout for
Scud-O[mulder.clark.net])

He was never to be seen again.

Now, Scud has a habit of disappearing for a few days before and after a
new THTJ is scheduled for release, so I didn't worry much, until....

Session Start: Thu Feb 05 15:49:45 1998
<snip>
[15:51] <Jf_> dude...whats happened to www.thtj.com?!?!?!?
<Key-----> E-GAD&(&$#(*#@&$(*#@&()$&#@$&#(@*$&!@()$#@
<Key-----> !*($)#*@!
<Key-----> I DUNNO
<Key-----> BRB!#!#
<Key-----> strange

I thought things couldn't get any worse... until!!@#@!#@!


Session Start: Mon Feb 09 15:39:54 1998
<snip>
[22:30] *** alienphrk (b33r@204.164.105.242) has joined #phreak
[22:31] <alienphrk> oh fuck when is kff getting back?
[22:33] <alienphrk> this is so not cool
* KeyIdol Returned: Idle 225 mins
<KeyIdol> hi
<KeyIdol> he isnt!
[22:34] <alienphrk> KEY
[22:34] <alienphrk> dood
[22:34] <alienphrk> i need yer help
<KeyIdol> sure thing!
[22:34] <alienphrk> check yer msg

Session Start: Mon Feb 09 22:34:30 1998
[22:34] <alienphrk> uhmm..
[22:34] <alienphrk> i got a letter from a gov. offical
[22:34] <alienphrk> talking about lightspan2000 in one of the thtj
articles
<KeyIdol> tee
<KeyIdol> go on
[22:34] <alienphrk> hehe
[22:35] <alienphrk> they are going to sue me unless i take the thtj
issue of my page
<KeyIdol> maybe thats why www.thtj.com is down <-- clever, am i not?!
[22:36] <alienphrk> to stop distrobuting the issue
[22:36] <alienphrk> the guy came up to my house today
[22:36] <alienphrk> and handed it to my mom
[22:36] <alienphrk> im at private school so she called me about it
[22:37] <alienphrk> exactly
[22:37] <alienphrk> and then i take it off the page
[22:37] <alienphrk> they told me to delete it
[22:37] <alienphrk> off of my putah
<KeyIdol> IM THE ONLY ONE LEFT
<KeyIdol> FOX AND SCUD ARE GONE
<KeyIdol> ALIEN
<KeyIdol> IM NEXT TO GO
[22:43] <alienphrk> what issue was it in?
<KeyIdol> dunno
<KeyIdol> hehe!
[22:43] <alienphrk> damnit heh
[22:44] <alienphrk> found it
<KeyIdol> what one?
[22:45] <alienphrk> written by XiLiCoN
[22:45] <alienphrk> LiteSpan2000
<KeyIdol> errr
<KeyIdol> what issue :P
[22:48] <alienphrk> 16
Session Close: Mon Feb 09 23:22:56 1998

Scary, eh?!

The plot thickens later on, but I wun go into details. It seems that
some company is upset with Xilicon's article in THTJ 16; I doubt
any government agencies are involved.

So, since thtj.com is down and Scud doesn't come on IRC anymore
(even though I ping his static IP and nbtstat -a it and he is connected
to his ISP) I'll post THTJ19 here. THTJ 20 is due out in a week, but
since I don't have any articles for it yet, it probably won't be out
for a long time. You can still read TFP though, issue #7 should be
released sometime next month. http://tfp.nothing.org


-------------------------

	Until thtj.com gets back up, you can get all the issues of THTJ

at the OCPP at:  http://ocpp.home.ml.org  If you would like

to contact Keystroke to help him out with the THTJ and/or TFP

email him at:   Keystoke@thepentagon.com





PLA updates and AOLRIOT 98



	Finally some good news.  The PLA is still kicking ass after almost 

a year since they stopped releasing new issues.  Here is a mass mailing

that they sent out:


------------------

KPLA!
----
A few of us have made the final decision to go ahead and run with 
the idea of KPLA Internet Television so be expecting our 
mini-episodes to start appearing on phonelosers.org within the next 
six months. 

Basically KPLA will be the old 'zine in RealMedia format. You'll see 
instructional videos, practical jokes, cool music and a lot of really 
idiotic stuff. The nice guys over at http://www.freespeech.org have 
even offered us storage space for the streaming RealVideo files. 

Each episode will vary in length but probably average around 10 - 20 
minutes. We'll also offer the episodes on video tapes and/or .AVI 
zip disks/CD-ROMs for those of you who can't stand streaming 
RealVideo. If you have something you think would be worth 
contributing to the show, you can send videotape to PLA, 1013 
Kingswood Court, Celina, OH, 45822.

CGI Scripts:
-----------
I've started exploring the wonderful world of cgi scripting. If 
you'd like to download a few useful CGI scripts such as a web 
discussion board, a chat room or a logging utility, visit the 
FruitWare CGI page at 
http://www.phonelosers.org/FruitWare/scripts.htm . 

New to phonelosers.org:
----------------------
Here are a few of the newer features on phonelosers.org:

Screw the PLA! This page is a listing of 
people/organizations/whatever that have tried to end the PLA or 
tried to cash in on the PLA name. A recent experience with a company 
that sells hardcopy texts of PLA on the web motivated me to make 
this page. http://www.phonelosers.org/screw_us.htm

Private Investigator Links: If you're trying to get the goods on 
someone, this is the place to begin your search. A lot of web search 
forms are located here to locate people, businesses and just about 
everything else. Also, you'll find phone company homepages and links 
to real private investigators when you finally give up trying to 
find the guy yourself. http://www.phonelosers.org/pi.htm

Discussion Board: Fire up a discussion with other losers on our 
discussion board. This has a wide range of topics and usually you'll 
find plenty of morons just yelling back and forth at each other but 
it's kind of fun. http://www.phonelosers.org/FruitWare/

Other PLA Sites: As always, there's a slew of other PLA sites on the 
web, hopefully near your home town. The sole purpose of these sites 
are to help people find others who live around them and are into the 
same sort of computer & telephone shenanigans. Check out this list 
and see if there's a Loser in your hometown and if there isn't, 
create a page yourself! http://www.phonelosers.org/plasites.htm

New PLA GIFs Released!: In case you haven't noticed yet, there are 
now 12 PLA GIFs for your viewing pleasure. The latest one was 
released just a few months ago. Check them out on 
http://www.phonelosers.org/photos.htm
----------------------------------

	There is another AOL Riot being planned calling AOLRIOT98.  The

interesting thing is it is sort of a phreak riot.  For more details go to 

the PLA website at http://www.phonelosers.org   They aren't organizing it,

there just postin the info.




The debut release of Security Breach


	The first issue of Security Breach has been released.  You can get 

it at the OCPP at:  http://ocpp.home.ml.org  This zine looks to have

a lot of promise.  Issue 2 should be out soon.  The OCPP will be the 

official distribution site of Security Breach as they do not have

a website at the present time.  If you would like the OCPP to be a distro

site for your whether you have a website or not, email ocpp@hotmail.com

















Learning How To Phreak-Mohawk




	It has come to my attention that there are a number of people

that read this zine that don't even know a thing about phreaking.  That's

OK though and that's why we have a variety of articles, from newbie to

advanced.  However, none of our articles dealt with people that are

clueless.  Now I could sit here and talk about boxes and dumb crap like

every other beginner phreak text but the way I see it, you learn a lot 

better when you find stuff out yourself.  This article will teach you

how to search and learn.


Websites

	Websites are where you will get the bulk of your info and

they are the best place to start.  To find a website go to a search

engine and type in words like:  phreaking, hacking, redbox, wardial,

etc.  That will bring up a list of websites.  Click on each one until 

you find one with some phreaking stuff on it.  

	There aren't too many websites that have just phreaking stuff on

it so you will have to sift through a lot of hacking texts to get

to the phreaking ones.  Some of the stuff the search engine finds

will be a text file.  Download this but then go to the site it is on

to get more.  If the URL for the text file is:  

http://www.sss.com/jjj/redbox.txt, backtrack to sss.com/jjj/ and find

the page itself.  It will most likely be jjj/main.html or index.html

Once you find some texts, download everything.  You might want to 

download a few beginner hacking texts but that's up to you.  Now that 

you have downloaded everything you can, go to the links section on that 

page.  I suggest you bookmark this site so you can come back to it, 

especially if it has a lot of links.  Follow the links until you find 

another website with different phreaking texts.  Follow this process 

until you have a ton of texts.  Than read, read, read, and read some more.  

Once, you have an idea of what phreaking is about than you will be able 

to concentrate on what you want to learn about.  

	Because technology changes so often the methods of phreaking 

also change.  Many articles you will find were written during

the early 80's, or "the golden age of phreaking".  These are some of the

best phreaking texts you will find but they are very outdated.  There 

aren't too many texts that were written within the last few years.  But

that's where zines come in.  Phreaking zines provide some of the best

up to date info that you can ever hope to find.  Read every issue of

every zine you can find.  Most zines have letter sections where you can

write in and ask a question.  Some zines are to busy to answer you

personally.  I'm not gonna mention any names but there probably to busy

doing Hacker TV specials where they think there cool as shit cuz they

got 5 whole seconds of air time.  Some zines only release a few issues

and then close down.  That's why it's important to download all the issues

while you can.  In fact, that rule should be followed with all H/P

sites.  If you put off gettin some files from a site for a few days, it

might not be there tomorrow.


News Groups


	This is the place to go to once you know the basics of phreaking.

The best one to go to is alt.phreaking.  Other newsgroups are:

alt.2600, alt.2600.phreakz, alt.hack.nl, alt.hacker, alt.hacking,

alt.ph.uk, de.org.ccc.  

  Whether you just read posts and never respond or you become responsible

for half of the posts on there, newsgroups are a great way to learn and

keep in touch with what's goin on in the phreaking world.  When you first

get on to a NG you might want to watch for a while to see how

things work.  Each one is different and one stupid post can brand you

as a lamer.  I don't make these rules.  One thing to look for, is 

the FAQ if the NG has one.  Hopefully this will answer some of your

questions.  Once you get a feel for the NG and the people on it, you 

can post stuff like, I'm interested in learning more about XXX, anyone

got any suggestions?  



Bulletin Boards

	All the old timers, like myself, remember the good old days

of BBSing.  Remember FidoNet?  Now that almost everyone is on the internet

and underground BBS are pretty much a thing of the past.  However, their 

are some great BBS still out there.  These are a great (and free if their 

local) way to get files and meet people in your area.  How do you find BBS

in your area?  The best way to do it is ask on a newsgroup.  BBS

are pretty much self explanatory.  If you don't find any in your area,

you might want to call up a BBS that isn't in local.  You'll have to 

shell out some dollars (assuming your paying for it)  to call but

most all BBS have numbers to other BBS on them.  Write these numbers

down and call them up.  Repeat this process until you find one in your

area.  Like I said before, don't hold your breath.  

Meetings

	Check 2600 magazine to see if there are any meetings in your

area.  If there is, go to one.  If you go and say your new to phreaking,

you've been reading a lot, and you want to learn as much as possible,

they'll be glad to have you.  Everyone is always looking for phreaks

in their area.  As long as you don't go their and say you own your

own warez chatroom on AOL, you'll be fine.  If you find that their isn't

a meeting in your area, then post a message on a few news groups like:

Any meetings in the XXX area?? You should get a few responses.  If 

you don't get any, try again about once or twice a month.  If all else

fails move to New York City.  


	That should get you off on the right foot.  I went a little farther

than just how to learn about phreaking but I figured I'd help you guys

out a little.  















The Resource Bin-Mr. Seuss

	Ever been told to go look it up, but had no clue WHERE to look? 

This is a list of websites, newsgroups, and other places that has aided 

in my own research.


Websites


Bellcore Search: This should be really obvious. Info on very theoretical 
stuff, mostly switching. Bite your tongue if you come here because they let 
almost nothing by for free.
(http://www.bellcore.com/
BC.dynjava?PowerNavigationAndSearchPNASGeneralPowerNavigationAndSearch)

Telecom Archives: This page is an archive of the comp.dcom.telecom 
newsgroup. The FAQ is excellent, the articles are good and if all else 
fails you can post to the newsgroup. 
(http://hyperarchive.lcs.mit.edu/telecom-archives/)

Telecom Information Resources: This is simply a monstrous list of 
telecom/networking FAQs and sites. Don't bother unless you're looking into 
arcane topics and have a good working knowledge of the topic already; most 
people listed on this site never heard about PCMCIA.
(http://www.spp.umich.edu/telecom/technical-info.html)

PacBell Search: Surprisingly helpful, PacBell search will outline lots of 
InterLATA carrier information for you (including the law), COCOTs, and 
other sundry phone related info.
(http://www.pacbell.com/ir/search/index.html)

LexiCat Search Demo: This site is a REAL gem.  It offers a searchable 
index of terms (it cross references everything), as well as articles and 
reports on related topics. Warning: This is a demo for a product. After 
10 searches it resets itself and won't allow you back. Reload the page 
after every few searches or else.
(http://www.tra.com/cgi-bin/ft-LexiMot/ID=19970912152925603/lexi7800.html)

Blackbox Search: Try their search if you need info on LANs or direct 
connection. This is an online catalog, but you can still extract enough 
useful stuff to make going here worthwhile.
(http://www.blackbox.com)

Lucent: These people are pretty straightforward about what they offer. 
Lucent makes STUFF, unlike Bellcore which peddles information. Accordingly, 
Lucent will talk and talk and talk about their products.
(http://www.lucent.com/search/search.html)

Raytheon: These people unsettle me a bit. Raytheon is a blanket electronics 
firm that holds primarily DoD contracts. If you have a morbid interest in 
missile guidance you'll LOVE this site. They also hold contracts on 
encrypted voice switches used in the DSN.
(http://www.electrospace.com/business/telecomm.htm)

Lockheed Martin: Now controls NPA allocation (They bought it from Bellcore. 
Here ends an era.), and is happily distributing for free all sorts of 
useful information Bellcore used to sell for A LOT of money. This site 
lists all SACs, NPAs, and some stuff I didn't think was publicly available. 
(http://www.nanpa.com/)

555-1212: These people appear to be a low budget setup, but they offer an 
RBOC map (It only shows major providers. Local dialtone offices are not 
displayed), NPA lookup, telephone number lookup, etc.
(http://www.555-1212.com/)

Country/Area/City/Code/Decoder: Pretty self explanatory.
(http://www.xmission.com/~americom/aclookup.html)

International payphone index:
(http://www.cybercafe.org/cybercafe/pubtel/pubtel.html)

AT&T Toll Free Directory: I use the print edition for browsing in general, 
but this is a handy site to have around.
(http://att.net/dir800/)

Database America: This is the only Web based reverse directory in service. 
It's far from infailable, but it works often enough.
(http://www.databaseamerica.com/html/gpfind.htm)




Newsgroups


alt.dcom.telecom
alt.dcom.telecom.tech

These are the newsgroups where networking specialists hangout in their off 
hours to BS about work. Ask them questions, they will usually answer at 
length. I've received a handful of hostile responses, but only when I came 
right out and started asking about military phone systems (I got the answer 
anyway so I don't care).

comp.dcom.sys.nortel

A spinoff newsgroup for discussion of Nortel systems.




Printed Materials


Bellcore Catalog: Handy-dandy reference for acronyms and vague ideas. If 
you have the money to purchase the documents (they do take credit cards 
and personal checks) I would recommend requesting this catalog. It's free.

AT&T Catalog: I know it's there, it's usability is unknown. Better be good, 
$5 shipping.

Blackbox Catalog: Shiny and colorful, the Blackbox catalog looks neat if 
nothing else. Reading it will give you a decent idea of where the industry 
is at, and it will provide you with ANYTHING if you have the money (if it 
isn't listed they'll custom build it for you. Too bad iÕm  broke). Catalog 
is free.

DMS Books: If you ever take an interest in Nortel's DMS line they distribute 
catalogs of software modules that have excellent descriptions of what the 
switches can do.

AT&T Business Buyers Guide. Printed toll free directory, it's really 
useful for simple browsing. I have no idea why I own one or how it came 
to my door, but it did. Any library will have a copy.

Graybar Catalog




Phone Numbers


Ameritech RespOrg: The only 800/888 reverse directory known to us at the 
OCPP. This service will also usually give a trouble reporting number, the 
POTS number the 800/888 terminates at.
(800-337-4194)



Mail


Tasty Bits from the Technology Front: Bulky title, great service. This is 
an automailer that sends out telecom/computer related information on an 
irregular schedule. Subscribe, it'll keep you informed about general topics 
and you can be conversational if nothing else. 
(http://www.tbtf.com/#autosub)
















The AOL Problem Revisited - Editorial - Mohawk


	In Issue three, I wrote an editorial talking about the

discrimination of people who use AOL.  Now that it's six months

later, I've come to realize that this problem isn't gonna stop.

The fact is, there are a ton of ignorant people in the world

and a lot of them are on the Net.  No matter what we do, we

can't change the stereotype that has been stuck to AOLers.  Some

people just love to stir things up.  This can be seen a lot in

Newsgoups.  Somebody will post something that is going to cause

controversy and fighting.  I guess some people just get off

on that stuff.  Instead of replying "Not all AOLers are lamers"

and stuff like that, just ignore them.  If they have a webpage, don't

go there. If they have a zine don't buy it or read it.  This kinda

sucks because I always support zines even if I don't like them.  

However, I'd rather see no zine, than a zine full of hatred and

ignorance.  



	This was posted on alt.phreaking.  This post inspired me to write

this editorial.

>I realy like AOL, it gives the lamers something to do rather than hack
>BBS's and keeps them from fucking with other systems on the net.  
>Imagine what all the bored oh-day k0de kiddie AOL w0rri0rz would do if 
>they didn't have AOL to fuck with.  They'd get an ISP account, start 
>reading bugtraq, and actually start learning something.  Then we'd all 
>be fucked cause the hacking rate on the net would "shewt threw the rewf", 
>the phedz would be called in, CERT would actually serve some purpose, 
>people would get busted, people would go to jail.  Everyone should get 
>down and pray that AOL never goes away. 



	This is my reply to his post.  It turned into a speech.

	Is this really necessary?  I'm sure most of you on AOL wanna write 

this guy back and tell him what an asshole he is.  I've expressed my 

opinion on this matter a number of times in many different forums.  I 

realize that this problem of judging people by what ISP they have is 

never going to end.  Writing/posting back saying "not all aolers are 

lamers" and shit like that only makes things worse.  Think about who your 

dealing with.  Most, notice how I say most and not all, of these people 

are fat, ugly, 13 year old kids who have no friends outside of cyberspace.

They get judged everyday in school by their looks and get their asses 

kicked day in and day out.  They are very ignorant and they are really

pissed off.  So what do they do?  They sit home all day, memorizing the in

and outs of UNIX, watch wargames 10 times in a row, sit on IRC for 14 

hours strait and they get qualified as a hacker.  Then they degrade people 

for not being as smart as them and for having a certain ISP.  The best 

thing to do in this situation, is just ignore them and be glad your not as

ignorant as them.  Judging people before you get to them is wrong no 

matter what the case is.  It's a cyber version of racism in my opinion and 

that really sucks.  If your one of these ignorant people, think for a 

second.  "I'm judging people because they look a certain way or they have 

a certain ISP". How stupid is that??  Where will that get you.   I've 

never heard of a girl not going out with someone because the guy had a 

certain ISP.  I never heard of someone gettin turned down because they had

a certain ISP.  Grow up already. You wanna talk about lamers.  Sure their 

are a ton of misinformed kids out there that ask stupid questions.  Just 

ignore them.  But who's more lame, some kid asking a dumb question or some 

kid being ignorant?




	I got so many emails telling me how much they liked the post, 

I figured I'd put it in this issue.  The following is just one of those 

emails.



From: MD	

I LOVED THAT SPEECH MAN....... MADE ME CRY INSIDE
      I AGREE WITH YOU 100%



















Rural Output Devices-Neptunium Overkill

INTRO:  
	This article is about, you guessed it: Output Devices in 

the country.  A fellow phreak and I camped out in the country and 

checked out the output devices there.  They have the tall greenish 

ones, and of course are not locked........our phone company is 

Ameritech: no, I don't live in NJ, so yours may differ but will 

probably follow the same idea.  Well, let's have some phun, shall we?


MATERIALS: 
 7/16 Hex Driver
Beige Box (See OCPP05 for more info)
Flashlight
<Editor’s note: locking pliers are a big help too>                      



PROCEDURE: 
	OK, unbolt it and remove the covers.  There should 

be 20 terminals total, 10 rows, two terminals in each row.  There 

should be a blue wire hooked up to the left terminal in the 6th row 

and a blue and white wire connected to the right terminal in the 6th 

row  <editors note: cross connect wires vary in color>.  Clip the red 

clip to the same terminal that the blue and white wire is connected to.  

Connect the green clip to the same one that the blue wire is hooked up to.  

If you have a dial tone,  good work.  If you don't have a tone, then your 

beige box is probably made wrong.  Here's a quick diagram:

             -----------------
            |  o            o |
            |  o            o |
            |  o            o | 
            |  o            o | 
Clip the    |  o            o |     Clip the
tip here------>o            o<------ring here
            |  o            o |
            |  o            o |
            |  o            o | 
            |  o            o | 
            -----------------

o = terminals


TIPS & TRICKS:  
	If you didn't get a dial tone there may be a few 

problems besides the beige box,  so try clipping onto the actual wires

and you might get a dial tone that way.  Warning while

participating in this expedition you may get a few small shocks, but

don't worry because it's only 6v.  Also make sure you are using the 

6th terminal, we didn't have much luck with the other terminals.  

<Editor’s note: Any terminals can be active. That he found only the 
sixth pair to be good is likely coincidence.>


Well, good luck.




<editor's note:  In New Jersey, these are found in neighborhoods that 
don't have telephonepoles.  Almost all of the neighborhoods that were 
built at the same time or developments as they're called, have these. 
These pedestal terminals (their proper name) take the place of most 
medium sized wiring cabinets. All cabling is run underground.> 
 



  
 

                                                                                                                                                                        








NXX Scanning-Mohawk


	Most of us are familiar with exchange scanning.  We scan for 

VMBs, terminals, test numbers, and so on.  However, most of us are

not familiar with scanning for exchanges themselves or, NXX scanning.

I don't know if anyone else has ever wrote about this subject before,

and if it has another name, but that's what I'm gonna call it.

	My theory is this:  In some areas, there are certain 

exchanges that are reserved for special needs.  These NXX's are kept

secret by not being published in any phonebook and they do not

serve the general public.  The main use for these is most likely 

government related.  Washington D.C. probably has the most of

the secret NXXs.  From what I hear, when you call most government 

buildings, you always get an operator.  I can't see this happening.  

I'm sure there are a lot of operator assisted numbers but not all.  

There has to be a few direct.  I have yet to prove any of these claims, 

so I am leaving it at a theory.

	Besides secret exchanges, you can also find a few test exchanges

and your local ANAC  (3 digit number you call to hear what number

your calling from).  I'm sure there is more out there that that but,

I have 5 mins of free time in each month so I have yet to look into 

this deeper.  

	How do you go about doing this?  Open up any wordprocessor 

program and type the numbers 00-99.  Do it neatly and in a row so you 

can fit 2 of these tables on a page.  Print out at least 8 of these 

tables. There are no NXX's that begin with 0 or 1 so label the first 

table 2, then the second table 3, and so on.
	
	Now that you have your nice little tables printed out, open

up your trusty phonebook.  Start with 2XX and go through the first 

NPA.  Cross out each NXX that appears in the phonebook.  Before you

start you should cross out all the N11 service numbers, 211, 311,

etc.  Also cross out, 500, 700, 800, 900, and 950. You should try

the service codes in your area because many places don't use them

for their intended purposes.  For example, 211 is a popular test

exchange.  Also, NXX's that are the same as the NPA's in that state 

are not aren't used so that you don't get confused when calling 

213-213-XXXX.  After that, about half of your numbers will be crossed 

out.  Now move  on to the next NPA and repeat the process.  To really 

cut down on time, use big NPA's and/or NPA's that are right next to 

each other. Once you have about 10-15 NXX's write them down on a 

seprate sheet of paper.  
	
	Repeat this process for all the NXX's.  This sounds like

a real bitch but I did it in about 20 minutes.  Now you have a list 

of numbers.  One of these should be your local ANAC (or the number

you call to hear what number your calling from) unless you live

an in area where ANAC's aren't reached as a plant test.  These

places use NXX-XXXX numbers for ANAC.  The rest of these

are either test exchanges, exchanges that are not being used,

and hopefully, secret exchanges.  

	This is where the scanning part of it comes in.  Take your

list of numbers and dial them up.  Try them with different NPA's

and different XXXX's.  Don't worry about calling long distance.

If any of these numbers work, it'll be worth it.  















Reality - American Anarchist


     The hacking and phreaking community. The active ones that belong to 

this community seem to have their own set of guidelines, rules, boundaries, 

and expectations. We have our beliefs and thoughts on the actions of the 

Feds (Federal Government) and Secret Service. We complete actions that many 

citizens find disturbing. We have the information in our possession that 

controls the outcome of tomorrow. 

     There is also the jail sentences that plague the nation. The anger 

that arises in the minds of the public. The terror that continues forth 

when a mishap has taken place. Welcome to reality.



                              The Beginning

     When the newcomers arrive and enter the hacking and phreaking 

community, they feel this warm "tingly" feeling inside of them. They are 

like a seven-year-old on Christmas morning. They jump at firsthand that 

they will learn a lot more than they are supposed to and that they will 

later use this mass amount of information to impress their friends.

     All neophytes have their way of receiving this information. Some may 

go straight to the search engines [which are always a plus for the 

beginner], or they ask around. They have so many questions that are 

unanswered and they will continuously ask until their benefits and 

answers are met. It seems that the information that is freely available 

(in some places), is a fantastic treat to the neophyte. The savor the 

"treat" and use it to their own benefit. Although, sometimes the beginner 

may seem that they know enough, this is absolutely not so. You can never 

learn enough.

     As time progresses, the neophyte has already had a wealth of 

information flowed into his brain. He has most likely subscribed to 

countless mailing lists and newsgroups. It is a normal routine for the

neophyte. When they awaken from their sleep, they check their mailbox 

(which most likely is congested with posts from his mailing lists and they 

check the newsgroups for the latest "hacker information". It seems that the 

newcomers do not yet understand what hacking and phreaking is all truly 

about, and what the hackers and phreakers of this world go through each and 

every day.

    It is common to where the "elite" stare down at the newcomers and 

ridicule them that they will never become as "cool" and "k-rad" as them. It 

is all around us, and disgusts a lot of us, but we have learned to tolerate 

a portion of it. The ones who consider themselves "elite" find it humorous 

to make the newcomers afraid and angry. They chortle and try to create the 

fact that the newcomers are useless and pathetic. But, weren't the "elite" 

newcomers once to get where they are today?



                              The Conflict

     As the Feds and Secret Service breathe down the necks of hackers and 

phreakers twenty-four hours a day, we began to ponder why they are so 

against us. The first point we consider is their incompetence. They do not 

yet [and probably will never] understand why we are the way we are. As 

every hacker and phreaker uses in their defense (which is actually true), 

is that we just want the information the Internet and computers bring us. 

When we hear about a particular, interesting bit of information about the 

Internet or computers, we jump at the first moment to get as much detail 

about it.

     The Feds and Secret Service do not take that into consideration. They 

do not seem to hear us when we try to make our point. They consider 

everything we have to say in our defense "pointless". They do not 

understand that the only way to find more information that is not freely 

available is to "hack" into systems and experiment with the telephones, 

phone lines, and telecommunications. Although, the Feds and Secret Service 

still seem to see us as "terrorists" and "highly dangerous".

     The public also sees eye-to-eye with the Feds and Secret Service. 

The parents of the hacker and phreaker teenagers do not listen to the 

complaints and defense that the sons and daughters try to tell to them. 

The parents seem to think that the teenage hackers and phreakers are not 

serious and that they are only "a kid". This enrages the teenagers. Many 

perform specific acts to try and prove to their parents and the public that 

they are just more than "a kid".

     Even though the parents do not see it, the children of this world are 

the most powerful [and most likely most intelligent] people on Earth. Many 

teenagers are teaching their parents about the Internet and computers and 

the parents and public still seem to think that they are just "a kid"!

     But, there are parents and adults that respect how a child and 

teenager lives and acts. They take their intelligence into consideration 

and support them anyway they can. This can bring a smile to a concerned 

hacker and phreaker.



                               The History

     Hackers and phreakers have came a long way. From MIT, the development

of UNIX, to the Kevin Mitnick saga. We all come from different countries, 

religions, and backgrounds. We think and act in different ways and share 

information with strangers. The technology we have today started with 

computers, and that was where the first "exploring" and hackers and 

phreakers appeared.

     "Hackers and phreakers run the planet", as some would say. "We 

control how the Internet works. We control what happens in tomorrow's New 

York Post. We control the lives of others." This may be true in some areas, 

but mostly they assume that since there are thousands of hackers and 

phreakers out there, that we can take over the planet. This also may be 

true, but it probably will not happen in the next few decades.

     Many of us have been thrown in a jail cell for a number of months [or 

years], and most of the accusations from the police and so called "crimes" 

that we commit are based on harmless acts.

     Let's take a look at Ed Cummings a.k.a. Bernie S. He was thrown in 

jail for having possession of modified tone dialer that was [and can] be 

legally purchased at a Radio Shack store and programming equipment. This 

got some of the public and fellow hackers and phreakers enraged. While in 

jail, he was brutally beaten by an inmate and was not put in maximum 

protection. As the story continued, he had to go through much pain, 

aggravation, that caused the ones who looked up to him to become even more 

incredibly furious. Later, a giant amount of cheers and gratitude arose 

when the notice of Bernies release spread. That relieved a lot of tension 

and anger in the Internet dimensions.

     As the Feds and Secret Service continue to prosecute harmless and 

innocent hackers and phreakers for an unlimited number of reasons. This 

yet again infuriates the hackers and phreakers who read and hear about it. 

The government sees no disturbance in this. Since we are just "pathetic 

little losers", we have no control of what events could follow because of 

the government's foolish acts and prosecutions.

     Hackers and phreakers have a long history and would take a 

country-size library to record it all. We all have our own beliefs, ideas, 

emotions, and thoughts. Maybe even one day, one of us could become 

president.



                                The Codes

     There are hundreds of codes in the hacker and phreaker community, and 

most of them are made up by a few people that the hackers and phreakers in 

the world live by, but the more official ones are listed here:

     Respect. This is a code that must always be taken into consideration.
     Hackers and phreakers come from many nationalities, religions, races,
     and backgrounds, and we each have our way of acting. Whether or not
     someone likes another or if one despises what another knows or has,
     respect should be first. We cannot quarrel each day for hours on that
     one person "doesn't use Linux so they are not k-rad", or that "he
     doesn't know how to hack DSS, so he must be a dumbass". Respect
     should always be in our mind and we should take the word into great
     thought and consideration.
     
     Trust. As some would say, "Don't trust everyone or everything you
     hear." This is mostly true. There will be ones who will worm their
     way out of something and lie to you either to gain your respect or
     your belief that what they say is true. But in some cases, trust can
     bring problems. If you are arguing with yourself on something that is
     yet to be decided if it is true or not, you will get aggravated and
     angry and get yourself into a tough spot. If you ask someone of their
     abilities and skills and do not trust them [even the are telling the
     truth], then you will gain the assumption that you cannot trust
     anyone. Trust is yet a very important factor in the hacking and
     phreaking community and should be taken close look at and understood
     thoroughly.

     Fear. This is very common in the hacking and phreaking community.
     Most of the fear arises in chat rooms. A group of combatants verse
     each other into "hacker wars" and continue the "war" until there is
     finally a winner. The "war" is usually between a group of cocky high-
     schoolers. The many of them usually show of their "hacking ability"
     by threatening the "opponent" and this is where trust usually comes
     in. The combatants base their trust on if the other is telling the
     truth about what he can do or what he will do to. Ones who have
     fairly not enough knowledge onto whether the other can really do what
     he is bragging that he can do, fear comes into the game. The neophyte
     would develop this sense of fear inside him thinking, "Oh damn! I
     don't want that to happen! I might lose my Internet account! Oh
     man!..." But the neophyte tries to avoid showing fear to make the
     other more dangerous and making the neophyte more vulnerable.

     Lamers. It seems that everyone of us belongs to a certain position.
     It seems that the "elite" continue to look down on the neophyte and
     think, "Oh god, another hacker wannabe wanting to be elite. Like that
     will ever happen! What a lamer!" It seems that if the neophyte does
     not know a certain amount or know something specific about something,
     then they would be considered a "hacker wannabe lamer". Many try to
     talk the "elite" into ceasing the ridiculous ways, but it is
     unavoidable. Everyone has their own beliefs and thoughts toward
     others, and since there are an incredible number of them, it stands
     to be unavoidable. The neophyte can take this rather serious and
     the neophyte might happen to panic from their own anger, that they
     might get reckless and start searching for ways to "destroy" the
     person who called them a lamer. But then, shouldn't we all think
     back? How did the "elite" get "elite" in the first place? Weren't we
     all neophytes once before?



                              The Forthcoming

     	The hacking and phreaking community will never fall. The community 

itself and the ones who belong to the long-time community will never 

disappear. The hacking and phreaking spirit will remain in those who are 

active in hacking and phreaking and the ones that have retired. We will 

always remember the trial and error some have gone through and the 

discoveries we have unearthed long ago. The old school ways will never die, 

as well as the new paths and treasures. Hacking and phreaking has

circulated all over the world since it began. There are those who use it

toward their knowledge and desire and those who use it toward their own 

mischievous ways. Either way, hacking and phreaking has it's own 

attitudes, beliefs, ideas, reflections, and point of views. Hacking and 

phreaking still have many hidden secrets that are left to find and we will 

just have to explore and wait for the new face of hacking and phreaking. 

















Anarchy With Paging Systems-Mohawk


	Phreaks would love to grab hold of a paging system and

do whatever they please with it.  Years ago you could say

"transfer me to extension XXX and then you'd be heard throughout

the store screaming weird crap and obscenities,  Nowadays, people

have become smarter and paging systems have become more sophisticated.

This article will teach you create anarchy with a paging system using

a very simple method that requires no phreaking knowledge whatsoever.

This method uses social engineering (SE) and is a great way to hone your

SE skills.  At first this might seem like it is rather lame but,

if you read it all the way through, you will be amazed at what you

can accomplished with very little effort.

	First of all, find one of those big home improvement stores.

The best stores to get are the ones with phones in every isle and

that are very busy.  Once you get that done, look in the phonebook

and get the number to the store.  Now, call the place up.  Ask to

be transferred to a certain department, it doesn't matter which one.

Then ask them to transfer you to another department.  Then tell this

department that you Joe Cool from department X.  Make up a story that

your a new employee and the phone is busted.  Ask how the paging system 

works (specifically, what to dial to page people).  They'll give you

some kind of code to access the system.  This can be anything from

a 1 digit code to a 5 digit code, maybe even more.  Ask some more

questions about how the phones in general work, extensions, accessing

outside lines, etc.  Write down everything.  BS with the guy a little 

just to look legit.  These places employ so many people that it is

near impossible for anyone to know everyone.  Ask him to transfer

you to the front desk, operator, or whoever controls the phone.  

Sometimes the customer service desk controls the phones.  

	Tell this person the same story.  Ask them how to work the phones,

access an outside line and from what phones you can access them.  

Basically, have the same conversation but go into more detail.  After

you got all the information you need, ask them to page someone for you

just to seem legit.

	Now you have to go to the store.  Don't bring your notes because

if you get caught, they will provide nice evidence to the cops.  Try

to wear an outfit similar to that of an employee's uniform.  That way 

you won't stand out when your on a phone.  Find a phone in an isle that's

not to visible and is not busy.  Dial the extension to get on the paging 

system.  

	Depending on how sick you are will depend on what you do.  For

a simple joke, page weird people to certain places.  Keep in current and

someone who everyone knows.  If I was doing this today I would say 

"will Monica Lewinsky please come to the oval office".  This will make

everyone in the place laugh and you probably won't get in trouble at

all.  That can be rather lame and is hardly worth all the trouble.  If

you wanna cause a mild riot and you're pretty daring, you can say 

"Attention all customers, for the next 10 minutes everything in the

paint department is free"  or something to that effect.  Can you

imagine the employee's reaction when they have a 100 or so people

demanding free stuff?  Make sure you leave the place and don't come

back.  Try not to look suspicious.  

	However, there are those people that are really, really twisted.

I advise none of you to actually do this.  I could care less if you

kill someone but I don't feel like being in court so don't do it.  Make

sure you have a getaway car handy for this one.  Get on the paging

system and say  "Attention all customers there is a bomb in the building,

do not panic.  We are experiencing problems with our fire alarm system

so we are asking you to slowly and calmly exit the building."  This will

cause a huge panic and a stampede that looks like the running of the bulls.

You'll probably kill someone cuz old people have heart attacks in 

situations like this.  This is also a great way to rob the place or the 

people there.  If you get caught you'll be in a lot of trouble.  Either 

way you'll probably make the news and you'll be ruining hundreds if not 

thousands of people's day at the same time.  And that's what it's all 

about isn't it?  Ruing someone's day.  Some of the more technical advanced 

might have found this article kind of basic and lame, but think about all 

the damage one person can do with such little effort.  That's the main 

point of this article.  
















1-800 GUSWAG0-Mr. Seuss


	MCI’s 1-800 GUSWAG0 is one of the most popular ANACs on the 

circuit. However, most users fail to question the extra information read 

back to them. This ANAC is the only one known to the OCPP that reads back 

ANI II information.

	The information read back is mostly used for internal auditing 

and can be ignored. The ARU ID identifies the audio response unit, the 

hardware that synthesizes speech. The line number identifies the hunt 

group trunk the call was routing on. The purpose of the call interactive 

number is unknown. The important information follows the prompt: "the 

ANI number is".  The first two digits are the ANI II digits, which 

identify the class of service of the calling party.


						ANI II Digits

    00
                 Plain Old Telephone Service (POTS) - non-coin service
                 requiring no special treatment
    01
                 Multiparty line (more than 2) - ANI cannot be provided
                 on 4 or 8 party lines. The presence of this "01" code
                 will cause an Operator Number Identification (ONI)
                 function to be performed at the distant location. The
                 ONI feature routes the call to a CAMA operator or to an
                 Operator Services System (OSS) for determination of
                 the calling number.
    02
                 ANI Failure - the originating switching system
                 indicates (by the "02" code), to the receiving office that
                 the calling station has not been identified. If the
                 receiving switching system routes the call to a CAMA
                 or Operator Services System, the calling number may
                 be verbally obtained and manually recorded. If manual
                 operator identification is not available, the receiving
                 switching system (e.g., an interLATA carrier without
                 operator capabilities) may reject the call.
    06
                 Station Level Rating - The "06" digit pair is used when
                 the customer has subscribed to a class of service in
                 order to be provided with real time billing information.
                 For example, hotel/motels, served by PBXs, receive
                 detailed billing information, including the calling
                 party’s room number. When the originating switching
                 system does not receive the detailed billing
                 information, e.g., room number, this "06" code allows
                 the call to be routed to an operator or operator services
                 system to obtain complete billing information. The
                 rating and/or billing information is then provided to the
                 service subscriber. This code is used only when the
                 directory number (DN) is not accompanied by an
                 automatic room/account identification.
    07
                 Special Operator Handling Required - calls generated
                 from stations that require further operator or Operator
                 Services System screening are accompanied by the
                 "07" code. The code is used to route the call to an
                 operator or Operator Services System for further
                 screening and to determine if the station has a
                 denied-originating class of service or special
                 routing/billing procedures. If the call is unauthorized,
                 the calling party will be routed to a standard intercept
                 message.
    20
                 Automatic Identified Outward Dialing (AIOD) - without
                 AIOD, the billing number for a PBX is the same as the
                 PBX Directory Number (DN). With the AIOD feature,
                 the originating line number within the PBX is provided
                 for charging purposes. If the AIOD number is available
                 when ANI is transmitted, code "00" is sent. If not, the
                 PBX DN is sent with ANI code "20". In either case,
                 the AIOD number is included in the AMA record.
    23
                 Coin or Non-Coin - on calls using database access,
                 e.g., 800, ANI II 23 is used to indicate that the
                 coin/non-coin status of the originating line cannot be
                 positively distinguished for ANI purposes by the SSP.
                 The ANI II pair 23 is substituted for the II pairs which
                 would otherwise indicate that the non-coin status is
                 known, i.e., 00, or when there is ANI failure. ANI II
                 23 may be substituted for a valid 2-digit ANI pair on
                 0-800 calls. In all other cases, ANI II 23 should not be
                 substituted for a valid 2-digit ANI II pair which is
                 forwarded to an SSP from an EAEO. Some of the
                 situations in which the ANI II 23 may be sent: 

                        * Calls from non-conforming end offices
                           (CAMA or LAMA types) with combined
                           coin/non-coin trunk groups.  
                        *  0-800 Calls 
                        *  Type 1 Cellular Calls  
                        *  Calls from PBX
                        *  Trunks  
                        *  Calls from Centrex Tie Lines

    24
                 800 Service Call - when an 800 Service database
                 location converts an 800 number to a POTS number, it
                 replaces the received ANI code with this "24" code
                 before returning the POTS number to locations
                 requesting ANI. If the received 800 number is not
                 converted to a POTS number, the database returns the
                 received ANI code along with the received 800
                 number. Thus, this "24" code indicates that this is an
                 800 Service call since that fact can no longer be
                 recognized simply by examining the called address.
    27
                 Code 27 identifies a line connected to a pay station
                 which uses network provided coin control signaling. II
                 27 is used to identify this type of pay station line
                 irrespective of whether the pay station is provided by a
                 LEC or a non-LEC. II 27 is transmitted from the
                 originating end office on all calls made from these
                 lines.
    29
                 Prison/Inmate Service - the ANI II digit pair 29 is used
                 to designate lines within a confinement/detention
                 facility that are intended for inmate/detainee use and
                 require outward call screening and restriction (e.g., 0+
                 collect only service). A confinement/detention facility
                 may be defined as including, but not limited to,
                 Federal, State and/or Local prisons, juvenile facilities,
                 immigration and naturalization confinement/detention
                 facilities, etc., which are under the administration of
                 Federal, State, City, County, or other Governmental
                 agencies. Prison/Inmate Service lines will be identified
                 by the customer requesting such call screening and
                 restriction. In those cases where private paystations are
                 located in confinement/detention facilities, and the same
                 call restrictions applicable to Prison/Inmate Service
                 required, the ANI II digit for Prison/Inmate Service
                 will apply if the line is identified for Prison/Inmate
                 Service by the customer.
    30-32
                 Intercept - where the capability is provide to route
                 intercept calls (either directly or after an announcement
                 recycle) to an access tandem with an associated Telco
                 Operator Services System, the following ANI codes
                 should be used:

                        30 Intercept (blank) - for calls to unassigned
                        directory number (DN)

                        31 Intercept (trouble) - for calls to directory
                        numbers (DN) that have been manually placed
                        in trouble-busy state by Telco personnel

                        32 Intercept (regular) - for calls to recently
                        changed or disconnected numbers 
    34
                 Telco Operator Handled Call - after the Telco Operator
                 Services System has handled a call for an IC, it may
                 change the standard ANI digits to "34", before
                 outpulsing the sequence to the IC, when the Telco
                 performs all call handling functions, e.g., billing. The
                 code tells the IC that the BOC has performed billing on
                 the call and the IC only has to complete the call.
    52
                 Outward Wide Area Telecommunications Service
                 (OUTWATS) - this service allows customers to make
                 calls to a certain zone(s) or band(s) on a direct dialed
                 basis for a flat monthly charge or for a charge based on
                 accumulated usage. OUTWATS lines can dial
                 station-to-station calls directly to points within the
                 selected band(s) or zone(s). The LEC performs a
                 screening function to determine the correct charging
                 and routing for OUTWATS calls based on the
                 customer’s class of service and the service area of the
                 call party. When these calls are routed to the
                 interexchange carrier via a combined WATS-POTS
                 trunk group, it is necessary to identify the WATS calls
                 with the ANI code "52".
    60
                 TRS - ANI II digit pair 60 indicates that the associated
                 call is a TRS call delivered to a transport carrier from a
                 TRS Provider and that the call originated from an
                 unrestricted line (i.e., a line for which there are no
                 billing restrictions). Accordingly, if no request for
                 alternate billing is made, the call will be billed to the
                 calling line.
    61
                 Cellular/Wireless PCS (Type 1) - The "61" digit pair is
                 to be forwarded to the interexchange carrier by the local
                 exchange carrier for traffic originating from a
                 cellular/wireless PCS carrier over type 1 trunks. (Note:
                 ANI information accompanying digit pair "61"
                 identifies only the originating cellular/wireless PCS
                 system, not the mobile directory placing the call.
    62
                 Cellular/Wireless PCS (Type 2) - The "62" digit pair is
                 to be forwarded to the interexchange carrier by the
                 cellular/wireless PCS carrier when routing traffic over
                 type 2 trunks through the local exchange carrier access
                 tandem for delivery to the interexchange carrier. (Note:
                 ANI information accompanying digit pair "62"
                 identifies the mobile directory number placing the call
                 but does not necessarily identify the true call point of
                 origin.)
    63
                 Cellular/Wireless PCS (Roaming) - The "63" digit pair
                 is to be forwarded to the interexchange carrier by the
                 cellular/wireless PCS subscriber "roaming" in another
                 cellular/wireless PCS network, over type 2 trunks
                 through the local exchange carrier access tandem for
                 delivery to the interexchange carrier. (Note: Use of
                 "63" signifies that the "called number" is used only for
                 network routing and should not be disclosed to the
                 cellular/wireless PCS subscriber. Also, ANI
                 information accompanying digit pair "63" identifies the
                 mobile directory number forwarding the call but does
                 not necessarily identify the true forwarded-call point of
                 origin.)
    66
                 TRS - ANI II digit pair 66 indicates that the associated
                 call is a TRS call delivered to a transport carrier from a
                 TRS Provider, and that the call originates from a
                 hotel/motel. The transport carrier can use this
                 indication, along with other information (e.g., whether
                 the call was dialed 1+ or 0+) to determine the
                 appropriate billing arrangement (i.e., bill to room or
                 alternate bill).
    67
                 TRS - ANI II digit pair 67 indicates that the associated
                 call is a TRS call delivered to a transport carrier from a
                 TRS Provider and that the call originated from a
                 restricted line. Accordingly, sent paid calls should not
                 be allowed and additional screening, if available,
                 should be performed to determine the specific
                 restrictions and type of alternate billing permitted.
    70
                 Code 70 identifies a line connected to a pay station
                 (including both coin and coinless stations) which does
                 not use network provided coin control signaling. II 70
                 is used to identify this type pay station line 
                 irrespective of whether the pay station is provided by 
                 a LEC or a non-LEC. II 70 is transmitted from the                                   originating end office on all calls made from these lines.
    93
                 Access for private virtual network types of service: the
                 ANI code "93" indicates, to the IC, that the originating
                 call is a private virtual network type of service call.
















Payphone Profiles Part 2-Mohawk


Intellicall

Astratel 2


	This phone is your normal Bell style payphone.  Nothing to fancy 

about the design.  They seem to be rather behind in the payphone business.

Some of the stuff they offer is pretty old.  The software that comes with

it gives you an example of how behind these people are.  They have 

pictures of their software on floppy disks.  I haven't seen a floppy

disk since high school.  The computer in the picture is old as dirt

and the software looks like the automated card catalog that libraries

use.  The only interesting thing this phone has is the way it protects

the owner from international coin call fraud.  When you place an 

international coin call the phone dials into the Intellicall network.

The call is then monitored to make sure that coins continue to be 

collected.  If the line gets screwed with, the phone disconnects

the call. 




Specs-

Operating temperature    -30 to 60 degrees C

Operating Humidity       10-90% relative

Line Powered

Weight    45 pounds

Processor     32-bit, low voltage


Memory-
RAM   1MB, upgrade to 2MB

ROM   2MB, upgrade to 4MB








Features-



Spanish and English voice prompts built in.  

The owner can program the phone to use either language or both.  I want 
to own a phone where their is no Spanish speaking people but have the 
phone programmed for Spanish only.  I have a sick sense of humor. 


Electronic Coin Handling System  (ECHS).

The ECHS consists of an anti-stuffing device coupled with the 
MARS MS16 electronic coin validator.  This eliminates coin jams and
coin chute stuffing.  This is done by capturing foreign objects 
inserted in the coin slot.  What happens is:  If it doesn't fit 
through the coin validator, it goes into this little trash can
like section for the technician to remove.  This is what got me 
into phreaking over 10 years ago when my dad showed me how to
stuff a payphone.  I never thought I'd be writing an article on
how it is being prevented.


211 automated customer refund service

This provides immediate customer service.  Callers dial customer service
and the operators give them another call.  They have a complete call
detail record to review the last transaction.  This is suppose to save
money by eliminating the process of mailing out 25 cent checks.  I can see
6 dollar checks but who goes to the bank with a 25 cent check?  Now that I
think about it, can you imagine the look on the tellers face when she
realizes you waited on line for 10 minutes for a quarter?  You get to 
phreak people out and get paid for it.  Now it would be 35 cents but
it's the same idea.  For an added kick, ask to have that it in one dime,
5 pennies, and 4 nickels.  


Coin collection alarms and cash box totals

This monitors for unauthorized entry and generates automatic call outs
during cash box collections to identify time of coin collection and coin 
total to make sure no ones rippin you off.  Alarm call outs are
generated that identify immediate service requirements such as full 
coin box, missing handset, low activity, coin jam, and system/software
problems.  I wonder if that payphone had an alarm when I took a bunch
of M-80's and, uh, nevermind. 

Service callout

Allows the service technician in the field to request a download of
rates and program the phone without the assistance of office personnel.



Options-


Coin handling

Can be fitted with mechanical or electronic coin mechanisms.


Intelli*star

This is Intellicall's patented store and forward technology.  It 
performs all functions associated with placing a 0+ phone call.  
0+ calls are changed to a 1+ call inside the phone.
This also lets you control your 0+ traffic so that you don't
have to rely on outside service providers.


Card reader options

Phones can be ordered from the factory with card readers.








Nortel
Millennium payphones


Millennium payphones are the top of the line phones.  You usally
see these phones in hotels and airports.  These phones have everything.
You can even have advertisements on the scrolling display screen.  As 
you would expect, they also have some of the most advanced fraud 
protection features.  





Millennium Desk Terminals

	The Desk phone series are found in hotels and large businesses.  

They don't use coins so it's a lot cheaper to run.  It's also harder to 

phreak cuz it validates the card instead of you typing in pin numbers.

The coolest thing about it is that it has a data jack so you can 

hook up laptop.  



Specs

Weight - 3.3 pounds

Operating temperature - 0 to 50 degrees Celsius
Non operating temperature - -40 to 70 degrees Celsius

Line Requirements - Standard analog loop with answer supervision
using battery reversal



Features


RJ-11 data jack

This let's the you connect a computer so you can access email and 
other services.


Self Diagnostics

This allows the phone to monitor it's operation.  But unlike other 
phones that just tells you what's going, this phone actually does
something about it.  The phone calls the nearest service center
when it needs attention.  That's pretty damn cool. "Yeah Joe, your
phone called me today.  Said somethin about some Phone Punx 
reprogramming the display screen".


Quick Access Keys

These are one touch keys that allow you to access security, local
businesses, and other services.  These keys can be programmed
to dial a free or a paid call.


Vacuum Fluorescent Display

This is what I talked about before.  The screen gives you instructions
on how to use the phone.  It can also be programmed to display ads.


Language Select Key

This key allows callers to choose the primary or alternate
language. The primary language is always English.  The primary
language can be either Spanish, French, or Japanese.  This 
changes audio and visual instructions.


Voice Prompts

Voice Prompts gives you dialing instructions.  The prompts are recorded
and not synthesized.


Next Call Key

This key makes it easy to place a multiple calls with the same card.
I guess it's a bitch to keep putting the card back in and setting it
back up.  You can also use this if you screw up when dialing.  





Specific Models of Desk terminals


M1351
Desk Terminal with Magnetic Stripe Card Reader

	This phone has a Magnetic Stripe Card Reader so the caller

can pay for the call with a credit card or a calling card.  


M1361
Desk Terminal with Multi Card Reader

	This phone has a Multi Card Reader so that the caller can use

a credit card, calling card, smart card, or cash card.  The smart

card and cash card are known as integrated circuit or chip card.

These cards are pre-paid cards and the phone subtracts the amount

of credit you used and stores the value on the card.    







Millennium Multi-Pay Terminals

	Multi-Pay Terminal is just a fancy name for a payphone that accepts

a variety of payment methods.  This phone looks like your normal 

bell style phone except it has a card reader, display screen, and 

all the other buttons that I will talk about.  Unlike the Desk 

Terminals, these phones except coins.  



Specs

Weight - 42 pounds

Operating temperature - -40 to 60 degrees Celsius
Non-Operating temperature - -50 to 70 degrees Celsius

Line requirements - Standard analog loop with answer supervision
using battery reversal.



Features

Multi-Pay Terminals have many of the same features that the 
Desk Terminals have.  Therefore, I will not add a description
of the similar features because I will just be repeating myself.


Language Select Key

Voice Prompts

Self Diagnostic System

Vacuum Fluorescent Display

Next Call Key

Quick Access Keys

Multi-Card Reader

Recessed Coin Slot

The Recessed Coin Slot can except all US coins including $1 coins.

Electronic Coin Validator

The Electronic Coin Validator is equipped with a sensor to prevent
the use of slugs of foreign coins




Specific Models of Multi-Pay Terminals (MPT)


M1231
MPT with multi card reader

	This phone accepts coins, smart chip, and magnetic stripe cards.

It can also accommodate future card technologies.


M1221
MPT with smart card reader

	This phone can accept coins and smart chip cards.


M1211
MPT with magnetic stripe card reader

	This phone can accept coins, calling cards, and credit card.















Fighting Back-Mohawk




Security and Fraud Newsletter
Frequency: 12 issues per year
Subscription Price: £645/US$1097

	This is proof that phreaking is a money making business.  Not

for us, but for the people trying to stop us.  Basically this guy gets

paid $1100 a year person for taking articles in different zines and

putting them in his own words.  Damn, if he gets only 50 people to buy

the newsletter that's about $55,000 a year.  Hell, I'm gonna quit my job

and sell articles.  Seriously though, I would never do that.  This

is almost like a scam in my opinion.  The following is a summary

of what the newsletter is about.




	Each month the S&F Newsletter uncovers all the latest issues, 

identifies problem areas and highlights the methods, products and current 

industry solutions to this prevalent problem, or so they say.  They 

show you how to combat fraud and to speed up the time that you 

detect it.  



Each issue covers:

Fraud Detection and Prevention 
Phone Cloning & Subscriber Fraud 
Card Forgery & Phone Breaking 
Standards & Imminent Legislation 
Privacy & Data Protection
Customer Care & Billing Issues 


They also give you:

Analysis - Find out how just how big the fraud problem really is 
Reports - Instances of Fraud, including prosecutions undertaken 
Competitor Information - Know what your competitors are doing to beat 
	fraud and find out how effective their strategies are proving. 
Product Reviews - keeping you informed about the latest and best telecoms 
	security products 



They claim that S&F newsletter will allow you to:

-  Stay up to date on the most effective ways of combating each type 
	of fraud 
-  Avoid being out-flanked by the fraudsters or overtaken by your 
	competitors 
-Find out what anti-fraud software is currently available 
	and in use by telcos world-wide 
-Discover what fraud detection packages will reap the best rewards for 
	your business 
-Keep informed on the grey areas currently being exploited by fraudsters 
-Spot the potential gaps in your procedures and systems before someone 
	else does







Corsair completes PhonePrint expansion for AT&T Wireless Services 

Fraud prevention system fights roaming fraud in Southern California and 
Las Vegas

	Corsair Communications, Inc. announced today the expansion of its 

PhonePrint* cellular fraud prevention system into three AT&T Wireless 

Services markets. 

	The system protects subscribers in Santa Barbara, Oxnard-Ventura, 

and Las Vegas. In 1995, AT&T Wireless was among the first wireless 

providers to adopt the Corsair system. AT&T Wireless began the recent 

expansion project to reduce exposure to roaming fraud in markets in 

Southern California and Las Vegas, Nevada. 

	"While our sister company in Los Angeles has used PhonePrint to make

serious progress in their fraud fighting efforts over the past two 

years, we had seen roaming fraud gradually increase in our adjacent 

markets," said Erin Cord, AT&T Wireless' director of business security 

for the Western Region. 

	"The cloners were being shut down in Los Angeles, and they were 

moving out to our markets to harvest numbers for use in L.A., as well as 

other major metropolitan areas. We implemented PhonePrint primarily to 

stop this infiltration of roaming cloners." 

	According to David Thompson, Corsair's vice president for marketing, 

the situation in California and Las Vegas is part of a trend, in which 

fraud is moving to smaller cities and suburban areas. "Even markets with 

no home fraud problem now have to watch their exposure to roaming fraud 

closely," said Thompson. 

	"There's no predicting where the cloners will turn next, nor when 

they'll do it. They can target a market and wreak financial havoc with 

amazing speed. Carriers understand the seriousness of this exposure, and 

they're protecting themselves now." 











Busted-Mohawk



Swedish police nab cannabis promoting hackers

	Two young Swedish hackers who turned a Swedish county's home page 

into an advertisement for pornography and cannabis and broke into the U.S. 

space agency's computer system have been tracked down, local media reported.

	After a year-long hunt, police in Umea in northern Sweden finally 

traced the two youths, aged 18 and 15, and seized their computers, the 

newspaper Vasterbottens Folkblad said on Wednesday. Police were quoted 

as saying no charges would be laid because no economic crime had been 

committed. 

	They said the older of the two youths was known to the authorities 

after his involvement in a case of illegal data entries and computer fraud 

two years ago for which an older youth was sent to jail. 













Letters-Mohawk



From:  DSto3133

I have read with great pleasure your posts and newsletter.  However, I 

tried to get the CNA division of Bell Atlantic for the 609 area code and 

the # that you had on the list doesn't work anymore.  I think it was 

201 xxx 7676 ( I don't have it right next to me at this moment)  Could 

you please give me the new #  I really need to do a look up on a non-pub 

# and the operators in this area have no clue what a FACS or MLACS or 

DPACS is.  I could use some help here.   Thanks for any you can provide.



<What the hell list is this?  I didn't post any CNA number on any 
list.  I don't know the NJ CNA number and I don't know you, so why would
I just give it to you?  I can't stop wondering what goes through
some people's mind when they write letters like this.>





From:  Ralph

How do I find the number to dial that will ring back the phone I'm

calling from?  I'm in area code 410.

<Read the article "NXX Scanning".>





From:  Rising Sun

First, I don't know if you use AOL as server space or as your primary 

ISP but I have never run into any one from AOL that has actually known 

what they are talking about. I would say I'll trust  AOLers a little 

more, but your what 1 out of 50,000,000 or something like that, but 

anyways its a great zine. In issue one, about turning your car into 

a phreaking unit, a good power converter for the car can be found at 

the shack. I think they discontinued them this year, but they run about 

50 dollars and have 4 sockets instead of 2. Also, i wouldn't recommend 

trying to run a pc off of a car battery for more then about 30 min, 

we had one running for about an hour and a half and out battery 

was DRAINED!!! We couldn't even turn the engine over (the look at the 

tow guys face when he saw the monitor in the back seat hooked up to a 

tower was worth the 30 dollar bill. Issue one is the only one I've read 

so far, any ways, me and a few buddies are starting a um, what the hell 

would you call this, kinda like a club I guess. We're calling it CIT, we 

want to get local chapters together and publish a zine, which is still 

in progress. I don't know where you are geographically, but we're in 

IL. If you would be interested in starting a local chapter kinda 

thingy would be kinda cool. We hold our meetings on the second or 

third saturday of every month (we have had two on the 2nd and two 

on the 3rd saturday, so its still kinda undecided), it keeps the 2600 

meetings and these pretty balanced. Our meetings have consisted of a 

few different things. The first meeting we went around and jumped into 

Amertich dumpsters and played with a junction box. The second we sat in 

a cafe and talked. The people that are attending are generally more 

phreaking related and not so much into hacking. I am just starting to 

make a web page for the group. We would like to have articles and 

what not written by us, and not stolen from other people. If you 

would like to maybe publish your articles in a CIT monthly\weekly\yearly\ 

what the fuck lets go for quarterly news letter zine kinda 

thing it would be cool. I dont mean this to come off like I'm trying 

to absorb the whole zine or anything.  Anyways its late, I kinda got 

to get going. Tell me what you think about all this.




<Well.  I have lost count, but this has got to be 45,608 time that
we have been asked to join something.  I think we have had more offers
that we do actual readers.  Don't get me wrong, we're flattered that you
invited us to join your um, uh, thing.  However, we have specific goals 
that we are trying to accomplish and since I am a control freak, I just
can't end the zine and write for another one.  The OCPP will remain the 
OCPP until I decide we have accomplished everything that we set out to
do.  When this will happen, I have no idea.  I doubt it will be anytime
soon though.  I am considering writing something for another zine.  It
will most likely be a rewrite of an article that was already in an
issue of OCPP.  I'm not going to say anything else about this cuz I don't
know if it's gonna happen.  If it does I'll be sure to let you guys know.
If I ever do end the OCPP I might consider writing for another zine.  
Keywords-might and consider.  However, don't let this discourage
anyone.  If I get the right offer I just might accept it.  Right now,
all I'm usin AOL for is email, OCPP wise anyway.  I use it a lot for
my band though on other accounts.  A lot of people that own clubs and
crap like that in the NY area are on AOL and it is a big help that
I am on it too.  Since there is only 11 or so million AOL members
that would make me 1 out of only 11 million. I am not the only
"non-lamer" on AOL.  There is a load of phreaks on AOL that know
a lot more than me.  If you've ever stopped by alt.phreaking you'd see
that half of the posts are made by AOLers.  I know a lot of phreaks
on AOL that are sorta in denial.  They use their Hotmail accounts to
send/receive mail and to post to newsgroups.  With all the ignorant people
out there I can't blame them, but I think you shouldn't hide that fact
that your on AOL.  I understand you have your reasons.>



From:  Sheepdog
Holy Shit! How the hell did a phreaker group come out of a shity place 

like Ocean County?!  It's great that you managed this but to my knowledge 

I wouldn't think possible.  Anyway add me to the list.



<That's my life story, proving everyone wrong.  What amazes me even more 
is that someone actually knows about Ocean County.>  




From:  Mr. N

I really like your zine.  I want to help you guys but I'm not much

of a writer.  Is there anything else I can do.  I'm just a begining

phreak so that's why.  I know a lot about hacking so I could write

about that if you want.  If I do write something, are their any 

benefit's that I would get?



<Thanks for the compliment.  Well there are many ways you can help out
us or any other zine for that matter.  Say if your talking about 
phreaking with someone, you could say "ever check out the OCPP, THTJ,
etc."  If you have a H/P/A website add a link to us and your other
favorite zines/sites.  Write us a letter (which you did) letting
us know what you like and dislike.  Let us know what you would
like to see done/covered in future issues.  The list goes on and on.
The more people that read the zine, the better it gets.  As far as 
benefits go, we already publish the zine for free.  There are
benefits though.  I don't even mention them to anyone most of the 
time and I'm not going to here.  The more articles you write, the 
more benefits you get.  I take care of my staff, they know that.>




From:  Crash Override

Hackers Unite!
Hack the Planet!
Take down the Gibson!


<This letter was sent to Mr. Seuss.  Hmm, do you think he might have
been influenced by the movie "Hackers".  I know it sounds really
farfetched and you probably think I'm on crack, but I think he's
seen it once or twice.  But then again, what do I know, I'm just the 
King of Nynex.>

















News



Headlines

Bell Atlantic introduces Name and Number Deliver Service 

Intersphere launches website for MGM's upcoming Interactive game, WarGames 

Bells go 0-4 in long distance requests with FCC

Bill Gates gets egg on face in Brussels 

Corsair completes PhonePrint expansion for AT&T Wireless Services 

FBI probing "hacking" of U.S. defense computers









Bell Atlantic Introduces Name And Number Delivery Service 


	Bell Atlantic-New York has taken the frustration out of 
phone calls that are never answered. 

	Callers can now leave their name and telephone number for the person 
they are calling when their call goes unanswered. This new Bell Atlantic 
service, known as Name and Number Delivery Service, is available to many 
customers on the east side of Manhattan; Long Island City and Astoria in 
Queens; the Kingsbridge section of the Bronx; and in the Bay Ridge and 
Canarsie sections of Brooklyn. 

	Those who use the service will be able to leave their name and 
telephone number for most Bell Atlantic customers in the New York 
metropolitan area -- Long Island, the five boroughs of New York City, and 
Westchester, Rockland and Putnam counties. 

Here's how the service works: 

	When a call is unanswered, callers hear a series of simple voice 
prompts, or commands, that will enable them to leave their name and 
telephone number for the person they are calling. Bell Atlantic's 
network will record the information and then call the number every 
half-hour for the next eight hours. No attempts to deliver the message 
will be made between 10 p.m. to 7 a.m. weekdays or 10 p.m. to 9 a.m. 
weekends. 

	When the call is finally answered, a recording will announce that 
someone was trying to reach them, and that Bell Atlantic is attempting 
to deliver that person's name and telephone number. The information is 
played twice. 

	The charge for the service is 75 cents for the caller. There is no 
charge for the person receiving the message. The service can be used by 
callers with either Touch Tone or rotary service. 

	"Despite the widespread use of voice mail and answering machines, 
many calls still go unanswered," said Rich McCusker, Bell Atlantic 
director of Messaging Services "This innovative service takes the hassles 
out of trying to reach someone. It's easy to use, providing our customers 
with greater control and convenience." 


	Where available, Name and Number Delivery Service is automatically 
on customers' lines. They do not need to call Bell Atlantic to order the 
service. If customers want more information about the service, or if 
they want the service removed from their line, they should call 
1-800-742-2220.





Intersphere launches website for MGM's upcoming Interactive game, WarGames 

	Intersphere Communications Ltd. Monday announced the launch of the 
newest website for client Metro Goldwyn Mayer, designed to promote the MGM 
Interactive game WarGames.  

	The site is created for the upcoming release, which is based on 
the very successful movie of the same name.  It can be found at 
http://www.wargamesmgm.com/.  This is the second site designed by 
Intersphere for MGM.  In October of this year Intersphere launched 
the site for the interactive game Return Fire II 
(http://www.returnfire2.com/).


	Created by Interactive Studios, UK and distributed by MGM 
Interactive, the strategy game builds on the hacker theme of the 
movie.  Players will experience up to 30 campaign-based missions 
scripted by the original producer and director of the motion picture.
High resolution SVGA display and a 3D engine will allow for full 
rotation of the playfield.  

	The playfield itself will feature six environments with real-time
weather, realistic sound effects and an intense soundtrack.  The game
will allow for both single and multi-player gameplay.  

	The site features game information, sound files from the movie 
and the opportunity to logon and register to receive e-mail as the 
site is developed.  Compelling graphic, copy and audio content 
provide users with an exciting preview of the upcoming game.  There 
are also links to the Return Fire II, Machine Hunter and MGM sites, 
as well as Mplayer.  

	Intersphere Communications Ltd. is a full-service advertising 
agency that emphasizes the use of the internet as a creative 
communication medium.  Company information can be found at their WWW 
site at http://www.intersphere.com/.  

	Intersphere Communications Ltd. is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
Interactive Gaming and Communications Corp., a publicly traded 
company on the OTC Bulletin Board under the ticker symbol SBET.  

	MGM Interactive, a unit of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc., manages 
creative development and production of interactive products for a 
variety of multi-media platforms, as well as talent and developer 
relationships.  

	In 1996, MGM Interactive released the critically acclaimed The 
Ultimate James Bond: An Interactive Dossier and Chitty Chitty Bang 
Bang's Adventure in Tinker Town.  In 1997, the company released the 
widely popular game Machine Hunter.  

	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. is actively engaged in the worldwide 
production and distribution of entertainment products, including 
motion pictures, television programming, home video, interactive 
software, music, licensed merchandise, a 1,600-title library, a 
4,500-title home video library and a significant television library.

	The company's operating units include MGM Pictures, United 
Artists Pictures, MGM Worldwide Television, MGM Telecommunications 
Group, MGM Distribution Co., MGM Home Entertainment and Consumer 
Products Group, MGM Music, and MGM Interactive, among others.  

URLs:
War Games                        Intersphere Communications Ltd.
http://www.wargamesmgm.com/      http://www.intersphere.com/.

MGM 
http://www.MGM.com.





Bells go 0-4 in long distance requests with FCC

	The government rejected a Bell telephone company's plan to offer
one-stop shopping for local and long distance services in Louisisana.
The 5-0 Federal Communications Commission vote marked the fourth
time the agency has turned down a regional Bell telephone comapany's
request to provdide long distance service to its local customers.
No requests have been approved. As in the earlier cases, the FCC 
concluded that Bell South Corp. has not sufficiently opened its
local phone market to rivals, a condition for entering the
long distance business.






Bill Gates gets egg on face in Brussels 
                 
	Microsoft Corp. Chairman Bill Gates got a face full of custard pie 
during his visit to Brussels on Wednesday, organizers of the visit said. 
The attack took place as Gates, fresh from a visit with world and business
leaders in the Swiss ski resort of Davos, was about to attend a reception 
given by the Belgian Flemish community. 

	Organizers said five people, equipped with stocks of pies, appeared
to be involved in what was believed to have been a prank with commercial 
intent. Shortly after the incident, a caller offered to sell Reuters 
Television some film of the attack, from which Gates emerged spattered but 
seemingly unscathed. 
	A Microsoft spokeswoman said Gates was "surprised and disappointed"
but unhurt by the attack. "From our perspective it's very unfortunate that
anybody should have to go through this," said Erin Brewer from the 
company's Redmond, Wash. headquarters. She said Gates took some time to 
clean up and then went ahead with his planned speech on technology and 
education. 

	Brewer said she did not believe Gates or Microsoft would press 
charges.  She said the company understood the incident was the 
work of Noel Godin, a Belgian who has made a name for himself and a 
lucrative business out of hurling custard pies in the faces of the rich 
and famous. 

    	Asked whether Microsoft was concerned about Gates' security, Brewer 
said, "We look at this is an isolated incident. He does have 
appropriate security at all times."






Corsair completes PhonePrint expansion for AT&T Wireless Services 

Fraud prevention system fights roaming fraud in Southern California and 
Las Vegas

	Corsair Communications, Inc. announced today the expansion of its 
PhonePrint* cellular fraud prevention system into three AT&T Wireless 
Services markets. 

	The system protects subscribers in Santa Barbara, Oxnard-Ventura, 
and Las Vegas. In 1995, AT&T Wireless was among the first wireless 
providers to adopt the Corsair system. AT&T Wireless began the recent 
expansion project to reduce exposure to roaming fraud in markets in 
Southern California and Las Vegas, Nevada. 

	"While our sister company in Los Angeles has used PhonePrint to make
serious progress in their fraud fighting efforts over the past two 
years, we had seen roaming fraud gradually increase in our adjacent 
markets," said Erin Cord, AT&T Wireless' director of business security 
for the Western Region. 

	"The cloners were being shut down in Los Angeles, and they were 
moving out to our markets to harvest numbers for use in L.A., as well as 
other major metropolitan areas. We implemented PhonePrint primarily to 
stop this infiltration of roaming cloners." 

	According to David Thompson, Corsair's vice president for marketing, 
the situation in California and Las Vegas is part of a trend, in which 
fraud is moving to smaller cities and suburban areas. "Even markets with 
no home fraud problem now have to watch their exposure to roaming fraud 
closely," said Thompson. 

	"There's no predicting where the cloners will turn next, nor when 
they'll do it. They can target a market and wreak financial havoc with 
amazing speed. Carriers understand the seriousness of this exposure, and 
they're protecting themselves now." 






FBI probing "hacking" of U.S. defense computers


	The Pentagon and FBI are investigating intense, successful 
efforts by computer ``hackers'' this month to obtain information from 
U.S. military computers, a top defense official said Wednesday. 
	Deputy Defense Secretary John Hamre told reporters there was no 
indication that the electronic break-ins over the last two weeks were 
connected to a crisis over U.N. arms inspections in Iraq. He stressed 
that ultra-sensitive classified systems had not been breached. 
	Hamre said it was apparently the most intense such effort to 
date and although it might have been just a game, it was a "wake-up call"
on the vulnerability of government and corporate computers. "During the 
last two weeks the (Defense) Department has experienced a fairly 
heavy-duty cyber attack,"  Hamre told reporters.  "In this case, we have 
been working very closely with the attorney general and the FBI." 
	"We did not have any penetration of our classified networks," 
he said.  "The unclassified networks, however, were penetrated." 
	Hamre said the incidents had intensified attempts by the 
department to more quickly spot break-in attempts and catch those 
responsible. "It has dramatically accelerated the Pentagon's and federal 
government's plans to get on top of this problem,'' he said, stressing 
that sensitive data on personnel, payrolls and other information was often 
not adequately guarded by electronic "firewalls" in both corporations and 
the military. 
	Hamre said it was not yet known where the attempts originated. 
But he suggested they might be by amateurs in response to "contests" 
among hackers.  "There are hackers that enjoy just breaking into people's 
computers to see what they can see. And, of course, there is always a 
mystique about the Department of Defense," he told reporters. 
	"There are actually hacker clubs and there are hacker contests. 
And, in that sense, the Department of Defense is vulnerable."  But James 
Glave, a senior technology writer for "Wired News" - an Internet news 
service on the impact of computers on daily life - said he had seen no 
indication that there had been a recent hacking effort aimed at the 
Pentagon.  "I've scanned the Internet news groups where hackers meet 
and often boast about their accomplishments, and I haven't seen any 
bragging," Glave told Reuters. 
	Hamre declined to discuss details of the latest efforts or to 
reveal what information had been obtained. But he said the incidents 
appeared to be similar to previous attempts by hackers to show that they 
could get into protected systems.  "This has all the appearances of just 
being a game, somebody trying to get in so they can say they got it," 
Hamre said, adding such attempts were no joke to the government. 
	He said the recent incidents included attempts to set up 
electronic "trap doors" in software systems through which information 
could be siphoned.  Sophisticated amateur computer hackers have been 
previously convicted, fined and jailed for breaking into sensitive 
military and other government information databases. 
	The director of the super-secret U.S. National Security Agency 
said in October 1997 that the number of break-ins of Defense Department 
systems was increasing dramatically.  "I think it was, in many ways, a 
wake-up call," Hamre said Wednesday of the recent incidents. 











The OCPP is a free publication.  Copyright 1997, 1998.  All 
information in this issue is property of the Ocean County Phone Punx.
Nothing may be copied or reproduced.  Our staff and our ISPs are not 
responsible for your actions.  What you do with this information is
up to you.  
