		       Ocean County Phone Punx Presents
				       OCPP03
				  August 26, 1997

                                                                               
                              Contents
 	                      Intro-Mohawk
                          Interview-Mohawk
                       Usenet Warning-Checkmate
                       AOLeet (editorial)-Mohawk
                          Beyond Hope-Mohawk
                         Extension/Tap-Checkmate
                             News-Mohawk
                   Bell Atlantic/Nynex Merger-Mohawk
                          Project Angel-Mohawk



Intro - Mohawk


	Wow 2 months go by fast.  They say most zines fold after the third

issue.  Well this is it.  Will this be the last issue?  Of course not. The 

OCPP is getting very popular and I would like to thank everyone who has

made that possible.  Special thanks to our writers and to the people that 

mail us.  This issue will focus on the state of phreaking today and 

technology that will have an impact on phreaking in the future.


Interview - Mohawk


	A few months back while I was doing research on project angel I called

Lucent technologies to see if I can get some answers from them.  Of course

they didn't know what I was talkin about so they transfered me all over the

place.  I got to the zillionth menu and one of the options was report a

toll fraud.  I got connected to the electronic toll fraud dividion and I 

asked the guy about project angel,  He had no clue what I was talkin about 

but he was really cool.  We talked for a half an hour.  I figured I'd call

them back up and interview them.  When I called again I got a different 

person and he wasn't very friendly.  In fact he was a dick.  Sorry to 

everyone who was waiting for this.  It was suppose to be alot better but 

here it is.

All text in () are my thoughts.

Jay>Lucent technologies toll fraud this is Jay.

Mohawk>Hi this is Bill from Eastern telecommunications Monthly newsletter, 
and I was wondering If I can just ask you a few questions.  It will only
take a few minutes.  

J>ok.

M>How long have you been working for lucent?

J>who are you with?

M>Eastern telecommunications monthly.

J>ok, we're in the toll fraud group what kind of questions do you need to ask

M>I just wanted to get some background info on the ETF division and the 
people that work there.

J>I think this is something I better clear with my coach first.

M>uh ok.

J>do you wanna call back?

M>when would you like me to call back?

J>tommorow afternoon.

M>this will only take 5 minutes.

J>It's not the time I'm worried about it's the information I'm giving away.

M>If you don't want to answer something than you don't have to.

J>I'll listen to the questions If I don't want to answer them I won't.

M>How long have you been working for Lucent?

J>Well Lucent has only been in existence for..  (obviously asshole)

M>AT&T

J>22 years

M>How long has there been an ETF division.

J>I've been in it for over 3 years, I would say about 5 to 6 years.

M>How did you get the job, what qualifications did you have?

J>PBX experience  (don't get to detailed now)

M>Do you go through any special training?

J>Oh yeah. (well that clears everything up)

M>Do you guys go to seminars to learn new things?

J>Oh yeah.  (notice a pattern)

M>How many other people work at the ETF division?

J>alot.  (a billion is alot)

M>About how many cases do you handle a day?

J>Yeah this is gettin a little proprietary.

M>There's only a few more questions.

J>Well that's not the point.  I don't know who you represent, I'm giving
out information that could be gettin to the wrong hands.(who the russians?)

M>How? It's really nothing that big.

J>How do I know you're not a hacker! (cuz I'm a phreaker)

M>How can a hacker use this?

J>He maybe giving it to Northern telecom, or to our competitors.  
(News Flash-19 year old crushes Lucent and becomes the new CEO of NORTEL
by finding out how many how many cases of ETF they handle a day)

M>I didn't think it that much of a secret.  We do reports alot on computer
crime and security..

J>Well I will tell you I, well I'm speaking biasly of course, I fell that 
our systems are probably the easiest or most user friendly to secure, the 
customers don't have to purchase any additional hardware to secure their 
PBX, we can do it (did I ask you?  No he's not brainwashed or anything)

M>you do it right from the computer

J>exactly

M>the other questions I was just gonna ask were how many cases do you handle
a day
J>it varies

M>What type of computer do you use?

J>I have a COMPAQ, I use the taranova software.

M>Do you ever catch anyone?

J>no, we just stop the fraud

M>what do you refer to these people as, I've already heard you say hackers.

J>Phreakers,scumbags (without us he wouldn't have a job but we're scumbags,
the funny thing is he probably has such a thing against phreakers/hackers
he'll have a heart attack in 2 years.

M>Do you have any repeat problems?

J>Once we do a security tune up it's done.

M>Do you think phreaking will stop, stay the same, get worse or better?

J>It'll get better, It already is gettin better.  

M>Do you ever think you'll put an end to it?

J>I don't know if we'll ever put an end to it.  There's always people out 
there that are gullible.  Our work force went down by 50% I think were doing
something right. (don't jump to conclusions now) 

M>Are there any certain areas that have a big problem?

J>80% of our toll fraud comes from the 212/718 area code.  New York city

M>Yeah I heard there was a convention up there i was gonna do a report on it.

J>They have conventions, newsletters, magazines, books.  

M>Are there any other methods being developed to try and stop ETF?

J>Not that I know of.

M>What is the main problem that most people call you with?

J>Social engineering is still the number one way.

M>What is that? (as if I don't know)

J>That's when they call in and ask to be transferred out. 

M>How do you stop that?

J>You don't.

M>That's my last question, thanks alot.

J>Bye.
 
What can we learn from our friend Jay?  
Phreakers create jobs, they need us.
They know alot about what we do and how we do it.
They have special training and seminars to update them on the H/P scene.
They really, really hate us.
Their employees are brainwashed.
They leech info off of us but won't give us any info at all.
One thing that sux is that they probably all get along and they are always
willing to share new info when hackers/phreakers don't always get along
and aren't always willing to help one another.


(The next article was found in alt.phreaking.  Checkmate copyed it and sent 
it to me.  I figured I'd print it in here because it is intresting.  I am 
not saying that I believe or disbelieve what they are saying.  It is something 
to think about though.)

Usenet warning - Checkmate

~~~ Excerpted from Usenet post: "Warning! Danger! All internet users!"   ~~~

	AT&T, Bell South, Sprint, MCI, have engaged in an illegal conspiracy. 

They are hiding from the public their true involvement in possibly hundreds 

of "front" Internet Service Provider and other telecommunication companies. 

They have made audacious deals amongst themselves that you NEED to know

about.  They have hundreds of cross-ownership links amongst each other and

their subsidiaries.  AOL, and many others you thought were independent, are

all part of their plans.

	By the year 2000 they expect to have you and 480 MILLION people caught 

in their new "seamless" wireless system that will reveal your location and

record it in their databases whenever you use a phone or the Internet. With

their approximate $1 TRILLION DOLLARS IN ASSETS!!!  they have created a

consortium for this purpose.CHECK IT OUT:  http://uwcc.org

	Eventually they plan to control virtually all sources by which you can

receive news and information!  There are already deals or cross-ownership

ties with most major newspapers, this is why it isn't being reported.

	There is much going on here that is very frightening.  You think 

56kbps speed is and pushing the barrier for standard household wiring?  They 

are withholding the truth!  If they were not waiting for another 

reason.  RIGHT NOW YOU COULD GET   9-20  MEGABYTES PER SECOND!!!!! OVER 

STANDARD HOME TELEPHONE LINES!!!   Check out their ADSL "Forum": 

http://www.adsl.com/index.html

	Their plan, which has been developed with the military (ARPA/DARPA) 

and intelligence agencies (FBI, etc.), is hidden by their use of "forums",

"alliances", "consortiums" and "industry associations", etc.  Their goal is

to create a nation where all access to news and information is regulated

and filtered. one BIG company that cooperates with new MONITORING &

SURVEILLANCE laws quietly created by the government. 

	We have thousands of pages of their own documents which describe a 

police type state within a few years. 

	The DoD (military) 1997 strategic assessment says: "Internal unrest 

and extreme human rights violations can be expected."  They conclude by

saying:  "While most of the response will be from civilian authorities, the

military will become increasingly involved." WHAT IS GOING ON?!!!!   THIS

IS THE USA THEY ARE TALKING ABOUT!!!!!  Check it out for yourself:

http://www.dtic.mil/defenselink/news/Feb97/b020497_bt053-97.html

For DARPA's plans in 1997:   

http://www.arpa.mil/documents/testimony3_20_96.html

	Why have our Special Forces, Rangers, SEALS, etc. been training at 

night with explosives in at least 5 US cities (but only been reported in 

those local papers!!??) for the suppression of domestic dissenters!!!!

Ft Lauderdale Sun Sentinel, 11/5/96 & 11/18/96, Charlotte Observer

3/5-6/97, etc.

	We have a solution to stop this madness.  BUT FIRST JOIN WITH OTHER 

USERS FOR STRENGTH AND LEVERAGE.  The Development Association for World

Networking, Inc. (DAWN) became aware of these plans while engaged in other

research about ISP's.  We are organizing an Internet Users Group that will

help fight this, and locate for you an honest, locally based ISP, that

agrees to a code of conduct which includes clauses pertaining to: privacy,

civil rights, individual freedom, anti-snoop, U.S. Constitution, and the

Bill of Rights.  WE MUST STOP THIS NOW! 

Contact: dawn-membership@evcom.net


AOLeet (editorial) - Mohawk

	What’s wrong with phreaking today?  There are two main things that I 

feel are wrong with phreaking.  The first one, discriminating against Aol 

users , is seen mostly on alt.phreaking and IRC.  When ever I see this I ask 

myself, what kind of racist crap is this.  I hate racism more than anything.  

However on the net we can’t see who’s who  but we can see what ISP someone 

is using.  Most people who aren’t with AOL think that All Aolers are lamers 

and don’t know anything.  If they try to post something somewhere they are 

usually flamed.  This has got to stop.  I’m not just saying this because I 

am currently with AOL, I’m saying this because I feel that this type of 

discrimination hurts phreaking.  We have to stick together and help each 

other out.  I’m not saying that Aol doesn’t have it’s share of lamers.  T

There are a ton of stupid lame warez doodz out there but that’s got to be 

expected.  Out of almost 10 million people there’s bound to be thousands of 

lamers but it’s not reason to say everyone on AOL is stupid.  If your 

reading a newsgroup and you see some misguided person take the 5 seconds and 

correct them.  If you see some stupid lame ass postin crap just ignore them 

and they will go away.  The other thing I think is wrong is that we are too 

concerned with who’s leet and who’s not.  I say who cares.  We put people on 

pedestals for stupid reasons and wish we could be like them or we proclaim 

to everyone how leet we are.  I’m sorry to burst your bubble but 

hacking/phreaking wasn’t a talent last time I checked.  The reason these 

people are good is because they put time in to what they do.  Some of you 

think you can read the jolly rodger cookbook, download AOHell and instant 

31337.  No.  Some of these people have been in the scene for years and years 

and dedicate a lot of time to learn as much as they can and stay on top of 

things and help out the scene.  However these people are not elite.  There 

is no such  thing.  Who gives a rat’s ass who can do what.  Some people 

deserve a lot of respect but there is no reason that we should worship them 

or wish that we could be like them.  Some of you need to stop and think 

about what your doing.  If you brag in a chat room somewhere how leet you 

are, where is that gonna get you.  You will probably never meet half these 

people in real life anyway.  You cannot pick up 99% of girls by telling them 

what PBX you hacked.  We all have the ability to make a difference weather 

it be starting a conference, writing for a zine, or just helping some 

newbie.  Well I hope I helped someone.





















Beyond Hope - Mohawk

	This Augast the sequel to the 94 HOPE convention took place.  The 

following are a few news articles about it.  In future issues we will try to 

have some reports on what took place from people that were there.

	With security personnel up from the CIA hometown in Langley, Virginia, 

mixing with hackers up from basements across the country, the techno-

bacchanal Beyond HOPE highlighted the further evolution of computer jocks 

into the mainstream - and into money. Now that security concerns and hacking 

have yielded a booming industry ("tiger teams" of contractual crackers), it 

should come as no surprise that this rowdy, packet-sniffing bunch has 

learned to capitalize on its true talent: working the network. "Five years 

ago, they were a fringe, the Net was this obscure thing used to hack phone 

tech manuals," says security and cryptography expert Bruce Schneier, who 

spoke at this weekend's conference, held in New York and sponsored by 

hacking mag 2600. "Now there are companies whose life blood is the Net, like 

Yahoo, Amazon.... And hackers are being 'outed,' getting hired for 

penetration testing or starting companies." The three-day conference, 

keynoted by MSNBC commentator Brock Meeks, proved that hacking is not a 

lifestyle choice, but a community with its own rock stars (L0PHT), renegades 

(Metro-card hacking Red Balaklava), martyrs (Bernie S., Phiber Optik), and 

even patron saints (Cheshire Catalyst, Captain Crunch). While Steve Rambam 

walked the audience through the method for acquiring a fake Social Security 

card, the media-savvy Mudge, wearing a "Microshit" T-shirt, filled the group 

in on Theo de Raadt's OpenBSD, a hacker-written operating system. With an 

exploit script, an easy-to-use interface, and good name, "it will get 

press," said L0PHT member Mudge. "Microsoft hates that, and that's why we 

love it." But the real attraction was the bank of Unix terminals prepped for 

public consumption - and corruption. And while the hacker movement is 

gaining force, it's also gaining speed. This year, the conference boasted an 

operational 10 Mbps local network, compared to the crawling 28.8 Kbps they 

had in 1994. "If you have a machine on the network, expect to be hacked," 

said 2600 founder and conference organizer Emmanuel Goldstein, "because 

that's what we're here for." The 1,000-person strong Beyond HOPE is among a 

growing number of hacker conferences, including Black Hat and DEFCon IV, 

both held in July in Las Vegas. The happy-camper HIP conference was held, 

perhaps unwisely, simultaneously. HOPE attendee CyberJunkie hacked the HIP 

conference homepage and riddled it with HOPE icons. Though there's clearly a 

greater handshaking between law enforcement and the hacker community, Bernie 

S. knows well that the amity has a ways to go. The co-organizer of the 2600 

meeting, the boyish Bernie was sent to prison in May 1995 by the Secret 

Service for publishing a list of the service's communications frequencies, 

code names, and photos of agents in action (and picking their noses). The 

case against him began to verge on the absurd when agents confused the 

dental putty in his garage with plastic explosive. As the cause celebre of 

the culture, Bernie S. typifies the resiliency of the group. "If you try to 

squelch info, it won't get better," he said. "It'll mushroom." Though most 

hackers subsist off freeware, the conference offered multiple opportunities 

for conspicuous consumption. "Major Hacking" cookies were on sale at the 

"Buy Our Shit" concession stand. A letter-bomb detector went for US$40 

(used), and another table offered "I Love Your Computer" bumper stickers and 

"Co-Ed Naked Hacking" T-shirts ("Finger Me for More Info"). For the more 

serious consumer, Nadir sold hot hard drives and CD-ROM drives for $50 a 

pop. Will he guarantee it works? "I'll guarantee I brought it here," he 

answers. He's a student, and it's the first time he's tried selling hijacked 

equipment, he says. "I just want to make people happy." Ritalin junkies may 

have dominated by far, but the elder statesmen of the movement were there in 

force. Phone phreak Cheshire Catalyst, the founder of 2600 precursor TAP 

(Technical Assistance Program), started his newsletter in 1971 for "pay-

phone justice" - basically a primer on how to make phone calls on a penny. 

Captain Crunch, a more grizzled veteran who served time, reminisced about 

the time he prank-called Nixon in the White House. ("Sir, we have a crisis," 

he recalls saying. "What is the nature of crisis?" Nixon asked. "Sir, we're 

out of toilet paper," Crunch answered, and hung up). But for those on the 

outside, the line between allegiance and antagonism isn't always clear. 

MSNBC commentator Brock Meeks called for hackers to "pump up the volume," 

and bemoaned the loss of elegant hacks like the hole-sniffing Satan or 

Hacker X's coup stripping the Cyber Promotions server and posting it all 

over news groups. "Twenty percent of government computers have been subject 

to hacking attempts - that's a pretty low percentage." he said. "Get off 

your asses and make that go up." Later, a black-clad attendee who requested 

anonymity scoffed at Meeks' coaching. "It's so self-serving," he said. "He 

just wants to write about it."

.c The Associated Press

NEW YORK (AP) - When thousands of young, hip and rebellious computer hackers 

- machines in tow - showed up for a three-day convention on practicing their 

craft, there was one Golden Rule: ``If you hack someone else's machine, 

please don't do anything bad.'' 

	Just to make sure, organizers asked the telephone company to shut off 

the main room's phone jacks, removing a tempting route for attendees to 

freely hack into the outside world's computers. 

	Yet many of the techno-rebels at the Manhattan conference that ended 

Sunday said there was nothing to fear: Good hackers don't crash computers. 

Exposing flaws in high-tech security is more important than undermining it. 

	``Crashing the system should not be your objective. It had been in the 

past. That's the playground bully,'' said a veteran hacker known in the 

community only as Cheshire, sporting a big grin that tells you how he got 

his code name. 

	``Now it's no longer cool. Anyone can crash a system. It's more clever 

to find out how to make it NOT crash.'' 

	Such protests are routinely overshadowed by negative press. 

Technogeeks are accused of using their computer skills to post obscene 

messages on Web sites, launch attacks on e-mail services and even destroy 

computer files. Ever since the 1983 movie ``War Games'' depicted a boy 

cracking the Pentagon's computers - nearly dragging the world into a nuclear 

war - hacking has appealed to youngsters who may be too young to know when 

they're flirting with law-breaking - or too cool to care. 

	Balancing a more positive message against hacker mischief was a main 

challenge for organizers at the Hackers on Planet Earth conference. 

	When conference leaders showed, on an overhead screen, a Web site run 

by a sister conference taking place at the same time in the Netherlands, the 

presentation prompted laughter and applause from the audience. 

	It turned out the Web site had been broken into by hackers who altered 

its description of conference events. ``All our computers were taken over by 

agents of a hostile power...'' said the site's text, painting a fictional 

takeover by aliens. 

	The dichotomy was evident inside the building's high-ceiling rooms, 

which were snaked with black cables that linked rows of computers for 

attendees to explore the limits of the internal network. Adorning the mostly 

twenty-something attendees were so many nose-rings, tatoos and black T-

shirts that the place seemed more like a heavy-metal concert than a high-

tech conference. 

	After informing hackers that the phone jacks in the main room were 

shut off - keeping them from hacking into the outside world - conference 

organizer Pamela Finkel recalls the response: ``People said, `Where's the 

basement?''' 

	Many hackers began as teen-agers who preferred riding the Internet to 

riding their bicycles. They traversed the Web and shared computer codes with 

like-minded jocks, enabling them to visit forbidden places like e-mail 


data-bases. Some even changed what authority figures had created. 

	But after much negative press, hackers today like to think of 

themselves as insanely curious explorers whose antics help point out 

security holes in the World Wide Web and other systems. Anything less would 

be to wrongly lump them with ``crackers'' - hackers who have strayed into 

high-tech lawlessness. 

	``I kind of want to mock them in a way that's not morally wrong,'' 

said a 20-year-old hacker known as Rixoff, who also wanted to keep his 

identity secret. Rixoff was describing why he wore a Nynex hard hat at the 

conference when he doesn't work for the phone company, but it also described 

his attitude toward hacking. 

	All this and more is understood by veterans like Cheshire, who 

acknowledges he himself had crossed that line of temptation. 

	His eyes gleaming like liquid crystal behind a mop of prematurely 

white hair, Cheshire admitted as much to the small crowd of kids that had 

gathered about in a corner of the room. 

	``I just don't believe that a computer is unhackable,'' he said. 

``It's just another machine.'' 	


Extension/Tap - Checkmate


	For all the paranoia junkies out there, here's an idea you might want 

to try if you suspect your neighbors are spying on you.  This is sort of 

along the lines of RBCP's rants in a 2600 article... well just read it.

	Where I live, the apartment complex has a flexible rubber "bag" which 

holds all the splicing points between the trunk for my apartment building, 

and the outside line.  It's held together with several metal clips.  If you 

disconnect the clips you will find a large, messy bundle inside. 

	Using a tone generator on the splicing points(steal one from the 

telco, it's a little orange box) and a lineman's phone on the trunk lines, 

you'll be able to find which pairs in the trunk correlate to which pairs in 

the splicing points.  What I would do is log ANI on every number in that 

box, then mark down the colors of the twisted pairs in the splicing point 

that correlate to the positions, and numbers of the trunk lines.

	Select which lines you want to tap.  Find the related splicing point 

pairs, and look for small metallic flat pieces on those cable pairs.  Once 

you find them, disconnect them.   Secure the ends of one pair of telco 

wire(or else single strand 22 AWG wire) onto one side of the metal pieces, 

and attach another pair to the  other side.  Make sure they do not touch; 

wrap them in tape .  Then measure out the amount of wire from both pairs you 

will need to run to your safe point/bedroom floor.

	Connect the two pairs  of wires to a DPDT switch, one pair will occupy 

two terminals on one side of the switch.  this is a basic "on off" circuit; 

if it's on, they will be able to make a call.  If it's off, they will get 

NOTHING on their phone.

	One pair will lead to the side which will go to the neighbor's 

connection to the trunk and the other pair will go to the outside line.  On 

the pair going to the outside line, add two short lengths of wire (you can 

connect these to the same poles that this pair is connected to on the 

switch).  Expose the ends of the wire.

	You're done!  Now to test it out.  REMEMBER to ALWAYS leave the switch 

ON unless you want to make a call!  Connect your lineman phone or beigebox 

to the two short lengths of wire.  Pick up the phone.  In this mode your 

phone and switch is basically a parallel circuit with the neighbor's phone.  

You basically have an extension of their line.

	To listen in on neighbor, put your handset on "keypad off" mode or 

whatever(depends on what model you have) and connect it to the short wires.  

If someone's talking, you'll hear it.  If not you have a dialtone.

	If you get a dialtone, flick the switch to OFF, put the keypad back 

on, and dial to your hearts content!  This tap will be hard to find because 

most linemen simply check the box to see if there's any extra pairs of 

wires.  They don't bother looking into the splicing point bag simply because 

IT'S A BIG PAIN IN THE ASS.  So you should be pretty safe that way.  BUT BE 

CAREFUL if you have this running to your apartment!

	Alternatively, you can run these wires from a trunk line(in which 

you’ll have to make all those connections on the BACK of the terminal board) 

into the ground, and a short distance away to a safe bush.  
	



















News - Mohawk


	The following are from Lucent's faxes to thier employees.  I put them 

here for those that don't care about the last two articles.

New Cell Phone Technology--Using technologies now in the late stages of 

development, cellular phones will be able to provide services usually 

associated with the television, the music center and the computer.  Expect 

to see phones with screens of sufficient size and clarity to be able to 

watch full length movies, listen to high fidelity, order groceries and 

connect to the Internet. To provide these services, however, portable phones 

will have to be capable of receiving and sending much more information than 

is presently possible.  This is the chief significance behind last weeks 

announcements that Ericsson, Nokia, Siemens and Alcatel are uniting to 

promote a standard technology for these next generation phones.  The mobile 

phone industry describes this technology as UMTS (Universal Mobile Telephone 

Services).  UMTS is not a standard in its own right but more a wish list of 

what such a standard should contain.  US manufacturers are convinced that 

there will not be a single world standard for the foreseeable future and are 

refusing to put all thier technology egs in one mobile basket.  US groups, 

such as Lucent, the world's largest telecom manufacturer, are developing 

UMTS systems based on both GSM and CDMA.  Lucent, parent of Bell Labs, The 

world's most prestigous telecom research centres, carries out its GSM-UMTS 

research in Swindon, U.k.

Fingerprint ID -- Fingerprint biometrics got a boost in May when Veridicom a 

Lucent/US Venture partners startup, announced the development of a stamp 

sized fingerprint reader.  The reader-on-a-chip, which is smaller than 

optical fingerprint readers, can be built into a computer keyboard or mouse, 

allowing verified users to gain access to a PC or notebook.  The system will 

begin shipping this year for $300.  Tom Rowley, Veridicom's CEO, says the 

cost will eventually drop to as low as $100.  We're beginning to see alot of 

interest in fingerprint technology, especially with the prospect of building 

scanners into a keyboard or mouse for remote network access, says Jackie 

Fenn, Gartner group.  Still, Fenn notes that since these features will add 

several hundred dollars to the cost of desktop devices, she doesn't expect 

widespread use of built in scanners until prices drop below $200.  As those 

prices fall, companies should expect to see the emergence of some type of 

fingerprint-ID feature on high end notebooks next year, said Chris Byrnes, 

Meta Group.  With the Verdicom chip comes "the first technology for taking 

fingerprint identification and building it into a PC," said Byrnes.























Bell Atlantic/Nynex Merger - Mohawk


	Bell Atlantic and Nynex recently merged.  What does this mean for 

phreaks?  It's hard to say for sure.  Bell likes to genarilze things such as 

test numbers, numbers for thier computers and other various things.  So 

maybe it will be easier for phreaks in the New York area to trade info with 

phreaks in the northeast because the info will be simmilar.

The following is a news excerpt from the net.  
The New Bell Atlantic Opens for Business
Company to Focus on Customers, Growth, Innovation
August 15, 1997

NEW YORK, -- The new Bell Atlantic (NYSE:BEL) opened for business today with 

a commitment to growth, innovation, superior customer care and greater 

consumer choice in local and global telecommunications.

The merger of Bell Atlantic and NYNEX became effective late yesterday, 

following approval by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). The 

$25.6 billion merger brings together two companies with sustained 

double-digit earnings growth, strong demand in their core businesses and

bright prospects for growth in new markets.

"Today marks the dawn of a dynamic company that has the market reach, 

financial resources and customer focus to compete and win in the most 

exciting industry in the world," said Bell Atlantic Chairman and CEO Raymond 

W. Smith. "The new Bell Atlantic will better anticipate and respond to 

market needs through product innovation and forward-thinking solutions. At 

the same time, we will realize the cost efficiencies inherent in this merger 

and attain greater overall growth in earnings and shareholder value than 

either company could have achieved separately.

	"Bell Atlantic has strengthened its position as a leader in the global 

telecommunications marketplace.  Our opportunities today range far beyond 

our traditional regional borders. It will be my challenge as chairman and 

CEO -- and Ivan's when he takes my place -- to make the most of them."

Ivan Seidenberg, the former NYNEX chairman who is now Bell Atlantic's vice 

chairman, president and chief operating officer, said, "Now that the merger 

is official, it's time to roll up our sleeves and begin delivering the 

benefits to our customers and our investors. We will be a leader in the 

global marketplace and we will remain firmly committed to the people in the 

communities we have always served. We will always work to be our customers' 

first choice -- no matter where they are -- for their communication and 

information needs."Seidenberg will become chief executive officer of the new 

company by August 1998 and chairman of the board upon Smith's retirement at 

the end of 1998.

	Smith and Seidenberg have scheduled a full day of activities on the 

first day of the new Bell Atlantic,meeting with employees at various work 

locations and unveiling the new Bell Atlantic logo at the company's world 

headquarters at 1095 Avenue of the Americas in midtown Manhattan. Other 

senior managers will participate in celebrations with the company's more 

than 140,000 employees. 

	Relationship with Customers Is Key to Company's Success With 

operations and investments in 20 countries as well as key markets in the 

United States, the new Bell Atlantic is among the world's major providers of 

wireline and wireless communications and information services.

	Bell Atlantic subsidiaries serve 39 million telephone lines in 13 

eastern states, from Maine to Virginia, and the District of Columbia. This 

region includes nearly one-quarter of the U.S. population and is by almost 

any measure the world's richest communications and information marketplace.


Located within the region are Wall Street, the nation's capital, the 

nation's major media and the headquarters of one-third of the Fortune 500 as 

well as hundreds of other corporations, universities, research centers and 

other information-intensive industries. Major cities in the region include 


New York City, Boston, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Baltimore and Washington, 

D.C.

From the Bell Atlanitc Homepage

Growth Opportunities Abound

	The local market for communications services is growing at an 

unprecedented rate as residential and business customers require more access 

lines, advanced network and wireless services and higher bandwidth for data 

transport. "The new Bell Atlantic serves the world's largest, most 

sophisticated communications market," said Smith, "and demand for advanced 

services across our region will continue to fuel robust growth in our core 

business and new markets." Smith noted that Bell Atlantic already has more 

ISDN (Integrated Services Digital Network) lines in service than any other 

U.S. communications company. Seidenberg added, "Our combined market 

presence, advanced network and highly skilled employees will help jump-start 

our entry into new markets in our home territory, including long distance, 

data connectivity, Internet access and video." Building on a year of success 

in maintaining and improving service quality while meeting unprecedented 

demand, Bell Atlantic will further intensify its focus on customer care. The 

company expects to invest approximately $5 billion in 1997 to maintain 

quality and add new capabilities to its U.S. wireline network.

"In a competitive telecommunications marketplace, we must win our customers 

every day," said Seidenberg. "We make more than 100 million customer 

contacts each year, and each one is an opportunity to show the people we 

serve that we will do the job for them."
	
	Bell Atlantic will offer in-region long distance service as soon as 

possible. The company is well positioned to apply for approval to offer this 

service, as demonstrated by the commitments to local competition made in the 

merging companies' July 19 filing with the FCC.

	In-region long distance is a $20 billion opportunity for the combined 

company, with 45 percent of all long distance calls made within the 13 

states and Washington, D.C., originating and terminating in its region. "We 

aim to capture at least 25 percent of the long distance market in our region 

over the next five years," Seidenberg added. Seidenberg also noted that Bell 

Atlantic's domestic customers account for approximately 35 percent of all 

U.S. international calls. "Because we serve the Eastern Seaboard, we are 

extraordinarily well positioned to meet customers' needs for global 

connectivity," he said. "The bottom line," Seidenberg said, "is that this 

merger means a more competitive company -- and that's good news for our 

customers, employees, shareowners and the communities we serve." 

New Businesses, Global Opportunities

	Bell Atlantic is also one of the world's largest investors in wireless 

communications, international wireline telecommunications and information 

services.  Bell Atlantic and NYNEX have jointly operated a wireless 

communications company since July 1995, which today will begin operating as 

Bell Atlantic Mobile. Smith noted, "The success of Bell Atlantic Mobile is 

an example of what the newly merged company can accomplish with a unified

strategy, single brand name and more efficient operating structure."

Bell Atlantic Mobile and PrimeCo Personal Communications, Bell Atlantic's 

PCS partnership, have wireless operations in 14 of the top 20 markets, 

covering the East Coast and areas in the South, Southwest and Midwest, 

including Chicago. Bell Atlantic also oversees some of the world's 

fastest-growing wireless businesses, including partnerships in Mexico, 

Italy, the Czech and Slovak republics, Greece and Indonesia.

Bell Atlantic also has stakes in successful international wireline ventures, 

including Telecom Corporation of New Zealand, Cable & Wireless 

Communications, TelecomAsia and FLAG, the world's longest undersea fiber 

optic cable.  In addition, Bell Atlantic's Information Services Group is the 

world's largest provider of directory information, publishing 600 Yellow 

Pages editions and Big YellowSM, the leading on-line shopping directory. 

Bell Atlantic also has major initiatives in Internet solutions and 

electronic commerce.

	The merger has caused a lot of confusion with the employees of Bell 

Atlantic and Nynex. They have opened up a hotline in early 97 to help answer 

some of thier questions.  The hotline was so swamped with call that they 

decided to make up a newsletter called "Transition" to bring them updates on 

the merger  and to answer some of thier frequently asked questions.  Here 

are some excerpts from the newsletter.

	In the new Bell Atlantic there will be five operating groups.  

The Telecommunicatins Group, The Network Group, The Global Wireless Group,  

The Informaion Services Group, The International Telecommunications Group.


Q>When will we begin using the new company name in our dealings with 

customers?  Is there a new branding campaign planned?

A>At some point after the legal close of the merger, we will officially 

launch the new company for our customers.  This launch will include a 

campaign to promote the Bell Atlantic name for customers in the former NYNEX 

region.  At the same time, customer service personnel in the former NYNEX 

states will begin using the Bell Atlantic name in thier interaction with 

custtomers.  Employees will recieve advance notice of the campaign launch 

date.  

Q>Will there be common product and service brand names?  For examples, NYNEX 

offers Ringmate, while Bell Atlantic offers a similar product under the name 

Identa Ring.

A>There is a plan to unify the product and service names once the new 

company is launched.  Employees from brand management and marketing 

organizations in both companies currently are determining what those names 

will be and when they will be introduced.  

	The rest of the questions are about stock options, pensions, and 

beneifts and I doubt any of you care about that.  If we get more issues of 

Transition and any of it is intresting we will print it in future issues.

 
The New company:
40 million local phone lines
5.5 million wireless customers
covers 19 states and Washington DC
lagest local telephone comapny
second lagest phone provider under AT&T
Headquarters will move to New York City
Ranks 23rd on Fortunes magazines 500 largest US corparations
over 140,000 empolyees



Fixed wireless/project angel - Mohawk

special thanks to checkmate who brought this to my attention
This is the last part of this issue so if you don't want to read you're done reading.  Technology just keeps moving faster and faster and we have to stay on top of it.  I have provided every article I could find on it.    

The following is various news releases and speaches off the net.


John R. Walter 
                 President and Chief Operating Officer, AT&T 
                        As prepared for delivery at the 
                           NARUC Winter Meeting 
                              Washington, D.C. 
                             February 25, 1997 



	Of course, investing in the future means investing in brand new 

technology --Technology that expands what you can do for customers, and 

differentiates you from the competition. 

     And that brings me to the technology breakthrough in fixed wireless.      

When I arrived at AT&T in November, one of the first company locations I 

visited was a research lab in Redmond, Washington. And on that visit I was 

introduced to a project that AT&T Labs people had been working on in great 

secrecy since 1994. 

     It was code named project Angel. And now, Angel is going public. Angel 

is a fixed wireless system so extraordinary that it gives us a clear option 

to provide consumers with local service over our own loop facilities. 

     It's not a cellular system. It's not a mobile system. It's a totally

new type of radio communications system. 

     Angel uses proprietary high-speed digital processing technology that 

sends or receives signals between the customer's home and a wireless base 

station. I'm probably the wrong guy to tell you exactly how the technology 

works. But I can certainly tell you what Angel will do for this industry and 

its customers. 

     It is the first wireless system with all the reliability of copper 

wires -- from sound quality to security. 

     But it is much more than a potential replacement for conventional phone 

lines to the home. 

     Angel is a high-speed system that will eventually bring consumers the 

equivalent of bandwidth on demand. This is the solution to the "last mile" 

problem that has frustrated dreams of the Information Superhighway for 20 

years. 

     Ever since the first fiber optic lines, the long-distance industry has 

made enormous progress in transmitting more and more information at faster 

and faster speeds. But when those streams of information hit the local 

networks, they had to squeeze through that familiar bottleneck of narrow-

band, copper wired lines. 

     The potential cost of eliminating the bottleneck by running fiber to 

the home was so staggering it cut off most discussions. Nobody wanted to 

commit billions of dollars to provide capacity for advanced services with no 

track record of customer demand. 

     But with Angel, AT&T Labs has created an affordable last-mile solution. 

It has the potential capacity to deliver full-motion video conferencing and 

high-speed data applications direct to your home, through the air. 

     It does this over a narrow slice of radio spectrum, only 10 megahertz. 

And customers can go right on using their current equipment. 

     For customers, getting the power of Angel just requires the 

installation of a square antenna on the home, about the size of a pizza box 

-- a medium sized pizza box at that.

     With a few simple connections inside, you're ready for Angel. 

     AT&T got ready for Angel with the new wireless licenses we acquired 

over the last two years. Our licenses put us in position to cover better 

than 90 percent of the United States with this technology. 

     We start beta testing it in the Chicago area this year. And I think 

it's fair to say that residential communications will never be the same. 

     Initially we'll use Angel to provide two separate phone lines to each 

customer and high-speed Internet access at 128 kilobits per second. That 

adds up to Web access that's two or four times faster than the connections 

commonly available to consumers now, depending on the modem they're using. 

     And, of course, Angel will connect your home phone directly to the AT&T 

Wireless system. 

     Underlying all these new services is the quality breakthrough. Up until 

now, there has always been a tradeoff of quality versus convenience when you 

use a wireless phone.

     But not after Angel. This technology guarantees the same quality, 

reliability and security of AT&T's best wireline services. 

     People at AT&T who have been around this industry for a long time 

equate this breakthrough with the invention of cellular service. It's 

technology with clear and immediate benefits for customers. 

     Like all technological breakthroughs, this one will have to go through 

cycles of refinement and testing before it can be broadly deployed. 

     We need to test it for consumer acceptance, to make sure the pricing 

and features are right. That's what the beta testing in Chicago is all 

about. 

     Fundamentally new technology like this doesn't appear in every market 

overnight. But once it's deployed, Angel will provide customers with options 

they've never had before. 

     And it represents the kind of technology investment the new Telecom law 

was supposed to stimulate. Real competition in the local service market will 

provide the incentive for the wide-spread application of Angel, and other 

technological breakthroughs that this industry will certainly produce. 

     The customer benefits of the technology are another powerful argument 

for regulators to see the process through. Nothing stimulates innovation 

like a truly competitive market. 

     The announcement of Angel says more than I can about the exciting 

future ahead for this industry. 

     It's such a dynamic industry that no one can predict exactly where it's 

going. But we see a future where customers will look to one company to put 

together the combination of services and technology that they need. 

     Many people still miss the convenience of the one-stop shopping offered 

by the old Bell System. And I think customers will get that, but with the 

benefits of real competitive choice and vastly expanded technology. They'll 

have multiple companies making them one-stop offers. 

     There's an insatiable appetite around the world for communications. I 

think the communications industry is primed to meet that appetite, and 

create jobs, profits and social progress at the same time. 

     But competition is the lubricant for taking us into the 21st Century. 

The members of NARUC are now center stage in making real competition happen. 

     You have the largely thankless job of getting the details right in each 

state. We may not always agree with you. But speaking for myself, I will 

never again take your jobs for granted. 

     In that spirit, I'd like to close with a thought from the journalist 

Paul Magnusson who wrote: "Referees are seldom loved, but no professional 

would play a game without one." 

     So on behalf of all the professionals at AT&T, thank you all very much. 


	In a news release, AT&T announced a replacement for Central Offices

[CO's].  They plan on using something called *fixed wireless*, which will

be described in detail below.

	Blocks of 2,000 homes (or 4,000 individual phone lines) will be 

grouped together, each group having one directionl antenna.  The *physical*

connection between the HOMES and the ANTENNAS is *fiber optic* cable. 

AT&T has stated that it's found a way to utilize the 10MHz band for all of

this system's communication, and has already licensed that band from the

FCC.

	The CO's will be DSS [Digital Switching System] and will also be

fully outfitted with fiber optic cable.  Acess speed for all lines is a

steady 128kbps.

	Although this will be a significant improvement over multiplexed 

copper and such, the *one main flaw* in this system is that it's susceptible 

to RF interference.  The point of the original post was to make this point. 

Excuse the vagueness.

	On a related note, AT&T plans to do a small-scale test of this system 

in Chicago sometime in 1997.

Wired may 97

 A Giant Crashes into the Local Loop

     Remember how Washington's technocrats promised to open local telephone 

markets to competition last year? Well, not much has happened.

     At least, not until AT&T plowed into the market.  In March, AT&T 

announced a fixed wireless local-loop technology, codenamed Angel, that will 

take long distance voice and data calls, convert them into digital 

information, and send the data to local destinations via its wireless 

network. Beta testing in Chicago is set for this summer, with a planned 

nationwide rollout in 1998.

     Angel not only bypasses the RBOCs, but AT&T reports it's cheap, too. 

The estimated cost of building a wireless/wireline hybrid would be about 

US$1,000 per customer, $500 less than wireline. "Angel saves AT&T a 

significant amount of money, and it puts them on a faster track to enter the 

market," says Mark Lowenstein of The Yankee Group.

     And this should make the Bells and other local monopolies shudder. AT&T 

is already the largest provider of wireless services in the US with 7 

million cellular subscribers.

     Add to that the $1.7 billion in PCS licenses it acquired last year, and 

this telecom giant is roaring louder than ever.


Wired or Wireless: Whatever Turns You On

By MARK LANDLER


  Technology, says the author and futurist Nicholas Negroponte, is forcing a 

grand switch in the way Americans communicate. Things that used to flow 

through wires -- like telephone conversations -- will soon be transmitted 

via the airwaves. 

  And things that used to come via the airwaves -- like television signals -

- will be carried over wires. There is a switch going on, all right. But 

these days, it seems to be going only one way: from wired to wireless. 

  Last Monday, Rupert Murdoch announced he would invest $1 billion in the 

Echostar Communications Corp., a little-known company that beams crystal-

clear television pictures from satellites to 18-inch dishes clamped on 

rooftops. Unlike other such services, his venture plans to carry local 

television stations, which makes it the first genuine threat to cable TV. 

  The following day, AT&T took the wraps off a new technology it says will 

allow it to offer local phone service by bypassing the sprawling wired 

networks of Nynex and other Baby Bell companies. AT&T would connect your 

home phone to its wireless network by mounting a transmitter the size of a 

pizza box on the side of your house, in effect erasing the distinction 

between a cellular phone and a regular phone. 

  It's enough to make one think wires are going the way of windmills -- and 

that's a terrifying thought for cable and phone companies, which have dug up 

the streets of just about every city, town and hamlet in America, laying in 

copper wire and coaxial cable at a cost of more than $300 billion. 

  "This is like the race between the tortoise and the hare," said David J. 

Roddy, the chief telecommunications economist at the consulting firm 

Deloitte & Touche. "Wireless networks cost about a third of wired networks 

and they can be built in a third of the time." 

  Even politicians and regulators are riding the airwaves. The Federal 

Communications Commission has raised more than $23 billion by slicing up and 

selling the nation's airwaves to new competitors like wireless phone 

companies and satellite-television services. The Clinton administration has 

budgeted $36 billion for auctions of wireless licenses. 

  Before Nynex and Time Warner trade their spades for radio towers, though, 

they should take comfort in a few facts. Wires remain the best way to 

transmit information in a reliable, high-quality way. Despite all the japes 

about poor service, Nynex and other local phone companies routinely connect 

99 percent of all phone calls on the first try. And the sound is excellent. 

  Moreover, many of the wireless wildcatters will find it tough to compete 

with the wired companies, if only because they must build their antennas and 

base stations from scratch, while the incumbents have already sunk most of 

their investment into their networks. 


  "It would be foolhardy to put all your chips on red or black," said Reed 

E. Hundt, the chairman of the FCC. "For example, I believe data is going to 

be one of the biggest businesses of the future. And it will be delivered 

mostly over wired networks." 

  Indeed, after an initial gust of enthusiasm about AT&T's announcement, 

experts looked at it with a gimlet eye. Can AT&T's network of radio antennas 

transmit thousands of calls simultaneously? Is is reliable enough to 

complete 911 calls? 

  "AT&T has been rather sketchy about what this breakthrough actually is," 

said Scott Cleland, an analyst at the Schwab Washington Research Group, an 

investment research firm. 

  The potential flaws in Murdoch's plan are mostly regulatory. He wants to 

launch enough satellites to beam local stations to 75 percent of nation by 

the end of 1998. The trouble is, under current law no satellite service can 

beam local stations into regions where those stations can be received with 

an antenna or by cable. 

  Murdoch stands a good chance of getting that rule struck down. But he 

would still have to pay costly fees to the stations for the right to 

retransmit their fare. And even then, his service might be poorly suited to 

places like New York, where large apartment buildings offer precious few 

places to hang an 18-inch dish. 

  Then there is interactive programming. Satellite services cannot offer 

two-way communication -- allowing a viewer, for example, to order a movie by 

pushing a button on a remote control keypad. 

  The war between wired and wireless isn't a zero sum game. While most of 

the world's communications will still be carried over wires, wireless 

technology is a good plan for developing nations, which have not yet dug up 

their streets or strung millions of miles of wires. Roddy says it could be a 

hit in Asia and Latin America. 

  Wireless is also a vehicle for entrepreneurs to indulge their wildest 

fantasies. Motorola is building a global telephone network that completes 

calls by bouncing them through a necklace of 66 satellites floating 55 miles 

above the earth. 

  And the cellular tycoon Craig O. McCaw and his software counterpart Bill 

Gates want to ring the globe with 840 satellites to transmit data at 

lightning speeds. Just try that with wires. 



Copyright 1997 The New York Times

 AT&T Goes Local by Going Wireless
           by Kristi Coale 

	The Federal Communications Commission said its interconnection rules,

currently in limbo, are still relevant despite a technology AT&T will use to 

enter local phone markets more quickly. 

 	"[AT&T's technology] does eliminate the need to buy unbundled loops," 

said an FCC spokesman. Unbundled loops are essential parts connecting

the home phone to the local phone company's central network. 

	The technology, announced Tuesday, consists of a radio transceiver box 

- a personal base station - that will take voice and data transmissions from 

a home phone, convert them to digital information and send that data across

AT&T's burgeoning Personal Communications System (PCS) wireless network, 

bypassing most of the local telephone networks. 

      AT&T has been developing this technology in-house for three years. It 

is now being tested in Chicago. The technology, fixed wireless, use a

combination of wireless technologies including spread spectrum to transmit 

data at 128 kilobits per second across a small slice of the PCS spectrum. To 

do this, AT&T acquired additional PCS capacity in the FCC auctions. 

      Still, the technology will not give AT&T an entire network of its own. 

"It's a minor bypass of the interconnection agreements but it doesn't

ultimately allow them to avoid tying into the local exchange carrier's 

network. There's a handoff from local subscriber to the local exchange

carrier no matter what," said the FCC spokesman. 

      Just how much that handoff will cost is still an issue to be hashed 

out by the FCC or, more likely, state regulators. The FCC attempted to

set prices in its rules for opening local telephone networks issued last 

August. But last October, a federal circuit court in St. Louis, Missouri, 

ruled that the FCC overstepped its bounds by setting prices for resale or 

purchase of parts of the local phone networks. The Supreme Court upheld the

stay and is currently hearing arguments on the merits of the rules. 

      Entry into the local phone market is a sticky issue for carriers such 

as AT&T, MCI, and others because the local networks have been built and            

are owned by the incumbent local carriers such as the Baby Bells and GTE. 

The FCC and state egulators have fashioned two alternatives for new local 

carriers to enter these markets quickly buy complete access from the 

incumbent to resell, or buy access to part of the network to connect to its 

own facilities. 

      A third alternative - building a new network from scratch - is not 

seen as a realistic option, articularly when companies would have to put            

their copper or fiber into the ground. But by tying home phones into a 

wireless network, AT&T has provided itself with a cheaper way to use its own            

network. 

      Building a wireline network costs at least US$1,500 per subscriber, 

said Mark Lowenstein, vice president of wireless research for The Yankee 

Group, a Boston-based research firm.

      By contrast, building a fixed wireless network costs under $1,000 per 

subscriber, he said. 

      Lowenstein said the development will definitely make local phone 

competition interesting in the near term. AT&T is the biggest provider of           

wireless services in the United States with 7 million subscribers, and it 

has more capacity along its networks than other companies, he said. 

      "It saves them a significant amount of money ... it puts them on a 

faster track to enter the market," Lowenstein said. 

      Following in AT&T's steps will be difficult, too. The Tecommunications 

giant has filed patents for its techniques that increase the capacity of its           

spectrum and optimize the data for transport over high-capacity fiber. 

      Nonetheless, the Bells are undaunted. They, too, are keen to this idea 

of substituting wireless networks for the copper and fiber, mostly           

because it saves them money. For example, a spokesman for Pacific Telesis 

said the carrier is looking to use wireless to enter local phone markets in 

Southern California that are currently served by GTE.  

 

AT&T's breakthrough wireless technology new alternative
for local service 

WASHINGTON -- AT&T today announced the invention of a revolutionary fixed 

wireless technology to carry high-speed digital communications directly to 

most households across the country at many times the capacity of traditional 

copper wire. 

	This technology breakthrough will give AT&T an important new option 

for competing to provide local service over its own facilities. 

	During the past two years, AT&T has acquired through FCC auctions the 

licenses for the 10 MHz radio spectrum it needs to provide the new 

technology to customers in more than 93 percent of the United States. 

	In remarks before the National Association of Regulatory Utility 

Commissioners here, AT&T President John Walter said, "We are announcing the 

creation of what we believe will be the communications medium for the 21st 

century. 

	"This is the first major technology breakthrough for the new AT&T, 

continuing the company's heritage of innovation and positioning AT&T as the 

communications leader for the next century." 

	Developed jointly by AT&T Wireless Services and AT&T Labs, the new 

technology is a fixed wireless system that can provide consumers high-

quality, secure wireless communications to and from their homes at speeds 

many times faster than existing telephone lines. The fixed wireless system

will initially provide each household with two phone lines and the 

capability for high-speed Internet access at 128 kilobits per second. The 

technology includes sophisticated encryption capability to protect 

consumers' privacy and prevent fraud. 

	Consumers will be able to use their existing touch-tone wired 

telephones and keep their current phone numbers. The new technology will 

give consumers the ability to use their wireless phones as extensions in 

their homes at local service rates. They also can use the same wireless 

phones for mobile service in areas served by AT&T's wireless network, paying 

mobility rates. 

	The new system will connect a consumer's home to an AT&T digital 

switching center via a neighborhood antenna mounted on a utility pole or 

other structure. A single antenna will serve up to 2,000 homes. The only new 

equipment required on the customer's house is a transceiver about the

size of a pizza box that can be mounted on the side or back of a house. 

Engineers at AT&T Wireless Services began developing the new system in 1994; 

the company will begin a beta test in metropolitan Chicago later this year. 

AT&T Wireless Services is already manufacturing components for the system at 

its facilities in Redmond, Wash. 

	For the new fixed wireless system, the company said it has filed 

patents for techniques that greatly increase the capacity of a small slice 

of the wireless radio spectrum (10MH) and make use of radio frequencies 

multiple times in the same area. The techniques optimize fixed wireless 

service and concentrate it for transport over high-capacity fiber optic 

lines. The new fixed wireless technology is compatible with all of AT&T's 

existing wireline and wireless networks. 

	"We are combining the high speeds, large capacities and top voice 

quality that people have come to expect from fiber optics, but we're doing 

it over radio waves," explained the system's lead developer Nick Kauser, who 

is chief technology officer at AT&T Wireless Services and vice president of

AT&T Labs. "In effect, we've created a wireless fiber optic system -- 

something no one else has done." 

	Future uses of the new system may include faster data services and 

full-motion videoconferencing. 

 Ocean County Phone Punx
			Proud owners of the 732 NPA
                                 