                   Ocean County Phone Punx Presents
			       OCPP04
			  October 26, 1997
                         

                                                                               
                              Contents
                           Intro - Mohawk                        
                          PNM Plus - Mohawk
                     Test Numbers - Doctor Seuss
                       Merger Madness - Mohawk
                    Credit Card Numbers - The Carder    
                          Phone Cards - Mohawk
                            Busted - Mohawk
                               Letters          
                                 News


Intro-Mohawk


	We made it past the third issue.  We just keep growing and our 

popularity has grown tremendously.  We knew we would gradually gain 

readership but not at that rate.  As always we owe it all to our readers.  

Thanks to the people that put the link to our page on theirs and to those 

people that e-mailed us. These past two months have been very hectic.  Phear 

is back from his little .. um.. vacation, the Assassin's legal trouble 

mounts (more on that later), another semester of college started, work, on 

tour with the band and every thing else.  Nevertheless we have a new issue 

with what is probably one of our best articles that will ever be written.  

An article about the Payphone Network Manager program for COCOT's.  Also in 

this issue we have 2 new sections:  Busted and Letters.  These sections are 

small because they were a last minute addition.  In the next issue they 

should be alot bigger.  Speaking of out next issue, OCPP05 which will be out 

in December,  should be one of our biggest issues so far.  If everything 

goes right, OCPP will be published monthly starting in January.  To deal 

with this we need a more complete staff.  We mostly need writers but we also 

need people for public relations, editing, news, and many other positions.  

For information on a position mail us.



PNM Plus-Mohawk

	You call up a COCOT, it rings and rings.  Your about to hang up and 

you hear those oh so familiar tones.  A modem?  On a COCOT, but what for?  

The answer is for the Payphone Network Manager, or PNM.  PNM is a program 

that works right off your PC to help the owner of the COCOT manage his 

payphone network. The version we will be talking about is called PNM Plus 

for use on Elcotel payphones.  PNM Plus provides automated support for many 

of the essential business functions required to manage and maintain a 

network of intelligent payphones.  I will be discussing various aspects of 

the program.


Minimum System Requirements
IBM Compatible
486,33mhz
8MB RAM
10 MB Hard Disk Memory
Modem 1200 baud
-note your higher speed modem will work just as well

  The built-in features of PNM Plus enable you to:

·	Examine the operating conditions and parameters of your payphones

·	Transmit operating parameters and rate information to your phones

·	Upload key status information from your phones for use in managing 
      the phones

·	Establish and manage poll lists to automatically manage your phones

·	Maintain important information about the organization of your phone 
      network, including routes, sites, technician assignments, customer 
      names, and contract information

·	Record and track problems associated with your phones

·	Record and track expenses and revenues associated with individual 
      phones

·	Calculate commission payments 



The four main components are



Poll Manager: The Poll Manager manages the communications functions required 

to automatically manage your payphone network. The Poll Manager receives and 

processes all incoming phone calls from your payphones as well as initiating 

calls to your phones on a scheduled basis. The Poll Manager can handle 

multiple modem and telephone lines at the same time.


Report Generator: The Report Generator enables you to build management 

information reports based on your database of payphone information.


Utilities: The Utilities module provides the tools necessary to manage the 

database PNM Plus uses to store information about your payphones. The 

Utilities include tools to back up and restore key files and programs used 

by the system, tools to import and export information to or from other 

applications, tools to purge unnecessary information from the system, tools 

to clean up existing databases, tools to upgrade existing databases, and 

tools to change the ANI of a group of phones. 


The Operator Console:  The Operator Console is the primary user interface 

to PNM Plus. The Operator Console lets you manage the daily operation of your 

payphone by providing you with access to the majority of PNM Plus functions. 

PNM Plus functions include phone management, entry of business information, 

maintenance of poll lists, tracking of payphone problems, and management of 

operational files for the payphones.


The Functions of the main menu are:

	Payphone Administration, Business Administration, Poll List 

Maintenance, Service Management, and Configuration Management



Payphone Administration

	Payphone Administration includes all phone database administration, 

including all payphone and associated site, customer, contract, technician, 

and route information.


It enables you to:


Enter and modify information about your payphones

Maintain information about the sites where the phones are installed

Assign and modify Register and Options settings for your phones

Assign sites and phones to routes

Maintain information about your technicians, including access numbers and 
route assignments



Business Administration


	Business Administration includes all data relating to the Customer and 

related Contracts, Commissions, and account management.


It enables you to:


Enter and maintain information about your customers, including names, 
addresses, and telephone numbers

Record information about the Contracts for your phones

Record and track expenses and revenues associated with individual payphones

Maintain commission plans and formulas for calculating commission amounts

Calculate commissions based on selected payphone expenses and revenues




Poll List Maintenance


Poll List Maintenance includes definitions of poll list commands, phones, 
and scheduling of polling.


It enables you to:

Make Poll Lists that perform updates or collect information from your phones

Determine the dates and times the lists will be performed by the Poll 
Manager

Review and charge the list of phones on a Poll List



Service Management


Service Management includes payphone servicing, Customer complaint management, 
and the help desk


It enables you to:


View reported alarms from your payphones

View lists of phones that could not be conducted during polling

View the history of contact information  for each payphone

Open work orders and track repair actions to resolve maintenance problems

Record Customer complaints and refund requests

View diagnostic information collected from your payphones



Configuration Management


Configuration management allows you to customize PNM Plus to your needs


It allows you to:


Edit Register and Option templates

Edit Rate files

Create and edit Speed Dial files

Create and edit Priority parsing files

Create and edit custom call processing macros for your payphones

Make charges to a group of phones

Customize the operation of your system




The Poll Manager

	The Poll Manager is responsible for contracting your payphones and 

uploading and downloading information.  The Poll Manager is also capable of 

receiving call initiated by payphones in response to alarm conditions or 

local telemetry requests.  Information obtained during information exchanges 

with the payphones is stored in the database for use by other PNM Plus 

applications.


	It operates by managing all polling processes for all Poll Lists 

defined in the Operator Console.  The Poll Manager runs separately from the 

Operator Console, but requires the poll data that is entered through the 

Operator Console.



The management functions in Poll manager include:


Configuration of the serial ports connected to modems

Configurations of the Poll Manager System

Poll List Information online display, including description and status of
the poll lists and the status and progress of the communications to the 
phones in the poll lists



The Report Generator


	The PNM Plus Report Generator consists of a collection of report 

templates payphone information.  PNM Plus Reports can be processed at any 

time and can be scheduled at any time.  You have the option to select the 

destination of the report, a PC monitor, file, or a printer.



The Navigation Screen


	The Navigation Screen is where you can add, update, and delete 

payphone information.  It provides you with a summary view of each major 

component of managing a payphone environment, which includes:


The ANI of your payphone

The site where the payphone is located

The technician assigned to the site and the route he has assigned to the site

The customer who owns the site where your phone is located and the status of

The contract between you and the customer



Setting Payphone Registers and Options


	Registers and Options are the instructions you want the phone to 

follow.  You can instruct your phone to report specific alarms and to 

disallow 976 calls.  Registers are instructions you assign a numerical 

value, and Options are instructions you can turn on or off.  You can set the 

current phones registers and options to look like those of another phone of 

like those of a template.  


Reasons for setting a phones registers and options to match another phone:

You are adding a second phone to a location and need to make it identical  
to the first except for the ANI and Phone ID.

You are installing a new phone in a neighborhood where another phone has
worked well with its registers settings, so you want to start the new phone
with the same values as that phone.

Settings of a phone have been changed and you want to set the registers and 
options back to the values in a template or to that of another phone.


Assigning a Program File


	If you need to upgrade your phone to a newer version of software, you 

can replace the chip in your phone containing the software.  However, with 

PNM Plus you can write over the chip through the Phone Detail Screen.



Elcotel On-Line Bulletin Board (EOL BBS)

	Elcotel On-line is an electronic bulletin board service for the use of 

Elcotel customers and is accessible through PNM.  It's main function is to 

download rate files.  It also provides access to software uploads, technical 

information, industry news,  as well as access to the technical support 

department.  



Summary


Elcotel payphones provide the ability to perform the following tasks:


Detect alarms and conditions that place the phone out of service

Reconfigure the way the payphone operates

Set new rates for various call types

Diagnose problems on the phone

Ways to control the phone:

Directly pressing keys on the phone's keypad to set the phone's options and
features

Calling the phone and sending commands to the remote phone from the local
keypad

Calling the phone from PNM Plus and sending electronic commands and data 
to the payphone



PNM Plus allows you to:


Send new rates to the payphone

Send new priority parsing information

Send new Speed Dial patterns and prices to the payphones

Update the phone's program version

Update the payphone's Registers and Options values

Collect alarm and status information

Collect SMDR information



Test Numbers-Doctor Seuss

											
	Well its finally happened, another batch of area codes have run short 

on numbers. So again, Bellcore has decided its time to shave some LATAs 

off the older NPAs and assigning them to new area codes. While POTS 

lines usually have no problem swallowing these changes, PBX equipment is 

notoriously flaky for stalling while trying to get through to new 

area codes. To try and identify problems, RBOCs set up test lines which 

terminate in recorded announcements; confirming that the new area code was 

reached successfully.

1-240-999-8378
1-246-809-4200
1-250-372-0124
1-268-268-4482
1-281-792-8378
1-320-252-0090
1-330-783-2330
1-334-223-0600
1-352-848-0517
1-360-532-0023
1-423-283-4424
1-423-594-9040
1-423-634-1928
1-441-295-7606
1-443-999-8378
1-450-443-1836
1-450-443-2739
1-520-782-0100
1-530-444-0530
1-540-829-9910
1-541-334-0057
1-561-615-8484
1-562-317-0317
1-573-792-8378
1-626-777-0626
1-630-204-1204
1-650-777-0650
1-664-491-0025
1-773-838-1204
1-757-627-1615
1-758-785-8242
1-760-200-0760
1-760-400-0760
1-760-600-0760
1-765-281-6988 
1-770-666-9999
1-773-904-1204
1-787-756-9399 				
1-847-958-1204
1-860-203-0950
1-868-809-8378
1-941-959-1650
1-949-777-0949
1-954-236-4242
1-970-241-0022
1-972-792-8378


Merger Madness-Mohawk


	The telecommunications industry looks to be following in the footsteps 

of Bell Atlantic and Nynex.  This time however everything isn't so cut and 

dry. MCI has placed itself on the auction block.  As of now GTE, Worldcom 

and British Telecom have all made bids to take over the telecom giant.


	But who wins and who loses in all of these mergers?  What are the 

effects it has on the industry and the customers?  Obviously the company who 

wins the bid wins and the ones that don't lose.  But is goes far beyond the 

companies who made the bids.  The customers can also feel the effects of a 

mega-merger. New and better technology is one thing to be gained as the 

combination of ideas and technology yield better products and services.  

	However, mergers of such proportions can lead into monopolies thus 

eliminating Competition.  This in turn raises prices.  The FCC says they 

will regulate the industry to provide fair competition, but so far progress 

of long distance companies entering the local market and Baby Bells entering 

the long distance market is moving at less than a snails pace.

	When such mergers occur, those companies who are bidding and the 

companies that they are bidding for must higher small investment banks to 

advise them throughout the bidding war.  These small companies are the 

biggest winners by far.  They have to determine how much a business is worth 

and how to pay for it.  Even though they get only 1/2 percent of the deals 

value, the fees are still staggering.  The bell Atlantic/Nynex merger 

generated fees of 60 million.  The MCI merger could generate fees of over 

100 million.

	As of now MCI is still weighing it's options.  They will comment on 

all offers made to them.  Once the MCI deal is done, look for other 

companies such as ATT, Sprint and any companies who bid for MCI but lost to 

try to find a company to merge with.  Will we ever see a telecom industry 

just go out of business or will they simply merge with another company to 

become a new household name.  Sadly it is the latter, but how interesting 

would it be to see ATT say "were closing"?  We will cover the merger as it 

progresses in future issues.




Credit card numbers-The Carder

(I wasn't going to publish this, but I figured it is a good example of how 
someone can trick you into giving away your info when people claim how the 
safe the internet is.  This proves that you never know who you're dealing
with no matter how real it may seem)


	We all want good credit card numbers, right?  Sure we all do.  Wait is 

that the money store?  Anyway, Credit card numbers are a much sort after 

prize.  This can be a very tedious task as well as risky.  Wouldn't it be 

great if people just emailed you their credit card numbers with all their 

info?  Yeah, like that would ever happen.  Well it can.


	First off, you need to find a product that everyone is buying.  Fads 

come and go so it shouldn't be hard to find something, especially around the 

holidays. Once you have that, find a web page that sells it.   Download the 

whole page and all it's graphics.  You need to know a little bit of HTML but 

if your clueless there's tons of documents to teach you.  Change it to a 

text file and edit the URL's and email address to match the one's you'll be 

using.  Also change the prices if you can to about 25% lower than the 

original price. Don't make it to low or people will get suspicious.



	Upload the page and graphics to one of those free webpage services, 

there's plenty to choose from. Now you need an email address,  Same thing as 

the webpage, find a free email service and set up an account.  Make sure you 

changed the email address on the your page to go to your new email account, 

that tends to help.


	Now you have to advertise.  Flood the hell out of every Newsgroup you 

can.  If you have one of those mass email programs that works well, if not 

just rip off some mailing lists from all that spam is your mail box.  Never 

advertise off the net.  That helps the cops figure out where your located.  

After you got a decent amount of CC numbers delete the page and email 

account.  Never get greedy.



Phone cards-Mohawk


(Since I published the previous article I figures I should tie it into 

phreaking someway or another.  Might as well expose another system flaw)


	Just about every gas station and convenience store has one of those 

phone cards you where you pay 10 dollars for 30 minutes.   Now they even 

have International phone cards.  Buy the cheapest one you can get.  On the 

back of almost all of them there is a 800 number you can call to add more 

time.  You can usually add as much time as you want.  Use your new credit 

card numbers to add a few hours.  Now you can call all over the world 

without worrying if your box will work.  Make sure you go to a 

payphone when you do it.



Busted-Mohawk


	In the busted section we will report on hackers/phreakers who have 

recently been busted.  All reports will be in much detail as possible.  At 

the end I will point out what he did wrong and how he could of avoided it.


As seen on channel 7 (exact transcript)


	A long island college student, is under arrest tonight charged in a

phone scam, it looks like his get rich scheme did nothing but get him in 

trouble, NJ Burkett has details


NJ Burkett - Scott Vanpalla is a 21 year old community college student, 

charged tonight with harassment and fraud.  He hid his face from 

photographers, yet smiled for his official police mug shot.  Investigators 

say he was smart but not smart enough. Prosecutors say he set up a 540 

number and told NYNEX he wanted any one who called it to be charged 95 cents 

a call. Then police say he got his hands on literally hundreds of pager 

numbers.  Prosecutors say it went on for over 2 months.  


	Denis Dillon (Nassau county district attorney) - He called mostly the 

doctors that went to a hospital at one night and of course when they went to 

the hospital the next day and started comparing notes you know what a 

strange night they had they got this call, they thought it was a heart 

attack victim or whatever and the other doctor's would say I had the same 

thing happen.


	NJB - No one caught on until detectives say they paged the wrong guy 

namely Ray Heppern a white collar crimes investigator in the DA's office.

	Ray H - I returned the call and I got a busy signal.	

	NJB -  the busy signal made ray suspicious after a little bit of 

digging he says, he figured out the Scott Vanpalla had programmed his 

personal computer to page people at random all day and all night. 


	DD - I think he's an Imaginative kid unfortunately it a bad use of his 

imagination If he keeps using it that way he'll be spending a good part of 

his time in state prison.

	NJB - Scott Vanpalla could face up to five years in prison prosecutors 

say he made up to $4000 in just ten weeks and they say they're still trying 

to figure out where he got all those pager numbers NJ Burkett channel 7 

eyewitness news.  

	That's pretty damn slick.  I don't remember seeing that anywhere so I 

wonder if he made it himself or he read it somewhere in a zine of something.  

The way I see it if he was smart enough to think this up he would of been 

smart enough not to get caught.  This is a good example of why we say for 

informational purposes only.  As far as where he got all those pager numbers 

OCPP01?  If he did he didn't read OCPP02.  He would of known not to get 

greedy.  Also don't do stuff like this from your house.  He could of used a 

payphone to page people.  If he would of payed 20 cents a phone call for 95 

cents a minute he still makes 75 cents and if you find a 1-800 number system 

like 1800 mcipage it would of been free.  If you ever do something like this 

don't do it for ten weeks strait.



	While were talkin about getting busted, the Assassin's legal trouble 

mounts.  He is kind of like our hitman. He is the one that thought of the 

gas station scam in OCPP02.  Well if anyone was considering trying this, he 

has gotten caught.  He did it for a while and then stopped after making over 

a thousand dollars.  He started again but was really sloppy about it.  He 

got charged with theft by deception instead of credit card fraud because he 

knew the cops.  There has been no court date set.  We will keep you posted 

if any of you are still alive by the time this actually goes to court.





Letters

	Announce meetings, tell an intresting story, ask a question, respond 

to questions/articles or whatever, just send us your letters.  Make sure you 

provide your handle and if you would like your email address to be posted, 

please specify it.  We answered and deleted most of our mail because this

was a last minute addition.  Upcomming issues will have more and better 

letters.



Connecting to the Internet


Does any body know how to connect to the Internet for virtually nothing. I

live only 250 meters away from a university. I have seen all their

satellites and radio transmitters. What are they for? how does the

university connect all its computers to the Internet. Is it by radio? If it

is can somebody tell me how I can connect to it as well. 


[Steal an account?  Are you that cheap that you can't afford 10 bucks a
month? Thier transmitters are probably for thier radio and TV station.  
Internet by radio?]



Found some stuff


Wassup i just had a nother line put in when the guy was screwing around in

the attic i ganked   3 thick phones they got 4 switches on them labeled 

test,tone,volume,control so i hooked it up to my out side box and i was

funin around with the switches  the test makes a series of beeps and the

tone goes from pulse to tone to some weird other shit that when i hit

somthing like the # then a number it takes me to some thing where people 

call me like an operator? this was kinda kool cause i did this at a 

fortress by splicing their wires and cussing people out n e ways do you 

know what else i can do with it went to a big lite green box that was missing 

the lock so i opened and it had 5 rows of silver bolts and 10 bolts per 

well i looks like this X5 ROWS i think each 2 digonal \ bolts is some ones

lines!
                                               

and another thing i got a box thing with phone buttons or the numbers on

one and 4 things lead out a thick phone chord   2 wires with metal poles on 

the end red and green and a regular phone chord!

[This is the most poorly written letter I have ever gotten.  I'll try to 
decipher the broken english.  It sounds like he stole some lineman handsets.  
I'm not gonna sit here and explain how to use them, if you don't know how to 
beige you shouldn't be here.  As far as the green box it sounds like he's 
talking about a pedestal terminal.  He included a bad ascii drawing of one.  
As far as what to do with that, read Dust's file on Beige boxing located in 
the text file section.]



News


From Lucent Technologies Today

Solution to the Millennium Bug?-  A 14 year old New Zealand boy claims he 

has designed a program to topple the millennium bug.  Nicholas Johnson, a 

kid who has tinkered with puzzles since he was a toddler, is keeping his 

information under tight wraps and will not divulge how the program works, 

pending a patent.  Andrew Siddall, a computer analyst, studied the solution 

and considers it "a remarkable breakthrough."




Sprint Logical Choice for Merger 

                         By Margaret Stafford 
                         Associated Press Writer 
                     
-- In the recent spate of mergers, buyouts and rumored deals involving the 

nation's telecommunications companies, Sprint Corp., the third-largest

long-distance carrier in the country, has been conspicuously missing. A law 

passed in February 1996 that largely deregulated the U.S. industry has 

prompted several blockbuster telecommunications deals, such as a bidding war 

between GTE Corp., British Telecommunications PLC and WorldCom Inc. for MCI 

Communications Corp. Rumors also have circulated that AT&T Corp. was 

discussing purchasing GTE Corp. Sprint's absence from that game could end in 

the next year or two, analysts said Tuesday. 

	"I will hardly be surprised if in the next 12 months or so we hear 

about a deal for Sprint or involving Sprint in some big way," said Scott 

Wright, a telecommunications analyst with Argus Research in New York. 

	The holdup for Sprint may be that France Telecom and Deutsch Telecom 

each own 10 percent of the company. Until the end of 1998, that gives those 

companies disapproval rights for any major acquisition or divestiture that 

Sprint contemplates. 

	As Europe begins to deregulate its industry, the French and German 

companies might try to raise their stake in Sprint, said Raghu Ram, senior 

vice president for telecom research for Wheat First Butcher Singer in New 

York. 

	Ram said foreign ownership rules require reciprocal markets in

U.S. and foreign countries before international deals can be finalized. For 

example, British Telecom was able to bid on MCI because that country's 

markets are more open to U.S.companies than either France or Germany, he 

said. 

	When the World Trade Organization Agreement takes effect in January of 

1998, those rules will be relaxed and markets in all  countries should be 

more open, Ram said. 

	"That means we can look at Sprint as a logical choice to be involved 

in some sort of deal toward the end of 1998 or early 1999,'' he said. 

	Ram said it is possible a U.S. company could be interested in Sprint, 

but any major company probably will wait to see how the other communications 

deals work out. 

	Sprint has not been sitting idle in recent years. It has made

acquisitions of its own, such as a buyout in May of Paranet,and has 

instituted a nationwide wireless phone network, Sprint PCS. It also has 

started Global One with the French and German companies and recently formed 

a partnership in China.

	But it may be most attractive to a suitor because of its strong

long-distance network, growing share of the local phone market and a 

reputation as a well-managed company, Ram said. 

	Bill White, a spokesman for Sprint, declined to speculate on a

potential national or international acquisition. But he said company 

officials believe they have built a strong portfolio to keep shareholders 

happy and compete with the two larger companies, AT&T and MCI. 


	"We really feel good about where we are," White said. "We are very 

well positioned to create a significant amount of value for our shareholders 

if we execute well in the future."

      Wright said Sprint's position as the third-largest long-distance

carrier also might make it attractive. 

	"There are only three main entrees into the U.S. market, and

one of those (MCI) is already on the block," he said. "AT&T is a big bite. 

Sprint might not be quite as big a bite, and it would bring immediate good 

markets to anyone who took it over or became a partner."

	But all the speculation may not be meaningful in the new world of 

telecommunications, Wright said. "The sky is absolutely the limit in this 

industry now," he said. "None of the companies are too big and there is a 

lot of available capital that might choose to fund huge mergers, rather

than invest in high-risk overseas ventures. 

	"All the pieces are in place to assure that for the next couple of 

years at least, there will be a number of large and small deals,including 

some bidding wars."



AT&T tests new '00' INFO directory assistance service 


Directory assistance the way customers really want it 


BASKING RIDGE, N.J. -- AT&T today announced a market trial of its new AT&T 

"00" INFO(sm) (Double-0 Info) national directory assistance service that 
allows AT&T customers to obtain a telephone listing for any place in the 
United States with one simple phone call -- even if they don't have the area 
code or exact city. 

	The "00" INFO service trial begins today in Seattle, Denver, Phoenix, 

Minneapolis, and Portland, Ore. 

	In marked contrast to the industry trend to provide fully automated 

directory assistance, AT&T "00" INFO Service features personal, courteous, 

helpful service from specially trained AT&T information assistants who will 

stay on the line for the entire call. From the moment they greet the customer

by introducing themselves, AT&T assistants are there to help customers 

simplify their lives, by searching for a directory listing with as little 

information as a partial name and a locality or state. And AT&T

assistants will stay with the customer through the end of the call when they 

provide the requested information. 

	"We're providing directory assistance the way customers really want 

it," said Howard McNally, vice president of AT&T Consumer Markets Division. 

"AT&T is bringing back the personal touch. Not only will we stay on the line 

with our customers, but we'll do everything in our power to meet their

needs -- using enhanced search features to find the listings they want, and 

even the address and zip code, if that's what they need." 

	AT&T "00" INFO takes directory assistance to a higher level of 

customer service, providing a renewed emphasis on personal service that is 

supported by several new search capabilities: 

     A new expanded search capability allows AT&T information assistants to      

extend a directory  search to surrounding communities when they can't find a 

requested listing in a designated city  or town -- even if the caller 

doesn't know what those communities are. 

     A keyword search function allows AT&T information assistants to search 

for a business listing when the caller doesn't know the full or exact name 

of the business. This search will find the listing if the keyword appears 

anywhere in the name. 

	AT&T's new "00" INFO Service makes it easier for callers to use 

directory assistance. They no longer need to remember multiple numbers for 

directory assistance. And they don't need to know the area code. Customers 

need only dial one simple number to reach an AT&T information assistant

who will help them find telephone listings anywhere in the United States. 

	During the market trial, AT&T is offering the new AT&T "00" INFO 

Service at the same 95-cent price that it charges for conventional directory 

assistance. With "00" INFO Service customers can get unlimited listings per 

call, but pay 95-cents for every two listings. 

	AT&T customers in the five test markets can use "00" INFO from their 

home phones, or when they are away from home, by dialing 1-800-CALL-ATT® (1-

800-225-5288). 

	The AT&T "00" INFO directory assistance service trial is limited to 

listings in the United States.



AT&T extends '00' Info service trial to 23 states and AT&T Calling Card users 


AT&T Brings Back Personal Service to Directory Assistance 


BASKING RIDGE, N.J. -- AT&T today announced that it will extend the market 

trial of its new "Double-0 Info" national directory assistance service to 23 

states and to all AT&T Calling Card customers nationwide. The new AT&T "00" 

INFO(sm) Service allows AT&T customers to obtain a telephone listing for any 

place in the United States with one simple phone call -- even if they don't

have the area code or exact city. 

	The extended "00" INFO residential service trial begins today for all 

AT&T customers in Alabama, Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Iowa, 

Kentucky, Louisiana, Minnesota, Mississippi, Montana, Nebraska, New Mexico, 

North Carolina, North Dakota, Oregon, South Carolina, South Dakota, 

Tennessee, Utah, Washington and Wyoming. 

	In addition, all AT&T Calling Card customers can use "00" INFO by 

dialing 1-800-CALL-ATT®. 



Cell Phone Service links toll free calls


	Toll free calling is finally coming to wireless phones more than a 

dozen years after the first cellular network was launched.

	Most consumers now pay an average $1 a call for the 1-800 and 1-888 

calls they place with wireless phones, and that adds up to billions of 

dollars a year.  The reason:  Most carriers in the highly fragmented 

wireless sector have been unable to offer toll free service because they 

can't set standard prices or share 800 numbers.  The cost of a wireless call 

varies from company to company, market to market.  

	A new company called Toll free cellular has been testing it's service 

for 2 years.  Now it is taking its service nationwide with a new billing 

system.  It sells it's service to over 1000 companies.  Customers can use it 

as long as their carrier they subscribe to has a contract with them.



Payphone Companies can now charge any fee

	A new law allows payphone companies to charge whatever they want for 

coin-operated local calls.  In the near future I could cost 25 cents to use 

a phone on one corner but 50 cents across town.  The law also allows pay 

phone companies to charge by the minute for local calls, something most 

state regulators had banned until now.



