
.ili.   Devil Shat Five   .ili. 
-------------------------------


   Why We Got Kicked Off ............................. by Disobey


This is Devil Shat Five released on 06/11/97. Devil Shat is published by
Disobey and is protected under all copyright laws. All of the issues are
archived at the Disobey website: http://www.disobey.com/

Submissions, email, and news should be sent to morbus@disobey.com. Your
comments are welcome. What do you want us to write about? Send an email
and let us know.

Even the devil returns.


--------------------------------- 
.ili. Why We Got Kicked Off .ili.
--------------------------------- by Morbus

Whether we got kicked off AOL for a legitimate reason is still in
question by us, and some others. So, what follows below is a log of
events that happened before and after the incident.

Couple of Days Before Releasing Devil Shat Four:

We had gotten email from AOL giving the TOS rules for hosting a business
through AOL. Much of what the "rules" said was garbled and full of a
bunch of different interpretations. So, we sent email back to them
asking for clarification and further answers and ruling. Since the TOS
was only sent to the Morbus account instead of the actual "master"
account, that indicated that it was not actually a TOS violation but
more of a reminder. We never received any email back from TOSGeneral.

At this time, the idea of doing the PAWM thing popped in our heads. We
knew it would be controversial, but we didn't see anything legally wrong
with any of the TOS rulings. So we went ahead with it. We did our best
to make it as obvious and blatant as possible that what we felt about
this was only hatred and worse. We even entitled the piece "this is
sick". Indications could not get any more clearer than that. FOR THOSE
OF YOU WHO STILL DON'T GET IT, WE ARE NOT RACISTS. IN FACT, WE ARE QUITE
THE OPPOSITE. WE MIGHT BE CONSIDERED LEFT WING RADICAL ANTI RACIST
TERRORISTS.

Release of Devil Shat Four:

The mailing went well, no hitches or complications. We got the expected
"you nazi bastards" back and "unsubscribe me, you aryan pig." We also
got the (surprising) support of what we had said, and how many people
agreed with us. Any doubt about whether releasing this was a bad idea
left our mind.

The Day After Releasing Devil Shat Four:

Couldn't get on our account today. Hmmmm. Called up AOL. And here is
where it get's interesting. The person on the other end of the line was
some Southerner (no prejudice here) who seemed to be confused about the
whole thing. He said we had gotten terminated for "malicious mischief"
which I assumed he meant for Devil Shat Four. He later confirmed that,
and then said that we would never get our account back.

So, since this guy didn't have his act together, we called the service
line again, waited fifteen minutes to be connected to this other guy. We
talked and eventually he came around to telling us that we had been
terminated for "racist propaganda" and too many "TOS violations". Well,
we had a field day with this one. Firstly, we tried to get more info
about this racist propaganda thingy doo. He quite simply told us that
"spreading hate mail" was a violation of TOS. Wha? After more
discussion, we came to the following conclusion. Someone (whom we are
going to take the liberties of assuming was an Aryan) took Devil Shat
Four, removed all of our comments regarding the PAWM and other articles
and began distributing it himself, portraying disobey as a nazi party.
We almost laughed at this, and then we realized how angry it made us. We
would love to find this guy. If you have any more information, then send
it on over to us.

And then we got to the "TOS violations" part. We had violated it too
many times, huh? Well, we asked for what. Two times for being in
"illegal rooms", which we were well aware of, and then a third time for
massmailing, and then finally the "racist propaganda" (which we still
couldn't convince him otherwise of). So we backed up. Massmailing?
Apparently, he continued, TOS had sent us information on what we could
and could not do for a business online. Yes, they did send us that, we
argued, but not to the master account, which is the only one (if any)
TOS violations should be sent to. We argued this up and down with no
avail. Quite simply, the guy was being an asshole. So we hung up in
rage.

Well, the next day, we tried again. We called them up, and attempted to
have all our email rerouted to our new address. No deal. Hmm.. this is a
family community? Ah twell. Really no big deal. We could adjust.

Couple of Weeks Later:

AOL calls us up and offers us 50 free hours to renew our account. Lady
starts crying as we proceed to vent all our frustration at her. We do
not like AOL.

And Now The Moral Of The Story:

We used to like AOL. See, we never understood why people could hate it
so much. AOL has some great features, and a much friendlier environment
then the "harsh" internet where very often all you get is a "RTFM" (read
the fucking manual). AOL had its advantages (chat rooms, message
boards, the games, and the file directories) and its disadvantages
(busy lines, slooow internet, cheesy graphics, shoddy workmanship, and a
tendency to attract hackers) but it was never something of dislike for
us.

Yet because of this little episode, AOL has lost a great trust in us.
Sure, we'll still use it if the opportunity comes along (right now,
we're beta testing their AOL Instant Messenger software at their
website) but their really horrible administrative services have left us
a little disillusioned with how great they once were.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
The website edition includes images, a nice design, and all of the email
we have received about this issue. Go there and um, er, have fun:

   http://www.disobey.com/devilshat/

Copyright 1997-1999 Disobey. You may not steal, maim, hold for ransom,
kill, or rape any part of this issue.

   http://www.disobey.com/
   
   TO SUBSCRIBE:  morbus@disobey.com  SUBJECT: Subscribe Devil Shat
  TO UNSUBSCRIBE: morbus@disobey.com  SUBJECT: Unsubscribe Devil Shat   
------------------------------------------------------------------------
