
.ili.   Devil Shat Thirty Two   .ili.
-------------------------------------


   REBUTTAL: Legalize ALL Drugs? No!, Part One ........ by Morbus
   G. Nih Ton Saves You, Part Two ................. by g. nih ton
   

This is Devil Shat Thirty Two released on 07/30/98. Devil Shat is
published by Disobey and is protected under all copyright laws. All of
the issues are archived at the Disobey website: http://www.disobey.com/

Submissions, email, and news should be sent to morbus@disobey.com. Your
comments are welcome. What do you want us to write about? Send an email
and let us know.

I bleed, you bleed, we all scream for blood.


-------------------------------------------------------
.ili. REBUTTAL: Legalize ALL Drugs? No!, Part One .ili.
------------------------------------------------------- by Morbus

I read a lot, and per se, agree and disagree with quite a lot too. Some
writings I just ignore, and some I just move into a folder and wait
until I feel like tackling them. This was one of those pieces. See, I've
been strapped for decent things to write about as the other duties of
Disobey have prevented me from even watching the Nightly News. Thus, I
clean out the folders in search for a gem.

And lookie what I got here. I don't remember where it came from, who
wrote it, or how long ago it was written. All I know is that it's about
legalizing every now-illegal drug in America.

Um. No.

Let me first say that I have never taken an illegal drug in my life
(much less inhaled). The closest I have been to a drug was being in a
car while three other people passed the bong and "hit it like a cake,
g". So, perhaps I am not eligible to write this article. If you think
that, fuck you... I'll write it anyways.

The person who wrote this little piece, which grabbed my attention so
dearly, broke it down into eight major points... the first being "the
war on drugs is not a war on drugs". He (and I use "he" out of
convenience not out of sexual determination) complains that "people with
harmless drug habits... are thrown in jail, ridiculed by fellow
citizens, or even killed".

Awww... poor baby. Don't try to turn drug users into compassionate human
beings. The reality is not that the police are attacking you because you
are you, and you have weirdo hair, and they don't like you because you
burn too much fucking incense to cover the ganja ("man"), but because,
in THEIR eyes, you are doing something illegal. It doesn't matter if you
and everyone else in the country thinks its "a-ok".... our current law
says that it's a no-no, and you gots to pay whether you think it's wrong
or not.

Take, for instance, Evil Jack. Evil Jack likes to kill people because he
thinks it's fun, he likes it, and it gives him the biggest hard-on and
the best buzz you ever did see. He thinks it's just dandy to go around
and murder everyone... it FEELS good. It still does not make it right.
I'm sure there are some people in the world who think child pornography
and fucking their hoe of a sister is ALL RIGHT. That doesn't make it
legal.

The writer goes into paranoid wanderings about how the police can bust
down your door under the guise of drugs even though "they are looking
for something OTHER than drugs". Fucking horseslobber... these cops
nowadays... they never give criminals a chance anymore!

The second point complains that "government prescribed crack would
provide a system to monitor usage, ie... who is an addict and needs
help", "people would no longer have to pay ridiculous prices... causing
a decrease in theft and related crime" and "dealing with drugs lords
would no longer be an issue". Ultimately, this point is bunk. Did you
read of those five 12 year olds selling Ritalin on the playground? They
had their own little racket going on... no longer will you be worried
about drug lords taking out a leg or so, but more about Charlie taking
your homework because you couldn't pay for the latest shipment.

Government regulation would only prolong the inevitable: an easier way
for the drug to get into the hands of normal people. Doctors
over-prescribing it to patients, their wives, and themselves. Patients
and passerby's stealing it from storage rooms at hospitals, and little
kids jacking into their neurotic father's supply.

His third point argues against the idea that people would use legalized
drugs as a "scape goat to personal issues" and that he'd rather be in a
room "with a friend" who is high "than a slobbering alcoholic with
absolutely no intellect". Well, how smart is your friend? I don't think
I'd be in a room with anyone if they had absolutely no intellect,
whether they were drunk or not (although time tells about stupid people
becoming rather funny when they are drunk). He goes on to say that
people will switch off alcohol to other "forms of reality escape".

And here I go: do we REALLY need to escape reality? Where can we go? Is
it not enough that our dreams are filled with such twisted thoughts that
while they even minimally represent facets of our day to day life, they
are still fucked up beyond recognition? Can we not escape reality by
watching soap stars talking to miniature people and asking for help from
a reflection of themselves a la Snow White? Here's a thought: we need
reality to escape from reality. You smoke reality to have DISTORTIONS of
reality, not something that has never been imagined. If you want to
"escape" reality, read a fucking book or watch a movie. Engross yourself
in celluloid and paper and not grass. Sure, it takes a little more time
than flicking your Bic, but hey, YOU MIGHT remember OR learn SOMETHING!

But, I digress... the fourth point cautions against thinking that "drug
addicts kill people, and are crazy" and continues "who would you want to
be locked in a room with, a slobbering drunk with a shotgun or someone
who has smoked a lot of pot and has a shotgun?". The writer has come to
the point of using alcohol as a crutch. First it was the big bad cops
assaulting our civil rights and freedom. Now, he's comparing another
drug to lessen the negativity of another. He gives little concrete
reasoning for why legalizing his beloved drugs is important, and more
reasons why illegalizing alcohol is paramount.

The article splits at this point... at first concerned with the
misconceptions of legalizing drugs, he now moves into arguments FOR the
legalization. These will be addressed in the exciting conclusion of this
REBUTTAL series... coming next issue.


------------------------------------------
.ili. G. Nih Ton Saves You, Part Two .ili.
------------------------------------------ by g. nih ton

[BEFORE-WE-BEGIN-NOTE-FROM-MORBUS: A long ass time ago (back in issue
Twenty Three), G. Nih Ton started a series about how to save the world /
universe. His first piece was published, his second piece was received,
and then he disappeared off the face of the Earth. We don't know where
he is. Some people think that is good. Recently, this piece resurfaced
as we were going through our archives of "publish me" stuff. We present
it here just to get it out of our faces.]

Second step: No matter how many times I attempt to look past this step,
it always comes back.  Eliminate the PSA.  It's a tragedy that every
time I get a commercial break on the square god, there always has to be
some sadass celebrity attempting to tell me what is best for everyone. 
Read a book, talk to my child, stay in school, and I could go on for
hours. This is about as bad as those interviews on GMA and Today where
some soon to be has been can't support the movie he never got cast in
but really wanted to, but has come to support Literacy Plus or some
bullshit PSA throat stuffer like that.

We don't need celebrities to tell us what to do, and most importantly we
don't need to listen to them.  Honestly, anyone who picks up a book by
Salinger because someone from Friends suggested it to the millions of
people who were supposed to be taking bathroom breaks is a fucking
moron.  The same applies to anyone who got on the wagon because Dennis
Franz did a plug for AA.  Sure, these are good things to do, but if the
motives are all wrong, then what's the point?

If you're looking for answers, I don't have any.  PSAs will be around as
long as celebrities get community service instead of actual jail time.
All I can do is suggest that you run up to these celebrities who plug
these so-called causes and do the opposite of what they want you do to.
If it's one of those pansy ass losers whose only threat of parenthood
was in a script, grab a child, stand in front of him and beat the hell
out of the little bastard, all the while yelling "Patience got me
nowhere, now I've got to hit him harder!"  That should tell them it's
all a joke.

All in all, I am thoroughly convinced that the only way to successfully
change the world is to get people to understand they're fucking up
through their own sight, and not some sanctimonious piece of shit prick
who makes more money in a year than three generations of your family
ever will.  Hell, if I had that much money, I'd pay someone to solve my
problem, write down a way of how it was done, get it run on tv so that I
too could sell the secrets of success and people would listen to me
because I was rich.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
The website edition includes images, a nice design, and all of the email
we have received about this issue. Go there and um, er, have fun:

   http://www.disobey.com/devilshat/

Copyright 1997-1999 Disobey. You may not steal, maim, hold for ransom,
kill, or rape any part of this issue.

   http://www.disobey.com/

   TO SUBSCRIBE:  morbus@disobey.com  SUBJECT: Subscribe Devil Shat
  TO UNSUBSCRIBE: morbus@disobey.com  SUBJECT: Unsubscribe Devil Shat   
------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
