
.ili.   Devil Shat Thirty Three   .ili.
---------------------------------------


   REBUTTAL: Legalize ALL Drugs? No!, Part Two ........ by Morbus
   

This is Devil Shat Thirty Three released on 08/13/98. Devil Shat is
published by Disobey and is protected under all copyright laws. All of
the issues are archived at the Disobey website: http://www.disobey.com/

Submissions, email, and news should be sent to morbus@disobey.com. Your
comments are welcome. What do you want us to write about? Send an email
and let us know.

I love you, Baby. You will be sorely missed.


-------------------------------------------------------
.ili. REBUTTAL: Legalize ALL Drugs? No!, Part Two .ili.
------------------------------------------------------- by Morbus

This is the final article of a two part series. If you haven't read the
first one, then you're not getting the full gist of the piece. Oh yeah,
seems you people had a lot to say about the first article. Since you
said much of it better than I could re-explain it, readers should go to
the previous issue on the website and take a gander at some of your
comments (great time to re-skim the first article too).

So, what did we start off with? In a nutshell, an article written by an
unknown assailant detailing eight reasons why all drugs should be
legalized. He first dealt with four misconceptions about legalizing 'em.

The first of the final four arguments for legalizing drugs begins with
"Drugs would boost our economy". Perhaps true. It is "an already HUGE
industry". Yet, take for example, the incredibly innocent casino's and
gambling. Gambling is not a drug, nor a physical trait that one can
latch on to. And hey, gambling is harmless! I can dummy up gambling into
just as many happy traits as our writer dummies his beloved drugs into.

But, the truth of the matter is that gambling and casino's, as innocent
and economy friendly as they are, also bring addiction, crime, and
violence. Drugs have brought addiction. Drugs have brought crime. Drugs
have brought violence. Gambling and casino's have been known to rip a
town apart (if you believe all those hometown stories), just as drugs
have been known to rip families apart (see aforementioned "if").

"More than likely their would the the same rules as applies to
cigarettes" [sic]. He gives some examples, although he doesn't think you
should be 21 to buy it. Well, sure! Let's be selfish and force you to be
16 before you can buy the damn things! We'll have more and more kids
coming to school legally stoned, legally red-eyed ("piiiink eye!"),
legally "not-listening-to-you". Sure, they could impose a law: "No drugs
in school". Uh huh, just like there are no candy, drinks or sleeping
rules in most classes also.

Let's get silly and imagine a world where you can get "happy" all the
time... during your job, your school, your baby sitting favor. It'll be a
family event to sit around your TV and enjoy a rolled one with Bubba.
Yeah, I know this is a twisted view, and probably far enough from the
truth than any of us care to admit. Without a self-imposed maturity
guideline (like 21), however, we can expect to see some things go down
the shitter.

Reason number two (or six, depending on how you look at it): "More
accuret [sic] medical records and faster treatment" He (or she) examples
of a person hesitating to tell the truth to a questioning doctor because
of the repercussions from the police. With legalized drugs, he
continues, you can get your friend back into shape quicker, because you
don't have to worry about the law.

Well, my friends... there are some things wrong with that train of
thought. First being the whole issue of legality. As I had mentioned in
part one of this series, and as becomes more apparent now, the writer
seems to think that since HE doesn't think drugs should be illegal, they
aren't. His example, briefly, is of an overdosed coke user in a
hospital, and a cop asking where the coke came from. And painting a grim
reality of cops: "Come with me. (Not giving the slightest shit about the
events that just transpired)".

Welp, you broke the law buddy. The officer is doing his job. Say, you
had a bad day with your girlfriend. You're pissed. You come to work
pissed. Theoretically, you're supposed to leave your problems at the
door. You won't get an easy task or a little "sympathy time in the break
room" because you had a tissy. They may say "oh, that's too bad", but
then they'll turn their back and forget about it. It's not
compassionate, but then again, it doesn't have to be.

Murdering someone everybody hates doesn't make it right. And, you won't
be "off the hook" just because you're grieving.

You know, personally, I could care less if drugs were legal or not.
Either way, I wouldn't take a drug, nor would I want to be in the same
room with someone who is. Likewise, I don't make the laws, nor do I
enforce them. I reiterate them. I'm all for going around and randomly
killing people, but it is illegal nonetheless. I know that if I kill
someone (and they catch me), I will go to jail. Realize that.

And, although the sculpture the writer builds is remotely true (drugs
are less harmful to the body than alcohol), his example proves that
there is still more danger than one cares to admit. You can overdose on
drugs and be sent to the hospital. You can get coke laced with
detergent. You can spend all your money on weed, only to find it's
something else (hey! at least when you buy alcohol, you know what you're
getting... uh... ok... bad example).

Third point: "we would be one step closer to personal freedom".
Basically true. While we're at it, let's make all laws irrelevant. Run
down the streets yelling "Anarchy!", breaking windows, and killing cops.
It's what you have always wanted. Just remember to spray "Devil Shat
Said So" everywhere. We might as well get something good out of this...
because "not have[ing] the choice of what goes into your own body is
just one more step towards being a government pet."

Ruff.

And the fourth and final point? "The drug war isn't working anyway".
Well, what a piss poor attitude! Did you give up on that Lego creation
of yours just because you couldn't find the redfourdimple brick? In a
society where achieving your goals is often more paramount and more
rewarded than being compassionate to your fellow man, giving up on the
drug war just because it isn't working is strictly Un-American. But, of
course, with America being so "free", the drug war is pretty Un-American
too.

Our writer goes on to give some alternatives for a new view on drugs:
"allowing regulation for a better means of control" (never works),
"limit people's intake to twice a week or whatever, so that they don't
become addicts" (wouldn't work as we would merely replace the current
drug trade with another designed to circumvent the limitation), or "get
some research done to make drugs a lot less addictive" (kinda like a
home-remedy for a hang-over).

Or hey, how about "give a test of knowledge... to show if someone
actualy knows what's going into their body, in order for them to obtain
a lisence" [sic]. Oh yeah! That will work. We have people passing the
driving test and still being an idiot on the road, people who listen to
sex education in class, laugh it off and go out and have weirdo kids and
warty crotches. Education, although wonderfully intelligent, is not
going to make anyone smarter when it comes to damaging substances. Hell,
cigarettes do more noticeably bad things to your body than drugs do, yet
for all our education, they still remain prominent within our society.

This series of articles has changed nothing in many people's opinions.
In as much as Jerry's Final Thought can make someone sway one way or
another, the truth is that by merely arguing points, we accomplish
nothing but mental exercise. And perhaps that is what Devil Shat is
intended... to raise reactions within people, to make them think, or
even to make them wonder how much of an nuthead that Morbus guy can be.

Either way, nothing has been solved. And perhaps that is for the best.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
The website edition includes images, a nice design, and all of the email
we have received about this issue. Go there and um, er, have fun:

   http://www.disobey.com/devilshat/

Copyright 1997-1999 Disobey. You may not steal, maim, hold for ransom,
kill, or rape any part of this issue.

   http://www.disobey.com/
   
   TO SUBSCRIBE:  morbus@disobey.com  SUBJECT: Subscribe Devil Shat
  TO UNSUBSCRIBE: morbus@disobey.com  SUBJECT: Unsubscribe Devil Shat   
------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
