
.ili.   Devil Shat Fifty Five   .ili.
-------------------------------------
 
 
   An Important Note .................................. by Morbus
   ASSHOLIC: X X X => click here ................ by Rown Garnbii
   
   
This is Devil Shat Fifty Five released on 08/12/99. Devil Shat is
published by Disobey and is protected under all copyright laws. All of
the issues are archived at the Disobey website: http://www.disobey.com/

Submissions, email, and news should be sent to morbus@disobey.com. Your
comments are welcome. What do you want us to write about? Send an email
and let us know.

Reader submissions are greatly appreciated.


------------------------------
.ili. An Important Note .ili.
------------------------------ by Morbus

I've got some good news and some bad news. For the people who don't read
Devil Shat or even know it exists, you'll be happy to know that we've
gone monthly - you'll know even less about it since we won't be as
promiscuous.

The bad news is that a lot of the readers who have come to depend on the
damn thing every two weeks are gonna be pretty pissed off when they find
out. I'd better think of some good old reason for 'em, otherwise I'll
start getting cancelled subscriptions (as if that would ever make
sense).

"You could tell them about how you're getting bogged down with all the
other things of Disobey." "Yeah," I counter, "but what about the people
who don't know about the rest of Disobey? Like Ghost Sites, NetSlaves,
Low Bandwidth, or any of the others? What if they haven't, gasp!, seen
the Sheep Movie?"

Worrying about my sanity, and wondering if this will turn into a
"Conversations with God" type of dialog (hey... that would make a great
Devil Shat series!), I counter the counter by saying "Oh well! What can
I do! If they can't humor themselves with the rest of what I spend my
lifeblood on, than what the hell good are they?".

Oooh... that's bound to lose some more subscriptions.

Seriously though, it's a question of sucking my gut in and admitting
that if I keep on the biweekly publishing schedule, Devil Shat is going
to suffer - you'd probably start seeing some pretty suck-ass articles.

On the other hand, if I move to monthly, I can provide a possibly bigger
issue (since it gives more time for reader contributions) and it'll
allow me to write a halfway decent thought process instead of these
pathetic pass-for-an-article-but-really-a-preface things.

So anyways, bare with the changes - Devil Shat ain't gonna die (no way,
no how, jimminy cow), but something had to break.

And if you are indeed interested in the rest of what Disobey has to
offer, you have two options: go to http://www.disobey.com/ and spend a
week there, or find out everything there is to know in my life and
Disobey by subscribing to Chico's Groove. Send email to
morbus@disobey.com with the subject line reading (appropriately enough):
"Subscribe Chico's Groove".

Thanks, and much adieu...


-----------------------------------------
.ili. ASSHOLIC: X X X => click here .ili.
----------------------------------------- by Rown Garnbii
	
I like cybersex as much as the next guy (and believe me, the next guy
loves it). It's fun, relaxing and faceless. No need for commitments,
e-mails, nothing. God, if only real life was as blessed, but I'm a sane
man. I have a certain screen name reserved specifically for my cyber
lovin' and another for work. It's only there for online interviews, net
surfing, stuff like that, but recently I was raped. Raped by online
assholes. And I don't mean the kind of rape that takes place in "fantasy
roleplay" rooms either.

It having been several years since I left my cocoon to make casual
friends online, I decided to stroll into a nice, normal public chatroom.
A Minnesota chatroom to be exact. Hey, what could be dangerous about a
bunch of Minnesotans? I entered, looked around, made my introductions
and waited.

It didn't take me long to determine that Minnesotans are crackheads. And
as a point of clarification, the same things that go on in the "adult"
rooms go on in the "public" rooms only with thirteen year olds which I
should of expected. That or with fifty year olds pretending they're
thirteen year olds which is especially disturbing. So I left the
nymphokids chatroom and went to sleep.

The next morning I woke up on the couch, hungover and watching the Rosie
O'Donnell Show... ugh. I got up slowly, deciding to retreat back online
and what do you think I found in the mail? That's right kiddies, I was
up to my sexless blue balls in porn solicitations.

When you're in a chatroom for long enough, eventually some bastard
working for some bastard company logs in and starts taking down names.
The names get made into lists. The lists get sent to porn companies and
the porn companies send all this crap to you. I had once thought it a
disgraceful act only taking place in the seedier rooms in the bad part
of the AOL where everyone is an adult, but apparently they send this
crap to kids to, and that's the big problem I have with this.

What do these people expect to accomplish by sending advertisements to
kids in these rooms? These kids have an interest in sex, sure, but they
don't have credit cards. They can't sign up for anything. The adults in
the room aren't lookin' for lovin' or else they'd be in the adult rooms.
There's obviously something that's not clicking in my head as to why
someone would build a porn list using a room full of kids as opposed to
one full of honey adults. Where's the logic? If you see it, please let
me know.

Let's get something straight here. I'm not necessarily against thirteen
year olds seeing naked ladies. I can recall many happy years shuffling
through my dad's collection of Playboys. It doesn't do any real damage
despite what dickheads... uh, I mean, "experts" say. The problem lies in
what it does to the online movement. I'm a big supporter of keeping it
free. My God! We need at least ONE free thing in this country, don't we?
But it's these things, these senseless things, that opportunists in
politics bite into and don't let go of so they can make a famous name
for themselves. So once again, assholics (stupid people addicted to
being an asshole) claim another segment of my soul and if I ever find
one of these list making dog fuckers, I'm gonna garrote him to death
with his own intestinal track.

There was a time (a long time ago) when you could e-mail these people
back to have them remove you from the list but now when you try, you
find that the address doesn't even exist anymore or if you respond then
they know that you're reading the mail so they put you on more lists.

It wouldn't be as bad if the mail actually led to sex of some sort, but
it's all just a commercial. No sex until you pay, and nothing will be
done about this crap, because that's how they make money. Everything
that you see that you don't pay for is designed to sell you things.
There is no real entertainment. It's just stuff between commercials.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
The website edition includes images, a nice design, and all of the email
we have received about this issue. Go there and um, er, have fun:

   http://www.disobey.com/devilshat/

Copyright 1997-1999 Disobey. All rights reserved. You may not steal, 
maim, hold for ransom, kill, or rape any part of this issue.

   http://www.disobey.com/

   TO SUBSCRIBE:  majordomo@disobey.com  BODY: Subscribe DevilShat
  TO UNSUBSCRIBE: majordomo@disobey.com  BODY: Unsubscribe DevilShat
------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
