
.ili.   Devil Shat Twenty Nine   .ili.
--------------------------------------


   Let's Miss The Point Entirely ...................... by Morbus


This is Devil Shat Twenty Nine released on 06/18/98. Devil Shat is
published by Disobey and is protected under all copyright laws. All of
the issues are archived at the Disobey website: http://www.disobey.com/

Submissions, email, and news should be sent to morbus@disobey.com. Your
comments are welcome. What do you want us to write about? Send an email
and let us know.

My back hurts bad. I need a massage.


-----------------------------------------
.ili. Let's Miss The Point Entirely .ili.
----------------------------------------- by Morbus

It's good to know that we try too hard. Gives you that special sort of
feeling that says "hey, this guy put three months of hard labor into
this idea, so it's gotta be good."

Something can be good, but still not right.

Remember back, if you will, about ten years ago, when we had the
"multifunction era". When we had clock radios with flashlights, and TVs
that would boil water before waking you up. Or phones that had alarm
clocks and radios. And remember how no one bought any?

This is happening today in two different ways. The first mimics the one
above: people are combining hardware to produce the ultimate
multifunction. I saw a keyboard a couple of days ago that had a phone
built into it, and a headset you could speak into. Where? On the
clearance table of an office store.

The second way we are experiencing the "multifunction era" all over
again is with software. This is not as clear cut as the other. Software
doesn't have to combine features together to qualify... usually, when
that happens, you have a decent product. What software does instead is
to take a simple feature, blow it so out of proportion that it looks
good and sounds good, but just doesn't work.

And this is where I bring you: "push" technology.

I won't name any names, but there are programs which sit on your
desktop, "pushing" stock quotes, or "pushing" the latest news, which you
can then double click to go to the website or download the full article.
They combine glitzy animation with the latest news to provide you with
what they think you want.

But, the problem with the software is that it's really not "push".
"Push" assumes you are getting the information you want, sent to you
before you want it, ready to be read and disposed of. Instead, the
software sends a crapload of information to you (making you wait for
information you will never read), randomizes and rotates that
information (during the program's screensaver mode), making you have to
search for the news you want in a jungle of garbage, and then saves all
that information on your hard drive until you tell it to clean up, or it
reaches some large set limit (usually ten megs).

That's... um... uh... well, it's not "push".

"Push":

    ...sends you only the information you want.
       
    ...sends it without you having to search for it. Often, when
       you wake in the morning, it's there.

    ...lets you get rid of it easily.

    ...is NOW. You won't want to wait for something to download.

    ...is individualistic. You can't satisfy every single person on the
       planet with one glitzy, high media software package. By doing so, 
       you turn people into a number in your database... "push" can't work 
       that way.

So, what is the ultimate "push"? It's been under our noses right along
and we use it every day. We're already familiar with it and we like it a
lot. As a matter of fact, we probably already use it for "push", we just
never thought to call it that.

Email.

In a wonderful article entitled "The Hot New Medium Is... Email", David
S. Bennahum confirms "the cost of production and distribution is
extremely low. That's an important distinction..." Why? Let's say you
love alpacas, the cousin to the llama. If you subscribe to what the
industry and company leaders label as "push", who spend millions of
dollars in attempts to make some sort of profit, you'll never see
anything about an alpaca. But, through email, you can find a list that
is ALL about alpaca's... you have found only the information you want.

Why does this work? Bennahum continues "...quality information
[attracts] people with little time, people who [want] the best
information. They, in turn, [begin] forwarding good information..." So,
you subscribe to the alpaca list, and funny enough, you like it. You
start sending your favorite grooming tips and other handy knowledge. The
list prospers because of communication amongst the people who care.
Unlike the "push" software you see today where you sit there, it comes,
and you like it or you don't, email has a wonderful dose of interaction
that can't be found anywhere else.

From Mark Anderson: "The Web is not a broadcast medium; it's a
transaction medium. During all this hype about videostreaming, people
have been emailing each other. There's been a denial about what's going
on. Email works and people like it... There is always this disconnect
between what the media focuses on as new and what people are using in
the market-place. There is no better example of that than the Web."

I bid you welcome to Low Bandwidth.

What we attempt to do is provide you with real "push"... that which is
part of your routine already and doesn't require "extra steps", doesn't
make you wait, can be deleted at any time, and allows you to
communicate with the very people who provide it for you. And with the
collections of both Todd Kuiper's Email Zine Listing and the Email Ezine
Emporium (E3) combined into Low Bandwidth, we'll be able to do just
that.

Bennahum mentions that writers (read: anyone with work to do) often
procrastinate by checking their email... much like grabbing another cup
of coffee and hoping to run into someone on the way. It's a simple way
to prolong the inevitable.

So... uh... checked your mail lately?


[Hey!] Visit Low Bandwidth by going to http://www.disobey.com/low/


------------------------------------------------------------------------
The website edition includes images, a nice design, and all of the email
we have received about this issue. Go there and um, er, have fun:

   http://www.disobey.com/devilshat/

Copyright 1997-1999 Disobey. You may not steal, maim, hold for ransom,
kill, or rape any part of this issue.

   http://www.disobey.com/
   
   TO SUBSCRIBE:  morbus@disobey.com  SUBJECT: Subscribe Devil Shat
  TO UNSUBSCRIBE: morbus@disobey.com  SUBJECT: Unsubscribe Devil Shat   
------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
