
.ili.   Devil Shat Twenty Seven   .ili.
---------------------------------------


   Why Rape Means "Hello" In Sign Language ............ by Morbus
   Morbus is a Nuthead ................................... by Ivy
   

This is Devil Shat Twenty Seven released on 05/21/98. Devil Shat is
published by Disobey and is protected under all copyright laws. All of
the issues are archived at the Disobey website: http://www.disobey.com/

Submissions, email, and news should be sent to morbus@disobey.com. Your
comments are welcome. What do you want us to write about? Send an email
and let us know.

This message is a week old.


---------------------------------------------------
.ili. Why Rape Means "Hello" In Sign Language .ili.
--------------------------------------------------- by Morbus

Are people being paranoid? It seems that every day we hear a
late-breaking news story about some famous person being accused of rape
or some well-paid manager sexually harassing an employee. Then we hear
heart ripping tales of Margaret, the defeated female who sucked her
boss' penis to keep her nine to five pencil pushing. It just tears us
apart at the evil in this world, and how that evil always starts with
"he".

A while ago, there was a commercial on TV where a black person dressed
in "gang" clothes and walked into a convenience store to get some chips.
The point of the commercial was that the store employee had been warily
checking to see whether the guy had a gun, implying that he was a
stereotypical black sent into the store to rob and pillage. In
actuality, he was not.

Sexual harassment is much the same way. A man lays a hand on the
shoulder of an unwilling female and she calls "intended rape"... she'll
probably get simple assault at the least. You look at a female in a
weird way, and she'll lay claim to "undressing her with his eyes". You
tell a joke to your buddies in the crew room and just as you finish it
and the laughs ring around, a woman walks in, redfaced. She heard the
last bits of the joke, and is "extremely offended". She files sexual
harassment. She will most likely win.

This is how the judicial system works. It's sad to realize, and you can
refute this up the ass, but it's sad to know that man is considered the
dominant sex. We've allowed women to speak more openly about what man
has done to her by attempting to give more of a regress to what she has
been through. And I know putting the rapist behind bars is never going
to be good enough. The emotional trauma that a victim is put through is
really unmatched. I don't dare to compare it to anything.

Let's play typical mad scientist for a while. A woman walks into the
bosses office, with full lips, wonderful hair, and "Perfum de
IWantARaise". Sweet smelling, she struts up to the desk and leans over,
giving the boss a nice shot of her silicon cleavage. Fifteen minutes
later, with words alone, she gets her raise. A day later, the boss
invites her out to dinner, and she accepts. The next day at work, the
boss makes more advancements on her and she cries "sexual harassment".
She will win.

But who is at fault? I say the boss. Why? Because as much as work is a
dominant and submissive environment (the boss over the employee, much
like the rapist over the victim), sex should have no color, no weight,
and no factor. The boss should know that... the employee should know
that also. The boss is at fault for falling victim to the sexual
flirtation.

And as much as it was inappropriate for the employee to dress in tight
skirts and struggling blouses, it will always be appropriate for others
to tell her she is in the wrong. The others were at fault also... they
let the employee dress that way (and probably enjoyed it also).

The intention is not to bash women, that wouldn't be politically
correct.  But neither is it politically correct to be prejudiced about
sex. Yet, that is what we see. It's always the big bad man, and the
innocent woman. Every male in the world can now be seen as a sexmonger
and one "you stay away from for your own good." Women have earned a "get
out of relationship" free card... one that spells a magical word in four
little strokes.

When the word "rape" comes along (and how frequently it does), people
think of a couple of things. They remember all the "sexually perverted"
men who are in jail serving their time. They think of a blurred movie in
their head, with the man dominating over the woman, her struggling, him
holding her and unzipping his pants. They can hear the woman shouting
out "no, no, no! help!". They can feel regret for what this woman has
gone through. As much as the store clerk believed the black man was
stereotypical, all we feel, think, and hear about rape is stereotypical
also. This is what movies have told us, this is what America's Most
Wanted has "simulated" for us.

Do men come along and say "I think I'll go out and rape someone
tonight"? News reports say they do. I agree and disagree. You can't get
into someone's head at the minute of decision and find out what they
were thinking. In some rare and extreme cases, with multiple offenders,
I believe premeditation occurs. The keywords are "rare" and "extreme".
Most of the time, I think Johnny is walking around, horny because he
couldn't find a good show on TV to jerk off to, and he sees this
beautiful woman. He busts a seam, his mind races, he doesn't give much
thought to the consequences, and it happens. When he's in court, he's
labeled as a threat to mankind and the victim is seen as the helpless
one.

And I agree. I do think he is a threat to mankind. Anyone who preempts
thinking for a little explosion of white (sometimes clear) fluid is a
danger. The issue here is really the man's inbred desire to dominate
over something, to be the one in control, to be the leader.

But, to reverse, give man the benefit of the doubt. By being the
equivalent of the store clerk, women (and we'll throw in the media also)
dummy man up into a barbaric gender, constantly thinking about the
firehose between their legs. This is simply not true.

We never take into consideration (clouded out by blood lust) that the
woman might also be at fault. This is why "Disclosure" was such a hard
idea to swallow. Woman at fault? That's crazy! Why, women can wear
whatever they want to a club. Women don't have to cover up when walking
to their car. Women don't have to worry about how they appear to the
opposite sex when they are "off-hours".

Remember the woman wearing "Perfum de IWantARaise"? What if she was the
one walking that night in skin tight clothes? What if the boss she
seduced was walking that night also, crossing paths in the dark park?
Eclipse a few hours. The boss is in jail, the woman is weak, teary eyed,
and pressing charges. What the police don't know is what we know: The
woman was partly at fault for using her sex as an influencing force. The
other employees were at fault for not saying anything. The boss was at
fault for making sex a factor.

I want to be the first to say that I have not even touched the whole
complexity of what rape is. I knew how controversial this topic could
be, so I passed it around to both male and female a couple of days
before the release. The results were varied, but always strong. There is
a lot of taboo concerning rape, and some people don't care to talk about
it at all.

Rape is something that I will never experience, and as such, something
which I can't adequately explain from the feminine viewpoint. Someone
commented that I place too much fault on women, making this a great "guy
article". That is not what I intended... I merely wanted to give other
sides of a coin that has too many as it is. Were the above logic true,
one could say that I would want all the women raped in the past to
drudge up their memories and find out what THEY did wrong.

That's the furthest one could get from the truth.

The only way I figured I could get a feminine point of view was to ask.
I would like to thank Ivy, who wrote that which follows, for her quick
response in my time of want.


-------------------------------
.ili. Morbus is a Nuthead .ili.
------------------------------- by Ivy

"In response to the serial rapist who's been terrorizing a neighborhood
in Texas, law enforcement officers warned women to lock their doors and
windows and to take other precautions so they don't give him the
opportunity to strike." The personal safety advice is well intentioned,
and most of the recommendations make sense. We should all be concerned
about safety and take steps to protect ourselves. But the extraordinary
focus on what women should do to prevent rape reinforces one of the most
troubling myths about rape, that victims (not perpetrators) are
responsible for sexual assault. That's simply not true.

Failing to lock doors and windows or going out alone at night doesn't
cause rape. Indeed, it's not HER responsibility to prevent rape. It's
HIS obligation to stop doing it. But society accepts sexual violence as
a fact of life. Women are taught it's a violent world out there; that
men rape and women must protect themselves. He learns at an early age
that boys will be boys. Girls are warned not to talk with strangers.
Boys learn that sometimes they just can't control themselves.  Society
tells her to take responsibility for her own protection to prevent rape.
He learns it's just a game. Rape is a violent, vicious crime. It is a
crime of power, control and domination. It is not a crime of sex.

But then again, this refers to a specific type of rape.  Yes, there are
many shades and all situations differ. In this type I am talking about
just some woman and a man that she has never met.  Yet there are other
aspects of rape.  Shall we consider date rape? Two people that know each
other decide to go out and have a good time and involve their activities
with alcohol.  In the case of alcohol, both are probably just having
confused emotions at the time. Things get a little steamy, yet both are
drunk. One thing leads to another and the next morning the girl cries
rape. Both are responsible for what happened, they both chose to drink.
In this case most of the time the male always takes the blame. I am not
sure if I agree with this... the girl was very irresponsible by choosing
to drink past her level of awareness.

Ok then, lets talk about the type where the girl supposedly leads the
man on.  She has on a really short skirt, bats her eyes at him, and uses
body language to imply things.  Of course, the man gets excited and
things proceed.  He take her home, she invites him in, she starts to
kiss and fondle him.  He gets even more worked up.  She decides at the
last minute that it is time for him to go because she wants to go to
bed.  He gets angry and forces her to have sex.  Should he take the
total blame? On this one, I think so.  A woman has the right to change
her mind.  A man should be able to control himself.   But to me it's
very simple... No means NO! and Yes means YES!


------------------------------------------------------------------------
The website edition includes images, a nice design, and all of the email
we have received about this issue. Go there and um, er, have fun:

   http://www.disobey.com/devilshat/

Copyright 1997-1999 Disobey. You may not steal, maim, hold for ransom,
kill, or rape any part of this issue.

   http://www.disobey.com/
   
   TO SUBSCRIBE:  morbus@disobey.com  SUBJECT: Subscribe Devil Shat
  TO UNSUBSCRIBE: morbus@disobey.com  SUBJECT: Unsubscribe Devil Shat   
------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
