
.ili.   Devil Shat Fifty One   .ili.
------------------------------------
 
 
   A Little Introduction .............................. by Morbus 
   ENTER THE WU-TANG ............................. by John Treacy
   
   
This is Devil Shat Fifty One released on 06/03/99. Devil Shat is
published by Disobey and is protected under all copyright laws. All of
the issues are archived at the Disobey website: http://www.disobey.com/

Submissions, email, and news should be sent to morbus@disobey.com. Your
comments are welcome. What do you want us to write about? Send an email
and let us know.

Finally, we're back!


---------------------------------
.ili. A Little Introduction .ili.
--------------------------------- by Morbus

Some of you might be wondering where the hell Disobey and Devil Shat has
been the last couple of weeks (months). Welp, we explained it all within
one of our (many) other publications called Chico's Groove, so you'll
have to search the archives available at Disobey to find the damn thing.
I don't want to repeat myself more than I have to.

Initially, the article below was intended to be distributed on the next
release date, almost two months ago. Whatever the case, it's here, and
you'll find responses, gripes, bitches, and "what the hell?"'s from John
Treacy, who'll explain enough about his hand in Disobey without my help.

Consider it the final recap of the past fifty issues of Devil Shat. Some
of it is valid, some of it makes you ask "what the hell is he trying to
say?", some will make you nod at his lyrical knowledge, and the rest
will question why I published a piece which slammed most of the readers.
Whatever the case, respond to this issue with your comments and
criticisms - they'll be appreciated.


-----------------------------
.ili. ENTER THE WU-TANG .ili.
----------------------------- by John Treacy

You might be asking yourself what the hell is going on.

I am not Morbus, but that's going to become apparent in a few minutes. I
am John Treacy. I don't have a pseudonym (although I did and if you can
tell me what that was, email me your home address and I'll send you
something... cool). I used to be "the other guy" in Disobey but since
it's "created" by Morbus now I guess there's no room for the "other guy"
anymore.

I used to have a perfectly written description of my duties in Disobey
in the Detergent section but now there's more stuff in there about
Morbus' girlfriend than me. She may be important to him but I can
fearlessly attest that Disobey would not exist if it wasn't for me.
Despite its official description, Disobey is not one person. Primarily I
am the backboard on the basketball hoop of ideas. 80% of this site has
been examined by me before being posted. Many ideas are "swishes" and go
right through. Other times I have to play "good backboard/bad backboard"
and deflect the "bricks." I give invaluable insight and constructive
criticism. My role was important and even without recognition it still
is.

Then there's my physical contributions. I am the complete author of
"Zero". I did the entire thing save the code. The design, the images,
the music, and the reviews. Why am I saying this? Because Morbus'
description of the site doesn't include this. I made the logo and design
for "Ghost Sites" - which brought most of you here in the first place.
And damn it, I make those kick ass Devil Shat images! I also coined the
phrase "LEFT WING RADICAL ANTI RACIST TERRORISTS".

You might be saying "big deal, where's Morbus, this guy needs to stop
complaining, and I hate the friggin' Wu-Tang clan!" Well, it is a big
deal 'cause I didn't get any credit for this shit. "Yeah so? How hard
can that shit be?" It's not a question of difficulty but of taste, sense
of humor and my being. Which is exactly why I am more than just a
contributor to Disobey; it's who I am. Before Disobey, there was John
and Kevin. We were friends first and if this were suddenly to end
tomorrow we still would be. (For the record though, some of that shit is
pretty fuckin' hard.)

I am not an avid reader of Devil Shat. To be honest it can be quite
grating and more than a little irritating to read someone's opinion
completely unchecked week in and week out. Which is why the email
responses are so important and (more importantly) entertaining as shit.
What follows is my response to a handful of emails and articles from the
past 50 issues of Devil Shat:


ASK THE TV (issue one)
EMAIL RESPONSE BY YEJQ51B@PRODIGY.COM

I would have to agree with you here. I don't watch TV at all. Ever.
Seriously. It makes me unhappy and sick. However, I am fully prepared to
say "that's just me". I don't attest to holding some kinda anti-TV
standard in place. It's my personal choice not to watch. I have my
vices: Pornography, Horror Movies, Junk Food, CD's, the list goes on...
I'll never own a "kill your television" item and hate the people who do.
We're all equal in our self-degradation and justification, it's time for
us to see each other for who we really are.


AHK! WHAT ARE FRIENDS? (issue two)
ARTICLE WRITTEN BY MORBUS

   "...you enjoy (or for the goths/haters: tolerate) their company and
   you generally get along. But can you tell them that you slept with
   their sister last night?"

This is funny for two reasons: 1) Both Morbus and I were once seeped in
"Goth" self perpetuated environments. We wore all black (and... still
do), listened to any CD that might be construed as "Goth" and loved
(hated) every minute of it. 2) Morbus had an extremely hard time telling
me that his girlfriend fantasized about having sex with me.

1) We both made fun of "Goths" to no fucking end as a subliminal
distancing exercise. If we hate the past, we can bury it. We don't make
fun of them too much anymore, I guess we've justified ourselves. 2) I
would NEVER admit to him if my girlfriend (assuming I ever had one) even
thought about him, much less about having sex with him.


TWO POINTS FOR STUPIDITY (issue three)
ARTICLE WRITTEN BY MORBUS

I disagree with this article because I don't think that humanity fits
into one category so easily and also because nobody is "good" or "bad".
Violence, drug abuse, sexuality (negative or positive) exists in our
society. They're not forces that are closing in around us or trying to
crush the "moral fabric" of our families. They ARE us. That is who we
are, it's humanity. We could not be made in the image of a higher being;
its impossibility for humanity is the highest conceivable high and the
lowest conceivable low at the same time. It's both... and usually it's
neither but just a middle ground of gratification and its pursuit.


PRAYER IN SCHOOL? PLEDGE IN SCHOOL? (issue six)
EMAIL RESPONSE FROM YEJQ51B@PRODIGY.COM AND NVZBLE@AOL.COM

YEJQ51B@prodigy.com: Whoops, well. Religion IS silly, buddy. Which is
why it is so important to so many people. We made it, and therefore it's
subject to the rules of humanity: We think we are better than group "b"
and yet what we accuse them of, we are also guilty. In the immortal
words of Easy E: "Niggas, Crackers, Jews, If there's hell below, we're
all gonna go."

NVZBLE@aol.com: one question, were you the president or founder of the
Stabbing Westward fan club?


KILL ALL THE PRISONERS (issue eight)
ARTICLE WRITTEN BY MORBUS

Morbzi? One of the most pointless and shocking articles in Devil Shat's
history. More or less confirms the untrue assumption of AOL that Devil
Shat was a racist ezine. "And our society must strike back." I guess
Morbus has been taking queues from Darryl Gates or maybe
ktakki@artcrime.com...


THE DEVIL SHAT DICTIONARY (issue ten)
EMAIL RESPONSE FROM MAVERICK@FITSHACED.COM

Look! We got a response from a pseudo-nazi! Hey Adolph, how's the
"shitty" (painful excuse for racial stereotypes) actors index coming?
And exactly what IS a "black propaganda film?" "Panther?" "X?" Lol. Can
somebody PLEASE get this guy a clue on the situation of race in American
history and more importantly in today's society. p.s.: while not a fan
of his, I have never heard 2pac speak the phrase "my shit be dope." I
guess you knew him better than I did.


WHY EVIL IS COOL (issue thirteen)
EMAIL RESPONSE FROM ALI M.

   "I just finished reading your article on "Why Evil is COOL". I loved
   it!! You hit the nail on the head!"
   
It's called missing the point... 

   "A little over a year ago, I had the very unfortunate task of finding
   my neighbor's 11 year old son dying in his bedroom of a gun shot
   wound to the head. To say it was an awful sight doesn't even come
   close to describing the scene. Truly awful, I am angered by senseless
   death like this, when the hell will people learn to keep their guns
   OUT of the house. As I waited in the house for the ambulance to
   arrive, I noticed that the boy's walls were covered with posters from
   the movie The Crow and Mortal Combat. All the video games lined up on
   his shelves were death and destruction games."

Crap... I can see where this is going.

   "It occurred to me then that the images we let our children see every
   day do more harm than any of us take the time to realize! Kids are
   taught that death isn't REAL..."

Hmmm, and WHO teaches them this?

   "They see the actor on the cop show get murdered this week & they know
   that the same guy will be fine in next week's sitcom. The badguys
   that are destroyed in the video games our kids play all hop right
   back up to play again next time. Children learn by example..."

Yeah no shit, so you'd better set a fucking good one!

   "We adults are missing the big flick every time we let our kids see or
   participate in things that teach them that death isn't a forever
   event!"

Hmmm... perhaps if you DIDN'T let Johnny Cage teach your kids about fire
safety...

   "And they also learn from our inability to teach. Each year, as we
   become less and less in love with our families, kids are learning
   from what other people to tell them. From what the big sixth graders
   are doing, from what the next door neighbor is doing. How long has it
   been since anyone has given their youngun a birds and the bees
   speech? Or a drug and violence speech? It has been so very very long."

And where did you learn this, Skeletor? The Snake Mountain Oracle? How
the hell do you know when the last time parent X gave child Z a heart to
heart?

   "The day after my neighbor's son died, I purged our entire household
   of anything that my children didn't need to see."

That's called setting a BAD example... some concerned parent you are.

   Video games went into the trash and our tv viewing habits underwent a
   massive change. I don't want my family to be de-sensitized to
   violence.

Ok, perhaps next week you could teach them the evils of censorship... oh
wait, they just had a first hand experience.

   "I WANT them all to be completely shocked and horrified by scenes of
   death and destruction, should they happen upon them..."

FUCKING EXACTLY! I am absolutely mortified by real violence. It makes me
sick. I can't even stand the sight of blood. BTW: I just finished
watching Friday The 13th VI for the 80th time. Man, Jason musta killed
enough people to fill a small country in that one... funny thing: I
don't recall feeling sick once during the entire movie. Or any of the
other times I've seen it. Hmmm, could THIS be the difference between
real violence and fake violence? Surely I must be completely
desensitized after watching countless hours of horror movies and
listening to Slayer and Ice Cube CD's all the time. Nope, not when it
comes to real violence. Still makes me sick...

   "It's how truly civilized people SHOULD feel by sights like that!"

Uhhh, yeah, when it's real. Hey thanks for setting the standard I was
confused for a moment there. I guess I was thinking for myself.

   "Having seen such a sight in reality, I feel fully qualified to say
   that a confrontation with true horror isn't cool, it isn't fun... and
   in the real world when someone blows their brains out, they don't
   ever get up again afterward and go on with their happy little lives
   the next day. All you get from that in reality is THE END!"

Never seen anything like that in my life and I can make the same
deduction... it's called "good parenting". Maybe you should talk to my
mom.


KILL A TREE FOR CHRIST (issue seventeen)
EMAIL RESPONSE FROM NBDAJ1@AOL.COM

Can we say GREAT title?
 
   "What the hell does killing trees have to do with Jesus? Jesus is pure
   good."

Woah!!! You know Jesus? Man, THAT'S cool.

   "Everyone is a critic. You can't criticize someone who is perfect
   until you are perfect."

Do you know "Ali M.?" Cause if it wasn't for you two, I'd have my own
thoughts. I guess I should just stop writing this now... nah


HAPPY DONE-THAT YEAR (issue seventeen)
EMAIL RESPONSE FROM THUBANSTAR@AOL.COM

   "Honestly, Morbus, this used to be an interesting mag. Now, sorry,
   but I think it comes across as the typical, spoiled, raised in the
   suburbs, go to the convenience store/mall, hang out whining of brats
   who have never had a really bad time in their lives.
   BORRRRRRINGGGGG!"

Hmmm, do I smell something? Could this possibly have something to do
with Morbus dumping your tired 45-year-old ass like a fat Albert pudding
pop bomb? It wasn't even a REAL relationship, it's the Internet for shit
sake, no, not EVEN the internet: it was AOL. And for the record, I might
not have suffered hardship but that doesn't mean I have no right to be
angry or even depressed (of which I clinically am). And I don't like
being called a brat, dike!


LOVE, SEX, AND THANKS FOR ALL THE FISH (issue twenty)
ARTICLE WRITTEN BY MORBUS

There was a little bit of japanimated nipple on this picture and it was
cut off. Proving that we might be "Disobey" but as much as we'd like to
think we don't care about what people think, we really do. Hell, saying,
"I don't care what people think" is proof that you do. Which is why we
don't feel the need to say it. Even though we just did...


THE TRIX RABBIT (issue twenty one)
EMAIL RESPONSE TO MAVERICK@FITSHACED.COM

A perfectly written and effective article. Thank you, honestly.

Well, Kaptain Amerikkka strikes again. "I mean, come on, racism and
cereal commercials." Oh, your absolutely right... there's just no way.
The deadliest force is that which cannot be seen, bitch.


WHY RAPE MEANS 'HELLO' IN SIGN LANGUAGE (issue twenty seven)
ARTICLE WRITTEN BY MORBUS; EMAIL RESPONSE TO JESUSHOUSE AND KABUKIGIRL@AOL.COM

   "The only way I figured I could get a feminine point of view was to
   ask. I would like to thank Ivy, who wrote that which follows, for her
   quick response in my time of want."

'Fraid not, honkey, this was DEFINITELY your time of NEED. If I could pick
any article to be stricken from the Devil Shat record, it would have to
be this one. I never knew how many different ways I could say "WRONG!"
to myself while reading... thanks Morbus. Ivy's response was needed but
didn't deliver the goods. I guess it said the right things but it wasn't
(ahem) strong enough.

And your name is JesusHouse. Do I really need to say any more? "Like the
lesbos in the woman's movement"; this was the guy who took the "good deep
dicking" line in Chasing Amy seriously.

Kabukigurl@aol.com: Yes but if the gravity that was causing me to
plummet to my doom was a thinking and feeling person, I could reason
with them. I could say "no" and they would stop. Speaking of jumping off
of bridges, perhaps you'd like to humor me for a bit... think I'm
kidding? If you never woke up tomorrow I wouldn't feel bad about it, one
less closed mind, one less waste of time.


WHAT WOULD JESUS DO? (issue thirty one)
ARTICLE WRITTEN BY MORBUS

A "what would YOU do pin would be better" (leggo my EGO) 'Morbus' is a
little too specific and then we'd all have mangy sideburns... a really
good friend of mine (and one funny motherfucker) once said: "I think
about what Jesus would do... and do the complete opposite" (doesn't
sound funny written but you'd shit yourself if you heard him say it).


DISCORDIA'S OPINION RARELY CHANGES (issue thirty one)
ARTICLE BY DISCORDIA

"Media undermines women who are over the age of 30"; actually it's not
just women but all people. However, women get it from a sexual /
attractiveness as well as usefulness to society standpoint, which I
agree, sucks. But the expiration of usefulness is valid. If you're old
please die. I don't care if your 15 or 50 but if you're old just do us a
favor...

The rest of the article was well written and better still RIGHT! However:

   "Make a magazine with models of all shapes and sizes and ages. Take
   them off the streets, out of the office buildings, supermarkets,
   households"

This doesn't solve shit, it just creates a new standard of beauty.
Lastly the "media" is subject to the laws of humanity because we run it.
It's evil as ass but it is human. We are disgusted with it because we
are disgusted with ourselves. Perhaps this is why women and girls
mutilate and starve themselves. The human condition is an inescapable
affliction of evolving contradiction and we just take more.


LEGALIZE ALL DRUGS: NO!, PART ONE (issue thirty two)
EMAIL RESPONSE TO BRYAN.JOHNSON@RNB.COM

   "The rant, appealing to baser fears and lacking any attempt at
   researching the subject, is indicative of where your newsletter has
   been heading the last couple months."
   
This was an excellent point and I'm not quite sure why it was never
addressed. Along with the other points you had made, this stands as one
of the most reflective and seriously questioning responses we've ever
received, thank you.

In the immortal words of 2pac shakur: "instead of a war on disease or a
war on poverty they got a war on drugs so the police can bother me."


SHOCK AND THE MEANING OF IMPLICATION (issue thirty seven)
EMAIL RESPONSE TO RAPER_X@HOTMAIL.COM

   "Exactly."
    
Nooooooooooo...

   "I think Operation Ivy summed it up with 'Our vulnerability is all
   our insensitivity'." In a world like this you have to show some signs
   of not being affected. Because once you are disturbed, then they can
   control you and program you to be like everyone else in the world."
    
Ok, not trying to be an asshole here, but that has to be the most
painful misinterpretation of song lyrics I've EVER read. It's the
opposite. What Jessie was trying to say is that we MUST show signs of
being affected. Those things he described in the song NEED to matter but
we're acting like they don't so we're dooming ourselves. Hence; "and
it's gonna be the death of us just you wait and see..." The
vulnerability is our insensitivity, our lack of sensitivity and
compassion, our showing of signs that we are not affected. That's what's
hurting us.

"Don't take shit from people you don't feel [are] authorized to give
it."

Authorization complete...


------------------------------------------------------------------------
The website edition includes images, a nice design, and all of the email
we have received about this issue. Go there and um, er, have fun:

   http://www.disobey.com/devilshat/

Copyright 1997-1999 Disobey. All rights reserved. You may not steal, 
maim, hold for ransom, kill, or rape any part of this issue.

   http://www.disobey.com/

   TO SUBSCRIBE:  majordomo@disobey.com  BODY: Subscribe DevilShat
  TO UNSUBSCRIBE: majordomo@disobey.com  BODY: Unsubscribe DevilShat
------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
