
.ili.   Devil Shat Four   .ili. 
-------------------------------


   This is Sick ....................................... by Morbus


This is Devil Shat Four released on 05/13/97. Devil Shat is published by
Disobey and is protected under all copyright laws. All of the issues are
archived at the Disobey website: http://www.disobey.com/

Submissions, email, and news should be sent to morbus@disobey.com. Your
comments are welcome. What do you want us to write about? Send an email
and let us know.

I hate racists.


------------------------ 
.ili. This is Sick .ili. 
------------------------ by Morbus

I feel the need to clarify the reasonings for the following article. And
as such, if you are easily offended, I suggest you move on to the next
issue. What follows is sick, disgusting, twisted, and very difficult for
me to grasp as a realistic part of society. What follows is the program
for the Patriotic White Aryan Movement. Why do we include this? Because,
it is something we feel we need to be educated more about. It allows us
to focus our hate (or for some people, love) on something concrete. And,
as a whole, we believe that it will dispel ignorance. Why do we feel
that way?

Because often people make decisions based on what they don't know about.
They see certain things (such as satanists, book titles, company names,
political races, and so much more) as only good or bad or black and
right. Well, there are good and bad things to everything. All we see has
a grey area, we only need to search hard enough to find it. So, although
disobey as a company disagrees wholly and with no respite, we feel that
to ignore it would only make us as ignorant as the people who write
this.

We know this will offend many people, but that is not our purpose. Our
purpose is to give us reason to dislike people like this. To give us a
reason and knowledge and a more powerful argument should we ever find
the need to debate the Movement.

  1. DEFINITION:

  The Patriotic White Aryan Movement (PAWM) has as its objective the
  racial, ethnic, and moral cleansing of North America. We intend to unite
  Canada and the United States into a single, White, Christian,
  English-speaking nation, a homogeneous country with absolutely no place
  for or tolerance of racial, ethnic, religious, linguistic, or cultural
  minorities.

Why is it called PAWM when it is the Patriotic White Aryan Movement?

  2. PROGRAM:

  a. PAWM would prefer to assume power by legal means, but we regard the
  present governments of the United States and Canada as illegal, corrupt
  and immoral. Thus we consider it our God-given right to resort to
  extraordinary means to seize power as well.

A couple of questions here. Why is our government illegal? Because we
have gotten past the ignorant idea that those "of the minor races" are
inferior? That where we are today is as integral a part of everyone's
society, and not just White Aryan. Also, are you not also playing God?
It is our God-given right? I don't believe your God ever intended for
you to choose who should live and who shouldn't live. Or whether you
should decide which is better of God's creations. And to "seize power as
well"... as well as what? Do you also intend to enact further
transgressions?

  b. Once we have assumed power our first order of the day will be to
  unite the United States and Canada, renaming the country Aryania.

  c. Our second task will be to implement compulsory nation-wide DNA
  testing for racial purity.

The word "compulsory" is very important here. As the most widely used
definition, compulsory is "required, mandatory, obligatory"... no big
deal there. But it is also "using compulsion, compelling; constraining".
Does this mean that if you get tested once and are "asked" to leave the
country, you can get tested again and again before you leave? That if
you show your "pass" or "verification", you can be accused of lying and
then be beaten, and tested again like a lab rat? That you can be
constrain against your will until your "results" come back, if ever?

  d. Aryanian citizenship will only extended to those who can be shown to
  be racially pure unto the tenth generation, that is to say 1023 of 1024
  forebears will have had to be pure White Aryans. Enough information
  about the history of the North American population now exists to make
  such a high and exacting racial standard feasible. Existing records of
  religious affiliation will be used to cull out: those who are racially
  white, but religiously, culturally, or ethnically impure (i.e. Jews); as
  well as all Asians, blacks, Middle Easterners, West Indians, Hispanics,
  Hawaiians, and, particularly, the special class of Asian immigrants
  erroneously and provocatively called Native Americans.

Such arrogance... "...religious, culturally, or ethnically impure..."?.
Wow. Erroneous? Yup. Those we call Native Americans are not native
americans. They are there own people. We called America, America. They
called it their own land. We had degraded them into us, into something
we could understand. So yes, it is erroneous, but not for the reasons
the PAW Movement tries to imply.

  e. The population of Aryania will consist of three elements:

  1. Citizens, who are pure White Aryans in accordance with the definition
  and procedure described above;

  2. Legal residents, who pass the racial qualifications, but who have
  cultural, ethnic, or linguistic impurities. They will be strongly
  encouraged to emigrate to their land of origin. As inhabitants of
  Aryania they will be subject to sterilization, forced abortions, or
  euthanasia of offspring conceived after the establishment of the
  country. Their underaged children at the time of the founding of the
  nation will not be granted the legal right of residence or any other
  civil rights upon reaching the age of majority, which will be
  twenty-five for non-citizens (as opposed to twenty for citizens), but
  will be regarded as transients.

Ugh, sure you can stay here, but everyday of your life we are gonna tell
you to move back to whence you came. And where would all the PAWM people
go? They seem to forget we ALL came to this land, and we all took it
over for ourselves. I would love to hear their reasons for why they are
"pure" enough to stay here, and no one else.

  3. Transients, will be all people who do not fit into either of the two
  above categories. They will be given a three month grace period to find
  a country which will accept them as immigrants, liquidate their
  property, settle their affairs, and emigrate. An emigration tax of fifty
  percent of the net worth of their property shall be imposed on them as
  partial compensation for the social distress which their presence has
  caused in the past. After the expiration of the three month grace period
  the Aryanian government will have the right to intern all individuals
  who are neither citizens nor legal residents for an indefinite period,
  forcibly deporting them or using them as uncompensated labor in
  public-works projects, depending on its manpower needs. All of their
  property shall be confiscated by the state.

Evil. No more comments can be said about this.

  f. The Aryanian government will be a minimalist one. Most of its energy
  will be devoted to sealing the borders and ensuring that racial purity
  is maintained within them. Its revenues will derive from the income from
  auctions for the right to profit from the labor of transients, the yield
  from the investment of the income which is generated from the auctioning
  off the property seized from non-citizens and other miscreants, and
  legal fees for granting private individuals the right to maintain
  registers of deeds to private property, including real estate and
  natural resources. There will be no income, sales, or inheritance taxes,
  nor will there be extraction fees. Natural resources will belong to
  whomever establishes a claim and exploits them.
 
This one makes me laugh. "Minimalist: a person who favors a moderate
approach to, or who holds minimal expectations for, the achievement of
specific goals or programs." Isn't the total antithesis of this
definition what has made America what we are? Our striving to be the
best, our willingness to overcome any obstacle that stands in our way,
and our dedication to discovering new technologies and new advances? A
minimalist society will only suffer from its own laziness. And a
minimalist society whose sole major goal is to isolate oneself (as PAWM
attempts to) will only become the lesser barbarians the combined forces
of non- Aryans will inevitably fight.

Natural resources will belong to those who make claims to it. Ha. They
will belong to those who can enforce and defend their claims to these
resources, thus plunging Aryania into a Mad Max-ian society where war is
what gets us what we want. There are so many aspects of a minimalist
society that the author of this constitution has forgotten (be it
purposely or mistakenly) that it would work only until the giddyness of
Aryania wore off on its inhabitants.

  3. JUSTIFICATION:

  PAWM is based on the premise that the most important aspect of a human
  being is his race, and that the ideal state should be devoted to the
  cultivation of racial purity. Race, culture, religion, and language are
  all inter-related, and a state which is racially pure will also be
  culturally, religiously, and linguistically pure as well. We can no
  longer allow the races and cultures that would destroy us to sap and
  impurify the vitality of the White Aryan race, impregnating our women,
  corrupting our culture, preaching the pernicious doctrine that all races
  are equal. All races are NOT equal, and no race can realize its true
  destiny if it has to waste precious time and energy competing with
  inferior ones in its own geographical and cultural ecospace. There is a
  racial war going on today: every time you listen to rock music, eat a
  slice of pizza or watch a Jew-made television show you are being given a
  not even subliminal message that your White heritage is somehow
  imperfect or inadequate. We can no longer permit anti-White
  indoctrination, anti-White infiltration, and anti-White cultural
  subversion to undermine our White Aryan heritage and identity.

  You will hear more from our movement later. But now you know what is in
  store.

I never understood the distinction between race. Human beings are a
race. Blacks, Jews, and Aryans are all subcultures of this race. There
is no race among humans, merely different cultures.

I must admit though, that the following paragraphs in section 3 do have
some merit, whether they are being interpreted for the wrong reasons: no
race can realize its true destiny if it has to waste precious time and
energy competing with inferior ones. How true this is, and how effective
this comment can be modified to apply to a variety of situations.

However, the author doesn't let me forget why I hate this thing and all
it stands for. Eating a piece of pizza? Or listening to rock music?
Pfftt.. What about the paper that the PAWM constitution was written on?
Or what about the work that was put in by the workers at the factory to
create the pen? They are byproducts of non-Aryan societies, yet we use
them. And why do Aryans speak English? Our english language is made up
of words from hundreds of societies and languages, yet they use them as
if they were Aryan. Perhaps they are "allowed" to use things that they
have stolen from other societies? No... that wouldn't work because
Americans make pizza with new recipes, yet the author proclaims that
even that is corrupting your purity.

Our criticism is over. We would welcome challenges from like-minded
people, Aryans, and others who support or are against our opinions and
those set forth by PAWM. We only hope that they are intellectual and
mature.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
The website edition includes images, a nice design, and all of the email
we have received about this issue. Go there and um, er, have fun:

   http://www.disobey.com/devilshat/

Copyright 1997-1999 Disobey. You may not steal, maim, hold for ransom,
kill, or rape any part of this issue.

   http://www.disobey.com/
   
   TO SUBSCRIBE:  morbus@disobey.com  SUBJECT: Subscribe Devil Shat
  TO UNSUBSCRIBE: morbus@disobey.com  SUBJECT: Unsubscribe Devil Shat   
------------------------------------------------------------------------
