
.ili.   Devil Shat Twenty One   .ili.
-------------------------------------


   Senses Modification ................................ by Morbus
   The Trix Rabbit: A Product of Racism? .......... by g. nih ton
   

This is Devil Shat Twenty One released on 02/26/98. Devil Shat is
published by Disobey and is protected under all copyright laws. All of
the issues are archived at the Disobey website: http://www.disobey.com/

Submissions, email, and news should be sent to morbus@disobey.com. Your
comments are welcome. What do you want us to write about? Send an email
and let us know.

Devil Shat is old enough to DRINK!


------------------------------- 
.ili. Senses Modification .ili.
------------------------------- by Morbus

One of the random experiences that I chose to conduct on myself is
something I like (well, like isn't the term, but it just sounds good) to
call senses modification. Now, there's a couple of things that need to
be explained here. First of all, I don't normally conduct experiments on
myself, it was just something that I was thinking about when I was
wandering around, trying to look like I was working. And secondly,
senses modification is not body modification. Body mod is more physical
attributes (ie. tattoos, piercing, bigger testicles, etc) whereas this
modification deal more with the 5 senses (sight, touch, hearing, taste,
smell).

So, what I've developed (through 2 minutes intervals over the span of a
couple of weeks) is the following experiments to enhance your senses.
They say that if you lose your sight, then you're other senses will
become more acute over time. Well, that's what I wanted to accomplish
only without losing anything.

SIGHT: To enhance your sight, you have to lose some of it. So, what I
have been doing in the past couple of days is walking home in the dark
with sunglasses on. Yes, I look like I'm a stupid idiot, but your eyes
must work harder to pick up details from the shadows and so forth. So,
if you ever do this, don't do it for more than an hour or two. You could
damage your eyes due to strain. What I have noticed in my experiments is
that you lose your sense of depth. Or at least I did. I would constantly
misjudge bumps or divets in the sidewalk and would stumble. This
happened a lot when I first started out, but has since been negligible.
Did it work? Kinda. Now it hurts to be out in the sunshine. Thus, this
is a really good idea for practicing goths. It gives them a more
realistic cringe when they have to suffer through real-life.

TOUCH: The only thing I could think of to do with touch was to walk
around with gloves on. All the time. Everywhere. If you have a public
image, then be prepared to lose it or have it damaged. In my
experiences, this didn't work at all unless you put pressure on
practically everything so that you can pick up details better. However
this has proved damaging on the following objects: balloons, fingers,
twinkies, plants, some guy named Andrew, and an open can of soda.
Caution is warranted. You might also have problems sweating alot. This
is because it is hot out. You should buy a couple of pairs of gloves so
you can wash them when they get unbearable. Did it work? Not at all.
Enhancement of this sense would be a long time coming.

HEARING: If you ever went to school and had a shop class, then you must
remember those huge earphones things that weighed about 5 pounds, and
covered your whole ear and about half of the rest of your head. Yeah,
well, to enhance your hearing, you need to get one of those. Several
disadvantages of this experiment: your neck gets tired, your hair gets
all messed up, and people get sick of you yelling out "what?" all the
time. Several advantages of this experiment: your neck gets stronger,
you become less concerned about what your hair looks like and you begin
to hear better with the earphones on (yet, when you take them off, you
hear too well and it becomes painful... it also feels like you are in
this huge vortex with water running by you). This experiment actually
did work, and it gives a happy side benefit: the ability to read lips.

TASTE: Well... um, I had no clue how to enhance this. Well, I had an
idea, but scraping off all of your taste buds didn't seem really
enjoyable (and what if the experiment didn't work?). However, you can
inadvertently make your taste buds more sensitive by enhancing your
sense of smell (see below).

SMELL: This one is pretty obvious. You can look stupid and wear a
clothespin on your nose, but those things hurt and fall off alot.
Another thing you can do (which I used) is to get those little ear plugs
and stuff them up your nose. They expand and thus you can't smell. There
is a huge disadvantage to this and that is that all your food is going
to taste bland. It's all gonna taste like crap because a major part of
eating is being able to smell the food. So, this experiment ties in with
TASTE (above). So did this work? Yeah, vaguely. You do start to smell a
tiny bit of scent after a while, but it has to be very strong. And as a
warning: do not sniff developer to try to verify that you can't smell.
That stuff is strong, and I smelled only peanut butter for days
afterward. I vainly searched for something that would make me smell
jelly, but to no avail.

You might be wondering what the point of this article is. It's an essay
for treehuggers to survive in the future. You see, as mechanical
implementation becomes more commonplace, the treehuggers and hippies are
going to balk at it. But, perhaps, deep down inside, they wish that they
could become more powerful or better seeing, or whatever. This essay
attempts to set forth a realistic means for those who don't want to look
like a robot.


------------------------------------------------ 
.ili. The Trix Rabbit: A Product of Racism .ili.
------------------------------------------------ by g. nih ton

As I watch television shows, I find that the roots of racism come almost
subliminally in commercials and other various forms of children and
other family programming.  The series of commercials that really grabbed
my attention were the commercials for the cereal Trix.  These are
special because one figment is turned away by other figments because he
is a rabbit.  To tell you the truth, I believe that all of the
commercials for the Trix are actually metaphors.  This is how I see it:
the Rabbit is a minority group; the bowl of Trix is money, nice
neighborhoods, etc.; the children are anyone from the government to a
majority race.  By seeing this, the children of our country will think
it is perfectly okay to disrespect all minority groups wanting a piece
of the American Pie (or shall we say the Trix Cereal Box) and that is
not right.  Some of you reading this may be thinking that; "this is just
coincidence" or "maybe this person is trying to start some trouble."
Well my answer to you is that you are all wrong, my theory is that the
people making these commercials have been warped by the Civil Rights
Revolution and are still in that old way of thinking, even though it may
not be all that obvious. But if you look at the facts, it does seem
quite odd that the rabbit isn't allowed to eat the cereal just because
he is a "Silly Rabbit." Is this term just a racial slur, or are they
picking on him because he is determined to be treated equal?

To give an example of what I mean by discrimination, recall the time
when the Rabbit entered a bike race and the prize was a bowl full of
Trix (might I add that they did not say what the winner had to be). When
the Rabbit won the contest, the judges were quite apprehensive about
giving him his well-deserved prize, but when he got the prize it was
soon taken away from the Rabbit, because "Trix are for Kids." Something
else that supports my theory is that he is always disguising himself up
as a kid so that he is able to get the bowl of Trix, but I also remember
reading that during the Civil War Era slaves used to disguise themselves
as white people so that they could get into the north.  Is this another
strong coincidence or am I right?

Well suppose that I am wrong, and that all those factors I mentioned
really are just coincidences.  If that is so, then why is it that the
Rabbit never gets the Trix?  Don't tell me that he can't have them
because he is a rabbit so it's not healthy for him.  And please don't
tell me that this is nothing but a stupid cartoon and it has nothing to
do with real life, because as I said before: these commercials are
metaphors so that it's not so obvious.  Just because this is a cartoon
does not mean I am barking up the wrong tree, because as some of you
intellectual minds out there should now; if something is a metaphor, it
doesn't mean it has to be live action (e.g., Disney films would make
Freud famous all over again).  So, unless you have good reasons to say
why the Trix Commercials are not metaphors for racism, shut up.

(c)1992 G. Nih Ton. All Rights Reserved


------------------------------------------------------------------------
The website edition includes images, a nice design, and all of the email
we have received about this issue. Go there and um, er, have fun:

   http://www.disobey.com/devilshat/

Copyright 1997-1999 Disobey. You may not steal, maim, hold for ransom,
kill, or rape any part of this issue.

   http://www.disobey.com/

   TO SUBSCRIBE:  morbus@disobey.com  SUBJECT: Subscribe Devil Shat
  TO UNSUBSCRIBE: morbus@disobey.com  SUBJECT: Unsubscribe Devil Shat   
------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
