
.ili.   Devil Shat Seventy  .ili.
---------------------------------


   Why Blogger Empowers Mindless Nits ................. by Morbus


This is Devil Shat Seven released on 1/11/01. Devil Shat is published by
Disobey and is protected under all copyright laws. All of the issues are
archived at the Disobey website: http://www.disobey.com/

Submissions, email, and news should be sent to morbus@disobey.com. Your
comments are welcome. What do you want us to write about? Send an email
and let us know.

Tirrred. Tiired.


----------------------------------------------
.ili. Why Blogger Empowers Mindless Nits .ili.
---------------------------------------------- by Morbus

Ever heard of Blogger.com? News and media has taken an incredible liking
to it... in short, it allows easy creation and updating of webpages,
without having to worry about FTP settings, archiving, HTML, and all
that other "look! i'm a webmaster!" crap.

It's also one of the best damn browserware tools that I've run across
(in close running to Onepage.com) - I use it for the Disobey News
Network, updated semi regularly at Disobey.com. Blogger's run by good,
non-corporate, happy little people, who, at face value, seem pretty
cool.

There.

Now that I've gotten the calm attention of Blogger lovers with the
obligatory and expected admiration, I'd like to tell you why Blogger
deserves to have it's little blue and orange neck wrung. Yes, wrung with
a fury unbridled by the power of a thousand wild horses.

Take with me a trip back into the stone ages - years and years ago when
the Internet was relatively new. It was a great frontier, one of
exploration, "ooh, how original" and "man, this is far better than
BBS's".

Except, of course, when you got to one of *those* pages.

Yes, those worthless waste's of bandwidth where desperate and
self-indulgent people would shove pictures of their dog down your
saturated pipe, or little Mickey in his "cutest outfit yet", or the
equivalent of endless slide shows about their most treasured vacation.

These magical pages were the dirge of the Internet - everyone hated
them, everyone complained, everyone thought they were horrible. This
wasn't "content" - this was a shameless use of resources by people who
should've been "Logan's Run"'d years before.

Years later, the pages disappeared from public view - sure, you can find
them by looking at any local ISP's homepage list, but they're no longer
prominent - you have to search to find 'em. That's how things should be.

Fast forward. We're near the present. The desire for content moved
toward the desire for content aggregation, or "portals". Those died.
Then we moved to "push technology", where piss-rich content was
considered the rage because it came to you without asking. And nowadays,
content has been neglected in favor of "services" - sites which allow
you to accomplish some task besides just passively reading.

Blogger is a service - one that helps in making content. It wasn't the
first on the block for this sort of web updating, but was certainly the
most user-friendly, relational, and the best looking.

And that's where the hate comes in. Gazillions of new users are using
Blogger to update the most horrific and content poor pages I've ever
seen. Don't get me wrong - there are some really good "blogs" out there,
but most are pointless wastes of time, replacing dog pictures with the
color of the moron's underwear, and why that relates to this link about
cock soup and America's national pasttime.

These furry-assed apes will wax poetic for whole screens about their
pointless lifestyle, their boring family, and then include a link or two
to spice things up. And because they read other blogs, you'll often see
"via trails" all over, where they'll link or mention something and tack
on "[via BobaFett's Super Blog Wars]". As if I'm suppose to care that
you get inspiration for your shit inducer from someone else's skidmark
maker. Because cross-linking like this is so prevalent, if you read
about a dozen, you'll have covered about fifty.

Did I mention Blog Wars? [tweety] I did, I did mention Blog Wars!
[/tweety]. As a side effect of so many blogs being created and
maintained, there are sites that count and measure the number of posts
per day. Post thirty times in an hour? Top of the class, buckaroo!
Linked to the same website that twelve other people did? You must be
popular culture! What'd you write about? Depression? The fact that your
cat wouldn't lick your balls? The fact that he still wouldn't after you
rubbed tuna on them? Does anyone but you care?

Ah, but see, that's the rub - it's not about creating good content, its
about creating ENOUGH content so that people will look at it, thinking
you have something important to say. And with blog wars, blog voting,
and "via trails", it's no longer about WHAT you have to say, but rather
HOW MANY people are listening.

Welcome back to the world of *those* pages. Hang your head in shame -
the more press Blogger get's, the more idiocy we'll see. It's not an
issue of when, but rather how much longer before those who encouraged it
with stories of Blogger, will about-face and relabel it the same pig
testicles they reported years and years ago.

NOTE TO READERS: This article has nothing to do with the semantic web,
about bringing a voice to the masses, or empowering those who have
something to say but not the knowledge to say it. Nor is it about
self-expression or online diaries. If you put something up on a public
webserver, someone is going to read it. Search engines will waste their
time caching it. If it's useless, you're wasting resources. The Internet
is full. Go away.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
The website edition includes images, a nice design, and all of the email
we have received about this issue. Go there and um, er, have fun:

   http://www.disobey.com/devilshat/

Copyright 1997-1999 Disobey. All rights reserved. You may not steal, 
maim, hold for ransom, kill, or rape any part of this issue.

   http://www.disobey.com/

   TO SUBSCRIBE:  majordomo@disobey.com  BODY: Subscribe DevilShat
  TO UNSUBSCRIBE: majordomo@disobey.com  BODY: Unsubscribe DevilShat
------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
