
.ili.   Devil Shat Sixty Nine  .ili.
------------------------------------


   ASSHOLIC: ASSHOLIC, PART THREE ............... by Rown Garnbii
   Spectrum of Emotions ........................ by Amanda Bryant


This is Devil Shat Sixty Nine released on 12/14/00. Devil Shat is
published by Disobey and is protected under all copyright laws. All of
the issues are archived at the Disobey website: http://www.disobey.com/

Submissions, email, and news should be sent to morbus@disobey.com. Your
comments are welcome. What do you want us to write about? Send an email
and let us know.

Argh. Schedule, schedule, schedule!


------------------------------------------
.ili. ASSHOLIC: ASSHOLIC, PART THREE .ili.
------------------------------------------ by Rown Garnbii

A Word About Activists...

Last month I tried my very best to express the dangers of stupid people.
Far beyond the expected dangers they present to normal everyday life,
like idiots cutting you off or stepping on your feet. No. The stupid are
the drones of an evil society and their leader, their queen, is the
Activist.

Now, before everyone starts getting all shouty again, this column isn't
a blanket statement. I do not mean all activists. By all means, keep
sending in your donations to whatever charity, program or lobbyist you
wish. Those I target are different. People who are actual dangers.

The reasons there are so many activists number two. First, activists can
be effective. It's rare, but true. There are many documented cases where
protests have actually contributed to great changes in society... none
come to mind at present but rest assured, they exist... Actually, the
only ones popping in my head are horrifically failed protests like the
Anarchists at the WTO and the entire 1960s... But, back on point, with
time and determination, change can happen. Sadly, most who join activist
movements do so for the second reason, power.

In activism lies enormous power, in leadership, more so. The leader of
any movement has, in many respects, an entire army at their beck and
call. An entirely willing army at that feel they are in the right. And
as everyone knows, an army armed with a single belief is an army totally
manned with unwavering dickheads.

This is my theory on activist armies, or even a local get together: Each
area of space in the world is allotted a certain amount of intelligence
and common sense. I.E. when a person is alone, they tend to do the best
thinking, hence why the best ideas come in the bathroom or in the bed.
Most specifically, my bed since I'm always the only person in
it... hmm... wonder why?

The more people who enter this space, the more that intelligence is
divided between them. When two are together, each has half as much
common sense. That's why you can never win an argument. When two more
join in, the intelligence and common sense is halved again. I think you
can see where this is headed. Just imagine the pea-brain that results
when you are in a group of hundreds or thousands. These people are not
difficult to sway. This is a mob mentality. You can see it any time on
the news. A mob simply will not listen to anyone and cannot make a
cohesive decision. Anyone ever watch the Simpsons? This is a show that
perfectly illustrates my point. The Town Hall scenes, though comical and
perhaps exaggerated (though only slightly) are a rough interpretation of
what actually happens.

And the activist has control of them all.

Now, on top of all that, the leaders of the groups are the next most
important factor. In my experience, one truth has always seemed
unshakable. No matter how noble their position may be, a group's
leader(s) is always insane or shortly about to become so. It's only
natural considering power corrupts and that anyone who has climbed that
high of a ladder to get where he is, had to toss a few hundred people
off who were in his way. This is why heavy turnover is a must in any
office.

Still, despite insane leaders, if the cause is good, feel free to leap
aboard activism train. You just have to keep in mind where your stop is.
Example: if you join the National Organization for Women, fine. You
probably just want to see good representation and equal pay for equal
work. No problems there, all are great goals. BUT, don't get it in your
head that the leaders of said group would be totally content with that.
Look into their eyes, NOW wants women to dominate the Earth. That's
their ultimate goal. You may think it's funny and I'm overstating it but
fuck you. It's true. And hey, more power to them. Sure, they're nuts but
the upshot is that they have to accomplish your goals to get to theirs.
That is the point. When they've met your goals, that you stop handing in
the checks.

All movements are like this. PeTA wants to ultimately bring about the
end of human rule and elect an ostrich to the senate, the NRA wants
everyone armed, the Anti-Gun lobby doesn't even want the cops armed, the
PTC wants to censor everything you see, coincidentally so does the FCC,
the ACLU is defending N.A.M.B.L.A. in a civil liberties trial and
that'll tell you what's going through their head, and the Anarchists
want to be able to legally break shit. Just be aware of it. Why do these
organizations want to go to the extreme? Simple, because if any of them
were actually content with accomplishing a simple reasonable goal, then
they'd all have to stop playing and go home when they've finished. They
would have to pat themselves on the back, close down their offices and
get a real job. Fuck that, huh?

So, hey, if you want to join a movement, go ahead. But keep an eye on
them and watch for the assholes. Yes, there are other assholes than just
the leader. The person who throws the first rock in a protest, while
simultaneously shouting about police brutality. The idiots who throw red
paint on you for wearing a fur coat then whine that the coffee shop is
out of lowfat half-caff cappuccino. And whoever at PeTA had the fucking
stupid idea to give out "UnHappy Meals" filled with pamphlets and toys
of bloody cows to children. The hippies who scream about the right to
abort a child, then yell at you for eating veal. This stuff doesn't make
sense yet it happens every day. Just watch for it.

In closing, do whatever you want, just watch out for assholes, because
they ruin the parade for everyone. And for that matter, can someone
please tell me what being gay has to do with St. Patricks Day!?! There
are people being tied to fences and beaten and they're spending their
money on marching banners to promote awareness.

Fuck you!

FUCK YOU ALL!!!!


--------------------------------
.ili. Spectrum of Emotions .ili.
-------------------------------- by Amanda Bryant

My reason in living in art is not so glitzy and far more complicated - I
create art, regardless of what form, because without a means to express
the intensity of my feelings, I'd die. Out of inability to communicate
the depths of myself to another I've kept a record of my feelings
through art. True, it started as a way to release myself from a very
painful existence but past tragedy was only the beginning of my need to
create.

I consider myself more self aware than the average person. One way is I
do not suffer the usual human condition of duality. Happiness exists
because of misery, pain because of comfort, love because of hate, and so
forth lies the duality. Most people pair their emotions in opposites
because they only have the capacity to feel differences. Instead of
pairing negative and positive emotions as opposites I pair them as
similars. Take for instance love and hate, to me they are on in the same
in that they are the strongest of emotions that consume us in similar
ways. To me like and dislike are on the end of the spectrum with other
less intense emotions while love and hate are at the other end with the
stronger ones. Think of how wider of a spectrum of emotions you
experience with this mental arrangement.

Those who only experience intense emotions as a result of differences
lose so many emotions in the middle that are important in self
discovery. By in the middle I don't mean apathy - that's an emotion felt
by those who are stuck without the differences to occur and compare so
they are at a loss to their feelings. People who exists with this
duality are usually the same people who tell me I'm morbid, dark, or
goth because I often have depression. They think being depressed is a
bad emotion because they see it as an opposite of happiness but this is
not so. Through depression I've gained much knowledge of myself and the
world. When you learn to appreciate the strength of depression it can
teach you things. I've also done some of my best creations when in the
depths of sorrow. All the things I mentioned above are positive outcomes
that occurred within depression. Through depression I can find happiness
as well. It's all a part of what limits you put on your ability to feel.
Every new surge of emotion leaves me feeling trapped unless I find a way
of expressing it. I guess my purpose is to keep a record on every mind
set. So every day each breath I take is for art.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
The website edition includes images, a nice design, and all of the email
we have received about this issue. Go there and um, er, have fun:

   http://www.disobey.com/devilshat/

Copyright 1997-1999 Disobey. All rights reserved. You may not steal, 
maim, hold for ransom, kill, or rape any part of this issue.

   http://www.disobey.com/

   TO SUBSCRIBE:  majordomo@disobey.com  BODY: Subscribe DevilShat
  TO UNSUBSCRIBE: majordomo@disobey.com  BODY: Unsubscribe DevilShat
------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
