

.ili.   Devil Shat Sixty Five  .ili.

------------------------------------

 



   Discuss Amongst Yourselves ......................... by Morbus

   ASSHOLIC: The Greatest Column Ever Told ...... by Rown Garnbii

   UK: FYI ........................................ by Unkle John

      

   

This is Devil Shat Sixty Five released on 06/08/00. Devil Shat is

published by Disobey and is protected under all copyright laws. All of

the issues are archived at the Disobey website: http://www.disobey.com/



Submissions, email, and news should be sent to morbus@disobey.com. Your

comments are welcome. What do you want us to write about? Send an email

and let us know.



I have tons of snot in my nose.





--------------------------------------

.ili. Discuss Amongst Yourselves .ili.

-------------------------------------- by Morbus



"HOPEFUL MONSTERS (1940). Coined by Richard Goldschmidt (1878-1958), a

German-born geneticist who emigrated to the US, this is a reference to

Goldschmidt's theory that sudden jumps in evolution are necessary to

explain speciation.



Goldschmidt believed that chromosomal mutations accumulate in

populations until some threshold is breached, propelling the species

across 'an unbridgeable gap' to a new species. While he expected that

most mutants (called 'monsters') would fail to survive, under certain

conditions mutants could be more successful than competing individuals.

Such successful mutants leading to a new species were called 'hopeful

monsters'. Modern geneticists reject this theory."



Although nothing really new, the way in which the theory is expressed

interests me. Almost every mutation could easily be described under

Goldschmidt's watchful eye - Toomes from the first season X-FILES, the

Davis baby from the IT'S ALIVE trilogy, or that freaking woman who pops

out her eyeballs on national TV.



Perhaps those mutations suggest cramped living space, primal evolution

to combat aliens (i can't believe i just said that), or increased

eyesight to become aware of a new entry into the food chain above us.



And although Goldschmidt believed that the chromosomes were merely

dormant, waiting to "awaken" (reference: AKIRA), perhaps "some

threshold" could apply to cloning or gene splicing.



That damn spider goat is *definitely* a hopeful monster. For those

uninformed, scientists spliced a goat and a spider so that the goat

could produce thread. Called "biosteel", the thread is reported to be

twelve times stronger than normal steel and super flexible. Said

scientists hope to breed the damn things and use biosteel for military

purposes.



And that scares me. Goldschmidt asserts that most mutations would fail

to survive. But with scientists making sure that these "hopeful"

monsters will continue to procreate, we can only patiently wait for the

era of Von Frankenstein. And I won't even touch the genome and DNA

advancements that have been heralding the biology and genetics scene.



The fun thing is that I'm excited about all of this. How correct the

early mapmakers were when they signed "here there be dragons"...





------------------------------------------------------

.ili. ASSHOLIC: The Greatest Column Ever Told... .ili.

------------------------------------------------------ by Rown Garnbii

                                                    HolisticFP@aol.com

or: The End

(Part Ten of Ten)



The last commandment.

   

"Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house, thou shalt not covet thy

neighbor's wife, nor his manservant, nor his maidservant. nor his ox,

nor his ass, nor anything that is thy neighbor's." (God, Exodus 20:17)



Kind of a big pill to swallow to accept that all of that fit on one

stone tablet. I can just visualize God running out of room and

struggling to squeeze the rest into the margin.



This commandment means that one should not be attracted to another's

possessions and attempt to get them for ourselves. I originally thought

I had broken this one. After all, who hasn't looked in envy at another

persons lover, or car, or toy? I have. I do it all the time. But I've

never been so envious that I had tried to take their stuff by force, nor

have I ever attempted to lure their girlfriend away, although sometimes

I wish I had. In fact it's all really about me wanting to get one for

myself. Therefore... I guess I win.



One more commandment for me. And that's it. That's all of them. Rown

Garnbii with a final score of Hell-4 / Salvation-6.



60 percent. A D- on any test but still a passing grade.



...It's all a bit silly though, isn't it? I like the fact that there

were some good solid laws laid out on the table, but it still strikes me

as silly. The whole Bible thing. It's full of discrepancies and double

talk. But on a less atheistic approach I just don't believe it in my

heart. There's something wrong about a universe that dependent on rules

over anything else.



Why can't everything just be? It's that simple. I think of it like a

destination with two paths leading to it. One is a long, complicated

path and one is of simple acceptance. Like science and faith,

Catholicism and Christianity. In my mind the universe and the hereafter

simply take care of themselves and that they require nothing of it's

inhabitance, because I just don't have the strength. There's good TV

that needs watchin'.



It always confused me that the ones who believe in an eternal soul are

the ones who believe in the strictness and standards of living.

Conversely, the ones who believe in nothing treat life cheaply. Neither

makes any sense. If we never truly die, than to kill a person is

meaningless. If we die and that's the end of it, then to end a life or

to make one miserable is a true sin. Whatever... No one's ever gonna get

it.



Me, I don't really know what to expect from the afterlife. I do think

that if there are strict rules to get through the door, then they would

have been announced loud enough for "everyone" to hear, which never

really happened.



And if the Bible is true than I'd probably still go to Hell. It say's

I'm suppose to obey all of them. And since each explanation starts off

with "love and fear God" which I cleverly omitted, then I guess

technically I've broken all of them. So really, what good was this

exercise? I don't know. I just wanted to fill some space.



I'm not a perfect man. I know that. In fact, I suck. But I'm not a bad

person either. I don't believe that I deserve eternity in Hell, nor

would I want eternal bliss in Heaven.



Crazy, huh? Who would pass up eternal bliss. I'm not dumb, I know that

I'd always be unconditionally happy, and I wouldn't even notice the

difference. I just need challenge. I need to keep playing the game. I

need pain. I don't know why, but I do.



The journey is the destination. I'd hate it if humanity ever did find

the answers to life. I think that we really would just blink out of

existence. Not out of punishment but because, what else could we do?

We'd just start over, I guess.



What are your thoughts?



Salvation wins, 6-4





-------------------

.ili. UK: FYI .ili.

------------------- by Unkle John (edited by Morbus)

                    

I was watching a re-run of "The Fresh Prince Of Bel Air" the other week,

and had to constantly put up with the piss-making of England and its

occupants. The truth is that the stereotype, stiff upper lipped ponce,

no longer exists, or very few survive. The popular world belief that the

English go round saying "sorry" every time they bump into people is a

hideous mistake, and (the most annoying, may I add) that we all stop at

4pm for Tea... sadly not.



You will be hard pressed to go to London and find anyone speaking with

an impeccable stereotype "english" accent, and if you are foolish enough

to ask anyone, expect a black eye.



The other popular belief is that we are all related to the Royal

family... the sad truth is that the Royal family are pretty much hated

and despised, for their petty inter-family fighting.



And the added fact that they are inbred Germans figures into it as well.



What am I trying to say? Don't stereotype people. I am using us English

(well, actually I am more Irish than English... but that's neither here

or there) as an example, if you don't believe me, you are welcome to

come over and try it. Be sure to visit a Milwall vs. Reading game of

football, and you might see what I am on about.





------------------------------------------------------------------------

The website edition includes images, a nice design, and all of the email

we have received about this issue. Go there and um, er, have fun:



   http://www.disobey.com/devilshat/



Copyright 1997-1999 Disobey. All rights reserved. You may not steal, 

maim, hold for ransom, kill, or rape any part of this issue.



   http://www.disobey.com/



   TO SUBSCRIBE:  majordomo@disobey.com  BODY: Subscribe DevilShat

  TO UNSUBSCRIBE: majordomo@disobey.com  BODY: Unsubscribe DevilShat

------------------------------------------------------------------------ 

