            History of Information Oppression And Statement
                      Of LOL Beliefs On Censorship

	The world lies in a state of bureaucracy.  Governments mete out
false justice, charge us money to squander on their own petty interests, and
do next to nothing for us in comparison with the things done TO us.  The at-
tempt to control our every waking thought and action, pass unnecessary laws
designed only to keep them in power, and above all, attempt to brainwash us 
into mindless peons meant only to serve them and keep them wealthy.  
	Religious leaders attempt the same, passing no legal laws, but brain-
washing their followers even more completely, promising a paradise they don't
know exists for obedience...and a hell that is equally in doubt for contrary
beliefs, thoughts, and actions.  They attempt to define what is good and what
is bad, not by logic or any type of moral beliefs, but instead by creating 
guidelines that enhance their power over their followers.  They demand trib-
ute for empty promises, and give nothing in return save a short speech weekly
that enforces their control.  
	For centuries there was nowhere free from this absolute control of
church and state.  As new mediums of communication were developed, they were
immediately restricted by government and god.  Literature, radio, television,
all of these can only distribute information that the powers that be deem
proper.  
	Then came the Age of Computers.  Before those in control realized
it, Computers advanced to the point of allowing instant communication with
anywhere.  The Internet was formed.  It grew.  It came to encompass the world.
Then it became popular among non-Academians or so-called Computer geeks.  It
was no longer the Internet, but instead The Internet.  The Cybercity.  The
Electronic Information Highway.  Suddenly, millions of people were Surfing 
the Net.  
	The government woke up.  Snapping out of their reverie, they suddenly
realized that anyone with a small amount of cash could tell anyone else, any-
where on Earth, ANYTHING THEY WANTED TO!  Dissidents could talk to other dis-
sidents, people could meet anonymously, people could actually communicate
freely for the first time in a long time.  They couldn't allow this to hap-
pen. 
	And so stands the world today.  Homo Sapiens in general can actually
say what they want to.  There is an uncontrolled medium of communication in
the world, and the Government doesn't like it.  Church and State have att-
empted to lower usage by deeming it immoral.  And then came the straw that
broke the camel's back.  The Government passed a law restricting what could
be done on this medium of exchange.  Luckily, this foothold in the final
bastion of freedom was driven back, and the law was killed.  But Congress will
try again.  The Government will try again.  The Church will continue to bad
mouth the Internet.  And all the powers that be will keep on trying to gain
control over the one thing they currently don't have under control.
	This is why LOL exists.  This is our purpose, and our cause.  Inform-
ing the public of what is being done to them.  Striking back at those who 
wish to commit the unspeakable act of taking away our right to communicate. 
In short, fighting for the right of every human to say what they want to say,
and to say it to whomever they wish to.

Devil Locke.

